The US has seized a Russian oligarch’s megayacht in Mallorca amid efforts to hunt down and ‘freeze’ assets stashed around the globe by Vladimir Putin’s cronies. Detectives from the FBI and Spain’s Civil Guard were seen storming the Tango, a 254-foot British-designed luxury vesesel worth an estimated £91.5 million, in the Mediterranean port of Palma de Mallorca on Monday. Its owner, Viktor Vekselberg, 64, is a close ally of the Russian president with a net worth of over £6.4 billion spanning oil, mining and tech. He was one of the most prominent oligarchs among the hundreds of Russians to have been sanctioned by the UK over Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. His assets have been frozen in the UK as well as the US, which first hit him with sanctions in 2018 in retaliation for Russia’s ramping-up of hostile activities abroad. Vekselberg was questioned during investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 US presidential election won by Donald Trump, and linked to a company allegedly used to route $500,000 of hush money to pornstar Stormy Daniels. A spokesperson for the company denied that the Russian played any role in the payments. The move is thought to be the first seizure of an oligarch’s yacht since Joe Biden’s administration set up its new Repo taskforce (short for Russian Elites, Proxies and Oligarchs) to extend the reach of US sanctions. President Biden warned Putin’s inner circle that the US and its European allies will ‘find and seize your yachts, your luxury apartments, your private jets’. He added: ‘We are coming for your ill-begotten gains.’ Vekselberg was born in Soviet Ukraine bfore leaving to study in Moscow, where he joined a small elite of shrewd business men who built vast empires during the privatisation of Russian industries in the 1990s. A generation of oligarchs emerged after the collapse of the USSR saw state assets sold in rigged auctions for a fraction of their true value to well-connected insiders,  who now depend on Putin’s favour and iron-fisted rule to protect their wealth. Vekselberg’s congolomerate, Renova Group, now holds the largest stake in United Co. Rusal, Russia’s biggest aluminium producer, among other investments. He has yet to comment publicly on the seizure. A number of superyachts linked to Russian oligarchs have already been seized by Spanish, French and Italian authorities. They include the 215-foot, €27 million ‘Lady M’, belonging to oil mogul Gennady Timchenko, which was impounded in the port of San Remo last month. British detectives detained a £38 million yacht owned by an unnamed Russian businessman in Canary Wharf in London last week, saying its owner was ‘deliberately well hidden’ through tactics including bearing the wrong flags. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.