Prince Edward and wife Sophie are facing criticism for presenting the Prime Minister of St Lucia with a signed photograph of themselves during a visit to the island. The Earl and Countess of Wessex have been branded ‘tone deaf’ and ‘clueless’ after they gave the framed picture to Philip J. Pierre in a traditional exchange of gifts. Edward, 58, and Sophie, 57, visited St Lucia as part of a week-long tour of the Caribbean to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The couple were warned to avoid ‘phoney sanctimony’ over slavery and not to treat locals like ‘simpletons’ on their visit – amid renewed calls for reparations for the slave trade and simmering tensions over Britain’s colonial legacy. The Saint Lucian Prime Minister appears stony faced in a photograph of him receiving the gift from the Wessexes – which has sparked both disbelief and dismay online. The Independent’s race correspondent, Nadine White, shared the image on Twitter this morning along with the caption: ‘#ICYMI: Prince Edward & Sophie gave the PM of St Lucia a framed photo of themselves as a gift after visiting the country as part of their Platinum Jubilee tour’. Many commented on Mr Pierre’s facial expression as people mocked the gift, which was described as ‘crass’. Others suggested it would have been more appropriate to give a picture of the Queen. One person commented: ‘Who gives a picture of themselves as a present’ adding a face palm emoji. Another added: ‘I understand that it’s a custom but my god couldn’t they have skipped it given the current atmosphere?’ However, one jumped to the defence of the Royal Family, posting: ‘Harry and Meghan presented a signed picture of themselves to the PM of New Zealand when they visited there and William and Kate did the same on their visit to Norway. ‘It’s very common among royals all over the world to do this to commemorate their visit.’ But another insisted the picture represented a ‘relic of a bygone era,’ adding: ‘Why do they think that anyone would want a photo of them?’ Edward, 12th in line to the throne, and Sophie were given a vibrant watercolour painting of a turtle. The Saint Lucian PM tweeted a picture of himself smiling with Edward and Sophie. But one follower commented describing the autographed picture as ‘insulting’, adding: ‘Who do they think they are, rockstars?’ The online outrage comes after Prince William and Kate Middleton were also accused of being ‘tone deaf’ during a tumultuous Caribbean tour in March. The Cambridges flew to Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas in a bid to strengthen the Royal Family’s ties with the Commonwealth. But they faced fierce criticism after being pictured shaking hands with crowds behind a wire mesh fence in Kingston, Jamaica. William described the slave trade as an ‘appalling atrocity’ that ‘stains our history’ during the visit. But his words were slammed as ‘phony sanctimony’ – prompting the warning in an open letter to the Wessexes ahead of their trip. The couple touched down in Antigua and Barbuda today, where they were urged to use their ‘diplomatic influence’ to achieve ‘reparatory justice’ for the island. Prime Minister Gaston Browne told Edward and Sophie the country hopes to ‘one day become a republic’ during a cabinet meeting. However he acknowledged it was ‘not on the cards’ at the moment. But Mr Browne added: ‘The reality is we have been left and bereft of modern institutions such as universities and medicinal facilities.’ Barbados replaced the Queen as head of state in November while Jamaica’s premier, Andrew Holness, has also indicated his country may be the next to become a republic. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.