At just three years old, little Tommy Summerbell loves taking daily tractor trips and caring for the dogs, sheep, goats, alpacas, chickens, cows and horses on his family farm. His mum, Kate Weightman, says the toddler became ‘tractor obsessed’ when he was just two days old – after going on his first ride with his dad. Tommy – who goes to nursery two days a week – now loves driving a combine harvester, while sitting on his dad’s lap. In fact, the three-year-old’s farming skills have gained him quite the following on social media – where he’s now racked up more than 55,000 TikTok followers. Kate loves to share her toddler’s outdoor antics, including his tractor rides, as well as him helping his dad with the daily workload. The 29-year-old mum explains: ‘He really is just farm mad. All he wants to do is be out and about with his dad. ‘He loves being outside with the tractors and the animals. He charges around having the time of his life. ‘He really loves going to check on the cows and lets the chickens out every morning. ‘He’s an incredibly caring little boy.’ Kate even stresses that Tommy’s first few words were ‘tractor’ and ‘digger’ – even before ‘mum.’ ‘Thankfully I wasn’t offended,’ she continues. Tommy’s dad, David Summerbell, has lived and worked on the family farm all his life – making their son a fifth generation farmer – but the parents say they would never push him into farming if he didn’t want to. Kate adds: ‘As far as we’re concerned he can do whatever he wants later in life. But it does seem that he’ll be in line to take over the family business. ‘He already tells all the teachers at nursery about “my farm.”’ David and Kate also plan to get married on the farm this May – with Tommy as their ring-bearer. The parents stress that Tommy’s love for animals is undeniable- and the two family sheep dogs, Jess and Floss, are his loyal companions. Kate adds: ‘The dogs adore him and will follow him everywhere he goes on the farm. They’re like his two little sidekicks. ‘The first thing he does in the morning is go and find the dogs to give them a stroke and say “good morning.” ‘He loves them so much. He loves all the animals… seeing him feeding a baby goat or running around with the chickens, it’s so heartwarming. ‘I think it’s why his social media has really captured people’s hearts.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man loves Yorkshire puddings so much he can eat 20 per roast MORE : Terrier who’s spent most of his life in kennels let down on rehoming day MORE : Woman shares what it’s like to go through the menopause at just 15