With Easter around the corner most of us can’t wait to feast on all the chocolate goodies we can get our hands on. But Easter gifts don’t all have to be chocolate. From fun bunny plates to luxurious bath treats, we’ve put together a list of the ultimate Easter buys to give your family and friends over the bank holiday weekend. Here are our top picks: These beautiful aluminium Easter eggs from L’Occitane are filled with scented beauty treats. Choose from the Almond or Cherry Blossom collections or go large with the Assorted Egg Box containing four mini eggs filled with miniature hand creams. Keep the tins safe and use them again next year. £16, loccitane.com Make bunnies, not war… that’s the ethos of this chocolate bunny-making kit from Britain Loves Baking. For each purchase, the company will donate £5 to Unicef to help children affected by the Ukraine conflict. It’s available in milk or white chocolate and you can also decorate the bunny in Ukrainian colours. £12.50 britainlovesbaking.com Aldi’s Easter range has raised the bar with its selection of Moser Roth Egg Slabs. We’re talking thick egg-shaped slabs of Belgian chocolate in three decadent flavours: White & Blonde Chocolate, scattered with crunchy pistachio and macadamia pieces; Dark Chocolate With Raspberry, finished off with freeze-dried raspberry pieces and cocoa nibs; and Milk & White Chocolate, a salted caramel flavour topped with roasted hazelnuts. £3.99, aldi.co.uk Want to get a little one something other than sugar? How about one of these super-cute bamboo bunny plates, which have powerful silicone suction bases, meaning they stick fast to kiddie trays and kitchen tables. Rounded edges mean easy scooping for small hands. £16.99, bamboobamboo.com Knoops, the UK’s first dedicated chocolate drinks brand, has launched a special Hot Cross Bun Spice Blend to add to your hot or cold chocolate this Easter. It uses cinnamon, lemon, orange and a dash of sea salt. Don’t be surprised if it becomes a permanent fixture in your life. £4.95, knoops.co.uk Lush’s Easter offering isn’t edible but it will make you smell good enough to eat. It features five feel-good treats – an Easter Bunny bubble bar, a Dragon’s Egg bath bomb, a Flamingo Egg bath bomb, a Rainbow mini bubble bar and a Disco Duck bath bomb. £32, lush.com Moo Free makes free-from and vegan chocolate, and this year has released three new Easter products: the Moofreesas Organic egg, a white Bunnycomb Crunch egg and an egg-hunt kit. Made with high-quality ethical cocoa, they’re perfect for those who don’t eat dairy, gluten or soya. From £2.50, moofreechocolates.com If you really want to treat someone this Easter, check out this sensational diamond and turquoise enamel egg necklace from jeweller Kirstie Le Marque. The designer’s ‘eggs’ are hugely popular classic pieces that can be worn every day — and they’re calorie-free! £335, kirstielemarque.com This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Colman’s is launching a Scotch Easter egg – ideal for those who love savoury treats MORE : Cruel social media scam promising free Cadbury’s chocolate Easter egg is a total hoax MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle