A former Territorial Army soldier has refused to take down a flagpole carrying the Union and Ukrainian flags after the council said it was a health and safety risk. Nigel Hart, 33, placed the pole at his mum’s home in Canterbury to show his solidarity with Ukraine and the British Armed Forces amid the Russian invasion. But Canterbury City Council has ordered him to remove it due to safety concerns over its location in a communal space. Pub chef Mr Hart is determined to keep the 4.5-metre flagpole up to honour his former colleagues fighting abroad. He said: ‘I feel really strongly about what’s going on in the world, being a former soldier myself. What’s going on in Ukraine is like World War Three. ‘And I have many friends that are serving soldiers, I have friends that have been out [to fight in other countries] and haven’t come back. ‘And this is why I’ve put the pole up, to show my support.’ Mr Hart addressed any health and safety fears the council had, adding: ‘I’m more than prepared to take it down in bad weather, but all the time that it’s nice and sunny the flags will remain up high, so people can see.’ Mr Hart said he placed the pole carefully to limit its impact on neighbours and secured it into the ground with concrete. Canterbury City Council is not backingdown and said it expects the pole to be removed soon. A spokesman added: ‘This is an area for the enjoyment of several tenants living in properties there, not for just one person to use.’ a spokesman said. ‘The tenancy agreement people sign up to when moving into a council home is very clear that communal areas cannot be used in this way. We have to be fair to all our tenants and apply this rule to everybody. ‘In addition, if the flagpole was to fall or be pushed over, there is the potential for injury to people nearby or damage to their property. ‘We accept this is a sensitive matter, particularly at the current time, and that our decision to ask Mr Hart to remove the flagpole is likely to be divisive.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.