A disgraced MP who was kicked out of the Tory party for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy is facing fresh allegations. Imran Ahmad Khan has been accused of propositioning a 16-year-old boy – days after being convicted of touching a teenager inappropriately in 2008 after forcing him to drink gin. A man now aged in his early 20s claimed to have met Khan at a birthday party in August 2015 where he was subjected to inappropriate advances, according to a report. The MP, then in his early 40s, is said to have offered to give him ‘the best blowjob of your life’ and take him to a hotel room with the intention of taking cocaine and hiring a sex worker. Using the pseudonym Andrew, the man told The Guardian he first saw Khan looking ‘off his face’ by a campfire in a field in Suffolk used as the party venue. Andrew claimed he checked on the stranger, who allegedly told him his friends had given him ‘far too many pills’. The following day, Khan was said to have been showing other guests scars on his torso from an explosion which hit him when he was working for the government in Afghanistan, and allegedly invited Andrew to touch them. After the alleged propositioning, which happened later on, Andrew told his mother what happened, sparking a dressing-down from her and her partner to Khan. The MP is said to have then complained to Andrew about being ‘told off’. When Andrew said that his alleged advances had made him feel ‘uncomfortable’ and ‘weird’, and that he was ‘only 16’, Khan allegedly replied: ‘That’s OK, you’re legal.’ The man is said to have been spurred to come forward when he read news reports that Khan planned to appeal his conviction, saying the 15-year-old victim could have ‘easily been me if I wasn’t surrounded by adults’. Khan was expelled from the Conservative Party when he was found guilty at Southwark Crown Court, and on Thursday night said he will give up his seat. Lawyers representing Khan told The Guardian they had advised him not to comment on the latest allegations, ‘bearing in mind the ongoing criminal proceedings against our client’. His announcement that he planned to step down as an MP reportedly came half an hour later, as he vowed to focus on clearing his name. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.