Brussels and the US are set to hit two of Vladimir Putin’s daughters with sanctions in response to alleged war crimes carried out against Ukrainian civilians. Katerina Tikhonova, 35, and Mariya Vorontsova, 36, are on the EU’s latest draft list of prominent Russians to face a fresh raft of punitive measures. They are expected to be subject to asset freezes and travel bans across Europe as early as today. Later on Wednesday, the US also imposed sanctions on Putin’s two daughters. The action is designed to punish Russia for civilian deaths, White House National Economic Council Director Brian Deese said. In addition, the Biden administration is sanctioning Russia’s largest banks. EU members are also set to approve a ban on imports of Russian coal – an industry worth £3.3billion per year. Other imports worth around £4.6billion each year, including cement, liquor, vodka and caviar, are also expected to be banned under a fresh raft of measures. Meanwhile the EU, G7, and US are said to have agreed to ban ‘all new investment’ in Russia in response to the brutality in Ukraine. Not much is known about the personal lives of Tikhonova, a former acrobat, scientist and businesswoman, and Vorontosva, a doctor, as Putin has fought to keep them out of the media spotlight. It is unclear if they own any properties or have investments outside of Russia, but the measures against them are largely symbolic. However, sanctions against the pair would ensure that they could not leave their country and live a life of luxury in somewhere in Europe. The moves are in response to reports of Ukrainian civilians being raped, tortured and executed with their hands tied behind their backs. As dead bodies are found piled in mass graves in Bucha, Irpin, Mariupol and other parts of Ukraine, Russia is facing accusations of genocide, as calls grow for Putin to be tried for war crimes. Still Moscow has tried pinning the blame on its neighbour, claiming without evidence that bodies had been planted after its troops left in an attempt to discredit Russia in a Western media campaign. Other punitive measures proposed by the EU include sanctions on more individuals such as oligarchs and politicians, along with four key Russian banks including VTB. ‘These four banks, which we now totally cut off from the markets, represent 23% of market share in the Russian banking sector,’ EU Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen said. If the proposal is adopted unanimously by all 27 of the bloc’s members, the new package of sanctions would also ban Russian ships from EU ports. This would exclude shipments of essentials such as agricultural and food products, and humanitarian aid and energy. Also among the proposals are further targeted export bans worth £8.3billion in sectors covering quantum computers, advanced semiconductors, sensitive machinery and transportation equipment. Von der Leyen said: ‘With this, we will continue to degrade Russia’s technological base and industrial capacity.’ She said the bloc needs to keep piling the pressure on Putin over what she described as ‘heinous crimes’ carried out around Kyiv. ‘We all saw the gruesome pictures from Bucha and other areas from which Russian troops have recently left. These atrocities cannot and will not be left unanswered,’ she added. Von der Leyen, as it’s been harder for all EU countries to reach a common consensus on how to target sources of electricity and heating. The push to reduce the continent’s reliance on Russian oil and gas comes as the continent faces soaring energy prices. Last year the EU got around 40% of its gas from Russia – meaning sanctions in this field will hit people across Europe. For Germany – the bloc’s largest economy – the proportion was 50% – so politicians in Berlin have been more hesitant to cut off Russian supplies. The UK gets less than 5% of its gas and 8% of its oil from Russia, but it is still feeling the impact of fluctuations across the global market. Nonetheless, Britain has said it will follow in the footsteps of the US, by phasing out Russian oil imports by the end of 2022 and potentially banning its natural gas too. UK Foreign Secretary Liz Truss has demanded Brussels join this commitment and set out a timetable ahead of today’s meeting with Nato and G7 members, the Telegraph reports. She said Britain had frozen £266.3billion of Putin’s war chest and made more than 60% of his £461.5 billion of foreign currency reserves unavailable. It comes as Italy, Spain and Denmark expelled dozens of Russian diplomats, suspected of carrying out espionage, following the lead of Germany and France. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov called the expulsions a ‘short-sighted’ measure that could make communication with Russia more complicated, warning they would be met with ‘reciprocal steps’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.