WWE star Tammy Sytch – also known as Sunny – was reportedly involved in a fatal car accident last month, in which a 75-year-old man died. Police suspect she was under the influence of alcohol, TMZ has reported. A crash report by Ormond Beach Police Department, Florida, reportedly shows that the accident happened at around 8:28 PM on March 25 on US Highway 1 in Volusia County. Sytch is thought to have crashed her 2012 Mercedes into the back of a 2013 Kia Sorento and then into the rear of a 2011 GMC Yukon that had also stopped at a stoplight. The driver of the vehicle she hit, identified as Julian Lafrancis Lasseter, was transported to Halifax Health Medical Center where he was pronounced dead. Witnesses reportedly said she was ‘driving at a high rate of speed’ before crashing. Sytch, 49, was also taken to the hospital but later released. Police are currently investigating whether Sytch was impaired at the time of the crash. Ormond Beach Police Chief Jesse Godfrey said (via Ormond Beach Observer): ‘Our hearts go out to the Lasseter family that lost their loved one in such a tragic event. ‘Our goal at the Ormond Beach Police Department is to keep city roadways safe, so if you see a vehicle operating in a manner that leads you to believe the driver may be impaired, please don’t hesitate to call 911. You may just save someone’s life.’ Sytch was inducted the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011 and is considered the company’s first Diva. She has faced more legal trouble recently, being arrested in January for ‘terroristic threats and weapons possession’. In February 2019, was arrested for DUI – the sixth time she’s been arrested for the charge. In July 2020, she was arrested on charges of eluding a police officer, violating a domestic violence restraining order and operating a vehicle during a second license suspension. She was released on June 9, 2021, and later that month she told WrestleZone.com: ‘I am happy to be finished with my sentence and I am anxious to start the next chapter of my life. I am healthy and happy and feel great. ‘The incident which led to this last incarceration stemmed from some major misunderstandings. However I accept responsibility and have used this time to make a better me and put my past mistakes behind me.’ She added: ‘I will take a couple months this summer and decide what my next steps are professionally and make decisions about where I’d like to live and work.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Tammy Sytch for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE Raw results, grades: Cody Rhodes reveals emotional reason for return after shock AEW exit MORE : WWE Raw: Elias looks unrecognisable after shaving beard, cutting hair and getting renamed Ezekiel 