Katie Holmes looked totally smitten as she shared a kiss with Bobby Wooten III, while on a casual stroll. The Dawson’s Creek actress, 43, has kept her love life firmly out of the spotlight in recent years – but didn’t seem to mind who got a glimpse of her outing with the musician. The mom-of-one – who shares daughter Suri with ex-husband Tom Cruise – seemed relaxed as she made the most of the sunshine with her rumored new boyfriend. She was spotted grinning widely on the outing, donning white overalls and a matching T-shirt and trainers, coupled with a blue cardigan and black sunglasses. Katie kept hold of Bobby’s hand, with the bass player going similarly low-key in a beige shirt and navy trousers, complete with a blue hoodie and sunglasses. At one point, she leaned in for a passionate kiss as they continued their journey around Central Park, with another picture obtained by People Magazine also showing them walking with their arms around each other. It is not clear how long the loved-up pair have been dating, or how they met. Bobby mostly recently performed at Coachella earlier this month, joining Carley Rae Jepson on stage as part of her band – and he previously appeared in American Utopia on Broadway before this. Katie, who also starred in Batman Begins and Dawson’s Creek, has avoided discussing her romantic life in public following her high-profile split from Tom. The former couple first started dating in 2005 and got engaged less than two months later. They welcomed daughter Suri together one year after their first date, in 2006, and tied the knot in November of that same year. However, it wasn’t to last and Katie filed for divorce in 2012, after five and a half years of marriage. Following their split, she was linked to Jamie Foxx for several years – before they called time on their romance in 2019. Most recently, the star was in a relationship with Emilio Vitolo at the end of 2020, but announced their break-up last May. ‘They split several weeks ago. There was no drama,’ a source told People at the time. ‘It was amazing while it lasted, but they are at very different places in life. Emilio has no hard feelings. His life is in NYC. ‘Katie can’t wait to get back to work and to travel again.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Katie’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selling Sunset star Mary Fitzgerald believes Christine Quinn lied about testing positive for Covid after missing reunion MORE : Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian’s relationship became too ‘dark and heavy’ to continue their reality show 