Manchester United have agreed a deal in principle with Erik ten Hag who is now primed to become the club’s new permanent manager. The Premier League club identified the 52-year-old as their No.1 target to replace interim boss Ralf Rangnick after interviewing the Ajax boss last month. Ten Hag, however, was said to hold reservations about taking over at Old Trafford and wanted a number of assurances before committing to the rebuilding project that he will now oversee. According to The Athletic, Ten Hag has now verbally agreed a four-year deal, but no official announcement will be made before the Dutch Cup final on April 17, when Ajax are scheduled to face PSV Eindhoven. Reports earlier this week claimed Ten Hag was considering a number or rival offers, including one form RB Leipzig, but the lure of United and the chance to restore them to their former glories has been too enticing a prospect. Ten Hag is also said to have requested that he gets a full say over the composition of his backroom staff and the members of his support team will be finalised imminently. Former United striker, Robin van Persie, has turned down the opportunity to rejoin his former club and is settled at Feyenoord, where he is earning his coaching badges. The the likes of Rene Meulensteen and Steve McClaren, who both served under Sir Alex Ferguson, have been linked with possible returns, as well as treble-winning defender Jaap Stam. Ten Hag ,meanwhile has already identified the conditioning of Manchester United’s players as an area of concern and wants to bring Ajax’s fitness coach, Mitchell van der Gaag, with him. United had considered the option of appointing Marucio Pochettino having twice come close to recruiting the former Tottenham manager in the past. The Argentine’s stock has fallen, however, as a consqeuence of his struggles, particularly in the Champions League, with Paris Saint-Germain, while United were unwilling to get embroiled in protracted negotiations over a compensation fee. Negotiating a deal with Ajax, by contrast, was comparatively straightforward but United are unwilling to destablise cordial relations with the Dutch club by rushing through an official announcement. MORE : Manchester United battle Tottenham to sign West Brom goalkeeper Sam Johnstone MORE : Manchester United and Chelsea ahead of Arsenal in race to sign Darwin Nunez from Benfica For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 