The horrific scenes in Bucha ‘should be a warning to us all’ amid fears ‘desperate’ Putin could resort to chemical and biological weapons, an expert has said. Russian soldiers have been accused of carrying out a massacre in the city of Bucha, where civilians showed signs of being burned, raped and tortured. Russia has called the attack ‘fake’ and claimed Ukraine ‘staged the whole thing’ after soldiers withdrew from the city on March 30. But satellite images have since revealed dead bodies lining Bucha’s streets on February 28 – before Russian troops left. As heinous as the war in Ukraine has become, experts told Metro.co.uk things will ‘get worse before they get better’. Dr Leon Hartwell is a Sotirov Fellow at the LSE Ideas foreign policy think tank, whose research specialties include conflict resolution and genocide. Although he stressed he is ‘not a military strategist’, he believes Putin’s desperation to win the war will lead to further atrocities. He said: ‘Putin cannot continue to wage the war against Ukraine in its current format as that would mean he would risk losing more troops. ‘So instead of having troops scattered, Putin will begin to concentrate them on specific cities and areas. ‘Putin will also bomb certain areas into submission – with even greater force than what we’ve seen so far. ‘I’m afraid to say he may use chemical and biological weapons against Ukrainians.’ Dr Hartwell explained Putin is resorting to such extreme ‘below the belt measures’ because ‘his leadership depends on winning this war’. ‘Taking a country into war is a big deal but losing it may cost you your presidency,’ he added. The researcher went on to argue it has been ‘humiliating’ for Putin’s military – which the Kremlin ‘has painted as unstoppable’ to be losing the war in a country Moscow ‘has painted as backward’. ‘Ukrainians know that they are fighting for their freedom and democracy, so they’re fighting with all that they’ve got,’ he said. Although this is clearly a very brave fight, Dr Hartwell believes Russia losing the war so publicly ‘has 100%’ made Putin more dangerous. Deputy head of Warwick University’s history department, Professor Christopher Mick, echoed similar thoughts. He said: ‘Putin no longer cares much how he is seen in the West. ‘His original strategy to topple the Ukrainian government, replace it with a puppet government and bring all of Ukraine under his control has failed miserably. ‘He was not even capable of taking Kyiv. He and his army are frustrated and this frustration is let out by murdering and torturing Ukrainians.’ Dr Hartwell urged western leaders to do more to help the war-torn country, saying the only alternative is to ‘idly stand by and watch Ukraine being cut up like a turkey’. Besides helping the people of Ukraine, Dr Hartwell believes ‘our response to this war will ultimately shape the international order going forward’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.