Derry Girls fans might be preparing to say goodbye to the iconic sitcom when season 3 comes to an end… but they’re in for one more surprise treat as they bid farewell to the show. While viewers thought May 17 would mark the end of the Channel 4 programme when the sixth and final episode aired, it’s been revealed that an extended episode will be coming their way afterwards – and we couldn’t be more excited! The special instalment is due to air in the same week as the season finale, running for 45 minutes long as it depicts a key moment in Northern Irish history – the Good Friday Agreement vote. Titled ‘The Agreement’, it will take place a year later as the gang prepare for their final year of school, the week that the referendum on the Good Friday Agreement took place. However, there is also another important event happening that week – Erin and Orlan’s joint 18th birthday party, which is at risk of being overshadowed by the historical vote. Lisa McGee, writer and creator of Derry Girls, said that she ‘couldn’t resist’ delivering one more outing for the fan-favourite friendship group. ‘Like all the very best 90s bands, I couldn’t resist ending our farewell tour with an encore for our loyal fans. I’m delighted to say we’ll be returning for one extended special – airing in the same week as our final episode,’ she said. ‘The special deals with the historic and momentous Good Friday Agreement vote, which coincides with the gang’s coming of age, they enter adulthood just as Northern Ireland embarks on a new future.’ Lisa said that she feels ‘so proud of this show and of our incredible cast and crew and everything we’ve achieved over the past 5 years,’ adding: ‘What a journey it’s been.’ She also expressed her gratitude to Channel 4, thanking the channel for giving her ‘the space to end the stories of these characters that mean so much to me with this special’. ‘I really hope the fans love it as much as I do,’ she said. ‘Derry people aren’t great at saying goodbye so I will instead use one of our native expressions “That’s us away now”, Love Lisa McGee, always a Derry Girl.”’ We’re emotional already. Derry Girls returns on Tuesday at 9pm on Channel 4 and is available to watch on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Derry Girls’ Nicola Coughlan felt pressure to get powerful coming out scene ‘right’: ‘It’s going to look like we’re taking the p*ss’ MORE : Derry Girls creator Lisa McGee reveals brilliant storylines that never made it to the show 