Vladimir Putin is reportedly using a lookalike to prevent a potential coup. The Daily Star says the Russian leader enlists the body double for Kremlin meetings and as a ‘decoy’ on excursions. Putin recently sacked eight top generals in anger over the slow pace of the Ukraine invasion – but now may fear an assassination attempt. The dictator’s body double is believed to live in Moscow’s presidential complex – also known as ‘Putin’s Palace’ – and has been trained ‘to walk like the Russian leader’. A source told the Star: ‘We know Putin is paranoid about his security and this move just shows how seriously his team are taking the threat against his life. ‘I would not be at all surprised if we hear in the next few months that Putin has died and the reason given will be a heart attack or a long-term illness. ‘I doubt they will admit it was an ­internal coup’. Around 15,000 Russians have died during the conflict so far. Heavy losses coupled with the deaths of senior army officials have resulted in morale plummeting among troops. Officials in America say Russia’s campaign is currently running without a central war commander on the ground. White House head of ­communications Kate Bedingfield said: ‘We have information that Putin felt misled by the Russian military which has resulted in persistent tension ­between Putin and his military leadership.’ This isn’t the first time a ‘body double’ theory has been popular online. In one interview with Russian media in 2020, Putin was asked by a reporter: ‘Are you real?’ He was also shown various internet search results for the conspiracy theory. Putin confirmed he had been offered a body double for ‘personal protection’ during the conflict in Chechnya, but that he declined the offer. Previously, the Kremlin enlisted four body doubles for Soviet leader Joseph Stalin. One of the lookalikes, dancer Felix Dadaev, told of the experience in his autobiography decades later. He explained how the men were taught how to mimic their leader’s movements and study his mannerisms. Felix wrote: ‘By the time my makeup and training were complete, I was like him in every way, except perhaps my ears. ‘They were too small’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.