A massive sculpture made out of 350 British native trees is to be erected outside Buckingham Palace to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. The 70ft structure, made up of saplings in aluminium pots ‘sprouting’ from timber-plank branches, will stand in front of the palace during the four-day bank holiday weekend in June. It will form the centrepiece of celebrations at the palace, which will also include a live concert to be held in front of 10,000 people. The ‘Tree of Trees’ sculpture has been designed by British designer Thomas Heatherwick and symbolises the planting of more than a million trees as part of the Queen’s Green Canopy (QGC). The initiative, which spans two official tree-planting seasons, has seen thousands of people planting Jubilee saplings across the UK to create a canopy of green in tribute to the monarch’s 70 years on the throne. After the jubilee, the saplings which make up the ‘Tree of Trees’ will be given to community groups and organisations in preparation for the next tree planting season in October. Royal tree-planting has long been a staple duty for the Windsors and is usually used to commemorate official visits. The Queen has planted more than 1,500 trees across the world during her reign. Mr Heatherwick, whose past designs include London’s Coal Drops Yard and office buildings for Google, said it was an ‘honour’ to work on the project. He said: ‘The structure, created from 350 British native trees and recycled steel, is coming together from workshops and nurseries across the country as one part of an incredible community campaign that’s literally changing the landscape of our nation.’ The sculpture is partly made from old surplus steel and materials are being sourced from UK suppliers to minimise transportation, energy use and waste. QGC unveiled plans for the sculpture on Friday to coincide with Earth Day. The Prince of Wales is marking the day by challenging children to draw or write about keeping the planet healthy. In a video message released by the Prince’s Foundation, Charles said: ‘Take out a blank piece of paper and draw, paint or write about the future you would like to see, one that puts nature at the heart of everything we do. ‘That way we can share our ideas with as many people as possible. ‘And together we can help make our planet strong and healthy for generations to come.’ The prince’s words are from the foreword he wrote for It’s Up To Us, a book for children explaining the Terra Carta, a roadmap to sustainability. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.