Friday’s finally here – but how will it play out? There’s a sense of urgency in the stars today, and predictions suggest the signs may need to take action fast. In order to do so Virgo, you need to believe in yourself. Meanwhile, Pisces should indulge in some self care. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, April 8, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 You’ll have fire in your words today that could encourage others, especially if they’ve been despondent. You’ll know just what to say to cheer someone up or to put their issues into a fresh perspective. Plus, the Cancer Moon and its angle to Chiron encourages a discussion that could end a difficult situation. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If you believe in something strongly you’ll find a way to accomplish it, even if others try to point out how misguided you are. Be ready to give a firm response. Have you held back from doing something that could bring you happiness? It’s time to make it a top priority. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A friend could inspire you to do something you’ve been mulling over for a while. If you’ve had your doubts, they may be the person to quash them and get you back on track. If fear is holding you back, this is the time to take your courage in your hands. Once you do, confidence will increase. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You have the ability, you just need to make a commitment to doing something that might make a positive difference. Have a big goal? Don’t waver! Instead, see yourself accomplishing all you set out to do. A positive image of what you want to achieve will motivate you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Ignore what you think you should be doing and you’ll be free to pursue what you want. If someone has a plan and you don’t want to go along with it, then don’t. Your spontaneous side will show up today and you won’t want to be in any situation that could be unfulfilling and boring. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Succeed at one thing and you’ll feel more confident that you can win at the next. A sassy line-up encourages you to be bold and tackle something that may be just out of your comfort zone. You have so much going for you. You also have the determination to make it happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Need someone to spur you on? You may get more than you bargained for if you ask for help. Prepare for a motivational speech that leaves you with little choice but to go ahead. You’ll be glad you did – the upshot may be that something goes better than you imagined and next time you’ll aim higher. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 An idea may be buzzing in your head and you won’t be able to forget it until you do something about it. It might be to do with adopting a healthier lifestyle. It has to be doable, though. If you put too much pressure on yourself, you’ll never keep it up. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A conversation could inspire you to have a go at an activity you’ll take to naturally. It might be a sport, creative venture or something else. If you needed a pep talk, you’ll certainly get it. It may even set you off on an adventure concerning a lively interest that can become all-consuming. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You may have an idea to start a home business. If you want to start a side hustle then an exciting thought that occurs to you could push you into action. If you work at this steadily then there’s a good chance you’ll achieve your financial goals and be very pleased with yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may hear something that gets you enthusiastic about trying an experience. Be warned, though, a flicker of interest could well become a flame that turns into a burning passion. If your intuition sends you a signal that you really should do this, then go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If you haven’t treated yourself for a long time then why not do it today? Whether it’s a spa treatment or a special item you’ve been coveting for some time, or something else you’ve longed for, why not give in and go for it? If you’re celebrating an achievement, then don’t hold back. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness