Nestled between a shop and another house sits what could be your future home. It’s on the market for £325,000, has ‘charming character’, and is located in the pretty seaside town of Broadstairs, in Kent. Waiting for the catch? Here it is: the house is on the skinny side, at just 8ft wide at the front. There is a little more wiggle room towards the back, as the property widens out slightly in the kitchen, but you’ll need to be okay with a bit of a squeeze in the living room (maybe double check the measurements of your sofa) and one of the bedrooms. Despite its narrow appearance, the house fits quite a bit in. There are three bedrooms to choose from, plus a lounge, a kitchen, a bathroom, and a basement. Plus, there’s a terraced courtyard, so if you do feel claustrophobic you can just pop outside for a bit. Okay, ready for the other catch? This one’s a little easier to get (or paint) over. The Miles and Barr listing reveals that the previous owners have quite a distinctive decor style, which is a polite way of saying that they seem to really like sticking slogans on walls. In the living room you can spy the inspiring messages: ‘Dare to dream without limits’, ‘wish for the stars and moon’, and ‘believe in yourself’. In the bathroom, the tiles instruct you to ‘relax, refresh, revive’, while also joyfully declaring: ‘splish, splash, I’m taking a bath’. Then as you head up the stairs, an inspiring message: ‘laugh beyond words’. Beautiful. The listing reads: ‘This property is ideal for buyers who are looking to be close to local schools, amenities and transport links. ‘Internally the property comprises of a lounge through to the kitchen with stairs leading down to a basement which has been decorated and is perfect for variety of uses. ‘On the first floor the hallway boasts a beautiful, exposed feature brick wall. You will also find a family bathroom and the main bedroom. ‘On the second floor you will find two further bedrooms. To the rear of the property is a courtyard with back access. ‘In our opinion this charming character property is perfect for a range of buyers and will not stick around for long.’ Indeed. If you fancy putting in an offer or arranging a viewing, you can find out more through the listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple transform run-down kitchen with DIY shelves made out of an old headboard MORE : What I Rent: Mima, £695 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Folkestone, Kent MORE : Woman transforms hallway with colourful DIY makeover – using just three items