Veteran actor Nicolas Cage stepped out at the premiere for his forthcoming movie The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent while joined by his pregnant wife, Riko Shibata. Oscar-winning Nicolas, 58, attended the event at the Regal Essex Crossing in New York City at the weekend, wearing an eye-catching black velvet suit, a button-down, and some loafers. Meanwhile, his 27-year-old pregnant wife, who he wed at the Wynn Casino and Hotel in Las Vegas in 2021, looked stunning in a kimono-inspired dress, adorned with purple flowers and stripes. Riko, whose baby bump was cleverly disguised under her gorgeous outfit, also carried a silk handbag, while she wore some traditional Japanese-style shoes over white socks. Her long dark hair was pinned back in an eye-catching and sleek up-do. In January, the couple’s baby news was confirmed, with a representative for the couple telling People magazine: ‘The parents-to-be are elated!’ The couple also recently revealed to GQ magazine that they’ve already picked out their future baby’s name: Akira Francesco, if it’s a girl, and Lennon Augie, for a boy. Speaking to the publication, Nicolas said: ‘Augie was my father’s nickname. And my uncle [Francis Ford Coppola] has decided to change his name to Francesco,’ he told the outlet. ’I think it’s so sweet. It’s like a little edamame. A little bean,’ he said of his baby-to-be, while looking at a two-month ultrasound on his phone. It will be the actor’s third child as he is already father to sons Kal-El Coppola, 16, and Weston Coppola, 31, from previous relationships. Riko is Nicolas’ fifth wife: was previously married to Patricia Arquette, Lisa Marie Presley, Alice Kim and Erika Koike. During the screening, Nicolas and Riko mingled with The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent co-stars, including Pedro Pascal, Lily Sheen and Neil Patrick Harris. Lily, 23, who is the daughter of Kate Beckinsale and her ex Michael Sheen, looked beautiful in a green off-shoulder gown, while her golden hair was in loose waves. Neil, 48, looked classically dapper in a black tuxedo with a white dress shirt. The Tony Award-winning actor, who’s best known for his television roles in shows including How I Met Your Mother, opted to wear his shirt loose, and finished off his outfit with some black shoes. The highly-anticipated action comedy scored rave reviews at SXSW in Texas last month, with many calling it Nicolas’ ‘best ever’ performance. After its premiere, it also achieved a rating on film review site Rotten Tomatoes of 100% – a rare feat! The film is slated to appear in movie theatres in the UK from April 22, and it centres on a version of Nicolas playing himself, when he comes against financial troubles. The Hollywood actor stars as a fictionalised version of himself (because who else could do him justice?) in the comedy action flick, as he’s offered $1million (£765,000) to appear at the birthday party of a superfan, played by Pedro. The Unbearable Weight of Massive Talent is out in UK cinemas April 22. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham fawns over ‘beautiful bride’ Nicola Peltz while David and Victoria welcome bride to family MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz look stunning in first wedding photos after tying the knot in $3,000,000 ceremony 