A Tory MP who came out as trans last month has urged young people struggling with gender dysphoria not to ‘wait as long as I’ve waited’. Jamie Wallis became the first openly transgender parliamentarian in British history when he revealed he was setting out to transition. The 37-year-old also said he was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) after being raped by someone he was dating and blackmailed for £50,000 by another individual threatening to publicly out him. Speaking to Sky News’ Sophy Ridge on Sunday, he said ‘a part of me died’ in the assault, which left him feeling ’empty’ and suffering flashbacks. In the tell-all interview, he said he ‘wouldn’t wait as long as I’ve waited’ but there was ‘nothing wrong with just taking some time and discovering yourself’. ‘But when you know who you are, you are ready and you want to tell the world, there are people like myself who are waiting and we’re welcoming, we’re friendly and we’re here to help and support.’ Asked why he feels he is a woman, he explained: ‘I have gender dysphoria… that is the medical diagnosis that is required for a legal change of gender but it is also the condition that describes that lack of reconciliation between what you look like and what your body says and how you feel on the inside. ‘I don’t feel as though my body is reflective of who I am on the inside.’ Mr Wallis said he had begun struggling with his gender identity at around eight years old – before the arrival of the internet showed him there were others like him – and felt like he was a ‘mistake’. ‘I remember being eight and trying to work out whether there were other people out there that might feel like this. ‘I came to the wrong conclusion, at the time I thought it was just me and that maybe there was some horrible mistake or something that had gone very wrong. Mr Wallis, who said he still wants to be referred to using ‘he’ or ‘him’ until later in his transition, added: ‘As I got older and I started to learn a little bit more about this issue and that moment when you realise it isn’t just you, that moment isn’t just a revelation, it is exciting and terrifying at the same time. The MP for Bridgend, Wales, said he had spent his adult life trying to ‘become this person that I thought I should have been’, but in 2021, ‘woke up one day and I realised actually I am no longer ashamed’. Asked about his experience of rape, he added: ‘I met someone that I liked and things started off quite well. ‘Then I was not okay with not being what I consider to be responsible and safe practice in the bedroom, so I withdrew consent and then there was… then he just decided that he was going to do it anyway and I was powerless to stop him and in that moment a part of me died and I have been trying to get it back ever since. ‘I tried to forget about it for a few weeks and it almost worked, almost worked but then you start getting nightmares, flashbacks, it starts occupying every one of your thoughts and you find yourself just staring off into the distance because you’re thinking about it again and that’s when I chose to get some help. ‘Like I said in my statement, I’m not okay, I’m not the person I was before that happened but I am at least in a place where I can get on with my life whilst I am dealing with it.’ Asked what he would say to a young person grappling with their gender identity, he said: ‘I waited and a lot of young people right now I think are dealing with gender issues and my advice to them would be, you’ve got a long life. “I wouldn’t wait as long as I’ve waited, I’m 37 – maybe you can move a little bit quicker than that – but actually there’s absolutely nothing wrong with just taking some time and discovering yourself and don’t feel rushed to pick up a label or view it in any way. “But when you know who you are and you are ready and you want to tell the world and assert that, there are people like myself here that are waiting and we’re welcoming, we’re friendly and we’re here to help and support.” Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.