Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has outlined a list of extraordinary demands to Paris Saint-Germain’s hierarchy if he is to take over at the club, according to reports in France. Despite securing the Ligue 1 title over the weekend, Mauricio Pochettino has struggled to win over supporters and is set to be axed before the end of the season. There have been significant question marks over the Argentine’s future in the French capital for some time, but the team’s implosion against Real Madrid at the Bernabeu in the Champions League accelerated his departure. Reports emerged on Sunday claiming PSG had made Zinedine Zidane their preferred target to replace Pochettino, though Conte has also offered his services to the club. The Italian coach joined Tottenham in November and has managed to get a club in turmoil back to competing for a place in the Champions League in the space of just a few months. But he has repeatedly prompted doubts over his long-term future at the club, even suggesting he would walk away from Spurs during a particularly bad winless run, while his contract only lasts until 2023. According to French radio station RMC Sport, Conte would be very interested in taking over at the Parc des Princes – but he has a list of very demanding conditions PSG must agree to. The first, and perhaps biggest, of his demands comes down to salary, with the former Inter boss asking to almost double his wages to a whopping €30million (£25.2m) per year. That is significantly more than the £14m-a-year deal he is currently on at Tottenham and would rank him only behind Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone as the second best-paid manager in the world. In addition to that, and conscious of how tricky life can be at PSG, Conte would like to bring his entire coaching staff with him and only wants to work with people he has chosen – and that includes picking his own sporting director. There have been suggestions current sporting director Leonardo will follow Pochettino in leaving Paris at the end of the season, with the Brazilian also the subject of fans’ ire, and Conte is keen for ex-Roma director Gianluca Petrachi to replace him. Conte would want to ship out a host of PSG’s players and reshape the squad in his image, exerting more control over transfers than any of the club’s previous managers over the past decade. The Italian even wants to appoint staff to oversee the players and their use of social media, feeling that the current PSG dressing room lacks discipline and are too focused on their Instagram pages, and he would expect to have the complete backing of PSG’s hierarchy as he looks to change the culture at the club. Spurs chairman Daniel Levy, meanwhile, would not want to lose Conte this summer and has been impressed with his work at the club so far, though he is also tempted by the possibility of bringing Pochettino back to north London should PSG manage to prise Conte away. MORE : Paris Saint-Germain set to sack Mauricio Pochettino after Ligue 1 title win MORE : Paris Saint-Germain make Zinedine Zidane their top target to replace Mauricio Pochettino For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 