The disappearance of a missing mum is now being treated as murder with only a ‘slim hope’ she is alive, police said. There are fears for Katie Kenyon, 33, who vanished after being spotted leaving a Burnley house with a man nearly five days ago. More than 60 specialist search officers from four police forces are scouring a rural beauty spot in Lancashire . A 50-year-old man who is being questioned on suspicion of kidnap has been further arrested on suspicion of murder. Detectives are set to ask magistrates for further time to quiz the suspect, who is said to be known to Katie. Katie was last seen climbing into a silver Ford Transit van. A family friend has described living in a ‘real life nightmare’ and begged for help in getting the ‘beautiful’ mother home. Her two children are ‘missing her and love her’, they told The Sun. A picture of the van, which has the number plate MT57 FLC, has been released after it was seen travelling to the Bolton by Bowland area. Police, mountain rescue teams and fire crews have been combing Gisburn Forest in Lancashire following Katie’s disappearance around 9.30am on Friday. Sarah, Katie’s sister, said the situation is ‘breaking us all’ and thanked the public for their support. ‘It is now a waiting game, we have done everything we can, searched everywhere, contacted everyone’, she said. In another emotional post after the murder investigation was launched, she expressed her hope that Katie was still alive and begged people to come forward with any information. Sarah wrote: ‘Can me and my family please ask people to STOP saying rest in peace! ‘They have not found a body! They have not charged him with murder! They have arrested him on suspicion on murder! WE ARE STILL SEARCHING for our Katie! ‘She’s out there somewhere and we still need people to come forward with ANY information, big or small! This is absolutely heartbreaking for us.’ Her other sister Jenny has described it as ‘very unusual and out of character for Katie’. ‘Nothing adds up and we are all concerned for her and her whereabouts’, she added. A neighbour named Christine Marshall, 62, described the mum as someone who ‘doted’ on her children. She said: ‘For her, the kids come first and they must feel terrible at the moment. I just hope the police find her soon.’ Katie is described as 5ft 9in with shoulder-length strawberry blonde or ginger highlighted hair. She was last seen wearing a blue shirt and white vest top, black leggings and flip flops. Police say they are ‘increasingly concerned’ over her disappearance. Detective Superintendent Gary Brooks said: ‘While I hold some slim hope that Katie may still be found alive I’m sad to say that Katie has now been missing for over four days. ‘Despite extensive police enquiries and media appeals we have not found Katie nor have there been any sightings of Katie. ‘We have spoken to Katie’s family today and they are understandably extremely upset by this latest development and I have officers continuing to offer them support. My thoughts are with them at this time. ‘I am really grateful for all the help that members of the public have given us so far and I would continue to appeal to anyone who has any information, however small, to come forward and speak to us. ‘While we do have someone under arrest our enquiries are very much ongoing.’ The police officer said searches will continue in a different number of locations, including at Gisburn Forest. Colleagues from Merseyside and North Wales are offering assistance with the searches. Officers have urged people not to conduct their own searches for fear they may accidentally trample on evidence. Superintendent Brooks said: ‘I am aware that many members of the public have offered to help us in those searches and while I am grateful for that I would dissuade anyone from doing so. The area we are searching is very large and remote with no phone signal. ‘The police teams are trained professionals who are used to doing this sort of work and I would hate for someone to get lost or come to harm while trying to help. Please leave it to us.’ Earlier, Detective Chief Inspector Al Davies said: ‘We continue to be extremely concerned about Katie and we have a large team who are working hard to try and find out what has happened to her. ‘I am keeping an open mind about what has happened to her but my concern obviously grows as time goes by. ‘I would appeal again to anyone who was in the Bolton by Bowland area on Friday and saw anything suspicious to get in touch, especially if they saw the silver van or Katie alone or in company.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.