Ryan Reynolds showed his jubilation after Wrexham AFC made it to the FA Trophy at Wembley by rushing on to the pitch to hug the goal-scoring hero who sealed their fate. The Hollywood star, who co-owns Wrexham with It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia actor Rob McElhenney, was seen fist-pumping triumphantly and applauding in the box and tipped his cap at delighted fans as his club won their semi-final against rivals Stockport County. The major cup competition exclusively for non-league clubs ended in nail-biting fashion at Wrexham’s Racecourse Ground stadium after player Paul Mullin broke the 0-0 tie by scoring in the 91st minute. He then further assured the team’s victory by making it 2-0 just two minutes later. The Adam Project star Ryan, who recently pledged to match up to $1million (£762,000) in donations made to the United Nations Refugee Agency for Ukraine alongside wife Blake Lively, then made his way onto the pitch to congratulate Mullin in person after chants of ‘There’s only one Ryan Reynolds’ rang around the stadium. He later tweeted: ‘Seeing this in person was a top ten life moment for me. Thank you, @Wrexham_AFC.’ After the match, co-owner Rob posted: ‘Fomo is real. See you at Wembley @VancityReynolds @Wrexham_AFC !!!!!!!!!!’ Saturday’s victory for Wrexham has set up a final against Bromley at the famous Wembley Stadium on May 22. Wrexham’s last appearance at the FA Trophy final was in 2015, when they lost on penalties to North Ferribly United. They also won the title in 2013 after beating Grimsby on penalties. In January, generous Ryan and Rob donated £10,000 to a fundraising page set up by Wrexham player Jordan Davies after he and his partner Kelsey lost their newborn son Arthur on December 14. The fundraiser initially had a target of £1,500 for Sands UK (Stillbirth & Neonatal Death Society), but the Hollywood pair – who bought the Vanarama National League club in November 2020 – made a generous donation. They simply wrote: ‘Rob, Kaitlin, Ryan and Blake For Arthur. (sic)’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coronation Street’s Simon Gregson ‘asked to leave club’ after dancing topless on tables MORE : Saturday Night Live viewers in tears over touching tribute to late Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins: ‘That warmed my heart’ 