Brits are in for some warm and sunny spells this Bank Holiday weekend as families make a quick dash for a well-deserved break. The mercury could hit 17°C in the south of England on Monday, and winds are expected to remain light for most, the Met Office predicts. Throughout the weekend, temperatures are likely to be handing around the mid teens with plenty of sunshine across much of the country. But those of you with hayfever should watch out, as the pollen count is expected to be high this weekend – particularly on the Bank Holiday Monday. This month has been drier than usual, particularly in the South, where rain levels have been around 30% lower than usual. However it will be a bit more of a mixed picture for the North, where people are more likely to experience cloudy conditions and light scattered showers, forecasters add. Met Office Deputy Chief Meteorologist David Oliver said: ‘It is a different mix of weather this bank holiday weekend after what has been a largely settled week for the UK. ‘The high-pressure that has been dominating the UK in recent days will move away to the south, allowing a low-pressure system to move in from the northwest. ‘This will bring with it some more unsettled weather with showers or some longer spells of rain across the north on Saturday and then southern areas on Sunday. ‘A good deal of dry weather is expected on Monday with most areas only seeing some isolated showers and mild temperatures, widely in the mid-teens.’ Traffic jams have been building up in London today as people try to escape the capital for a weekend getaway somewhere quieter. Meanwhile huge queues have been forming at Manchester Airport as staff face a massive surge in demand. With Covid rules now lifted, many people are looking to fly away this year after a torrid couple of years. There was so much disarray at Manchester Airport around the start of April that calls were made for the police to intervene. Travellers reported waiting hours to get their suitcases, while others said queues for security were merging with the line for check-in. After a chaotic Easter Bank Holiday weekend, the airport’s chief executive Karen Smart to the decision to resign. Other airports including Heathrow have also been experiencing chaos and delayed flights – partly due to increased demand and also because of a surge of Covid cases among airline staff. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.