Thandiwe Newton’s estranged husband Ol Parker has been spotted for the first time since reports of their split broke. It was claimed earlier this week that Thandiwe, 49, and Ol, 52, had ended their marriage after 24 years. The news also followed confirmation that the Westworld actress had pulled out of her role in Magic Mike 3 due to ‘family matters’. On Monday, Mamma Mia director Ol was seen emerging from his home in London and didn’t appear to be wearing his wedding ring as he opened his car door. Thandiwe hasn’t been seen out and about since the reports broke but she did share a cryptic post to Instagram before deleting it. The image is said to have featured vintage lingerie emblazoned with the words: ‘I wonder why we take from our women. ‘Why we rape our women? Do we hate our women?’ The lyrics in question come from Tupac Shakur’s 1993 song Keep Ya Head Up, while the lingerie comes from Zoe Buckman’s Every Curve exhibit. Thandiwe and Ol married in 1998 and they share three children; Ripley, 21, Nico, 17, and Booker, eight. Sharing news of their split, a source told Page Six: ‘There is a lot going on in her personal life, she and her husband have separated. ‘She seemed so stressed, she even brought her two pet rabbits to her hotel for emotional support.’ The previous week, a Warner Warner Bros spokesperson confirmed Thandiwe was bowing out of Magic Mike 3 due to personal reasons. They said in a statement: ‘Thandiwe Newton has made the difficult decision to step away from the production of Warner Bros Pictures’ Magic Mike’s Last Dance to deal with family matters.’ A rep for Thandiwe previously slammed claims that she quit the project due to a major row with the film’s lead star Channing Tatum. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Thandiwe Newton shares cryptic message after ‘splitting from Ol Parker after 24 years of marriage’ MORE : Thandiwe Newton ‘splits from husband Ol Parker’ following 24 years of marriage and days after quitting Magic Mike due to ‘family matters’ 