At least six people have been killed and ten were left injured after a gunman opened fire in Sacramento. Shocking footage circulating on Twitter showed people running through the streets as the sound of rapid gunfire is heard in the background. A manhunt is underway in the Californian city, with Police confirming they are searching for at least one suspect. Multiple ambulances were scrambled to the scene in downtown earlier this morning. Few details have been released by the police so far, although officers confirmed a ‘large police presence will remain and the scene remains active.’ Residents were asked to avoid the area – packed with restaurants and bars – that leads to the Golden One Center, where the Sacramento Kings play basketball. Berry Accius, a community activist, said he came to downtown shortly after the shooting happened. He explained: ‘The first thing I saw was like victims. I saw a young girl with a whole bunch of blood in her body, a girl taking off glass from her, a young girl screaming saying, “They killed my sister.” ‘A mother running up, “Where’s my son, has my son been shot?”’ he continued. ‘You know, commotion, trauma. It’s just a lot of things that, you know, you don’t want to see.’ Sacramento Police Chief Kathy Lester said at a news conference that police were patrolling the area at about 2am when they heard gunfire. She said officers found a large crowd and six people dead, while ten more have taken themselves to hospital. Ms Lester described the scene as ‘very complex and complicated’ and said she the authorities did not yet know if more than one perpetrator. The public have been urged to come forward with information and any recordings of the incident. Kay Harris, 32, said she was asleep when one of her family members called to say they thought her brother had been killed. She said she thought he was at London, a nightclub at 1009 10th Street. Ms Harris described the club as a place for ‘the younger crowd.’ Police have closed the streets around the venue. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.