Dominic Cummings has branded the prime minister a ‘sociopathic narcissist’ over his handling of partygate in another scathing blog post about No 10. The former Downing Street adviser said it was ‘deeply contemptible’ Boris Johnson has allowed the reputations of junior civil servants to be tarnished over the ongoing investigation into alleged parties held in Whitehall during the Covid pandemic. The first fines for breaches of lockdown rules were said to have been delivered on Friday, with the recipients believed to be junior civil servants. Yet Cummings argues the staff members have been used as a scapegoat and a means to detract attention away from the prime minister and his close aides with whom the responsibility for the gatherings lay with. ‘It is deeply, deeply contemptible that not just the prime minister but senior civil servants have allowed such people to have their reputations attacked in order to protect the sociopathic narcissist squatting in the No 10 flat,’ he wrote in a blog post. He claimed everyone close to Mr Johnson knew he ‘encouraged media attacks’ on the junior members of staff to divert attention from he and his wife Carrie Johnson’s own breaking of social distancing rules. Everyone who is ‘propping up’ the prime minister should feel ashamed, he added, insisting some ‘very senior officials have turned a blind eye’. He called for each and every one of them to resign, or failing that, to be ‘swept out’ of the Cabinet Office and Downing Street by Mr Johnson’s successor. ‘Ministers should realise they will have to defend their defence of the sociopath for the rest of their lives. Their last chance to escape this shame is to resign over the next 12 weeks,’ he said. The first tranche of the fixed penalty notices is thought to be in regards to a leaving do for Number 10 private secretary Hannah Young which was held in the Cabinet Office in June 2020. Mr Cummings maintained some of the staff to have received fixed penalty notices over partygate were ‘young women who were essentially told to attend’. The gathering was both organised and attended by the prime minister’s principal private secretary Martin Reynolds who has since been ‘shuffled off to a plum diplomatic post’, he added. ‘[Mr Reynolds] was responsible for ensuring that events in No 10 were consistent not just with the rules but with basic ethical standards. He is the person to whom I and others said in May “this BYOB event should not happen”,’ Mr Cummings wrote. Metro Online has approached Downing Street for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.