A Conservative MP who allegedly watched pornography on his phone in the Commons should be expelled from the party, a minister has said. The Government chief whip has launched an investigation after shocking allegations about the unnamed man surfaced yesterday. The MP, thought to be a frontbencher, was sitting next to an alarmed female minister when the adult video, it is claimed. It comes after around a dozen female Tory members shared stories of sexism and harassment they’d experienced in Westminster. At the meeting – described by one attendee as a ‘blood-letting’, there were ‘audible gasps’ as one minister said she spotted the Tory MP watching porn. The Commons meeting of around 40 to 50 female Conservative MPs, known as the 2022 group, was attended by Government chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris. He vowed to ‘take action’ and is now investigating the allegations, which could see the culprit losing his job, the Mirror reports. The chief whip said the claim would be referred to Parliament’s Independent Complaints and Grievance Scheme, the watchdog set up in light of the #MeToo movement. Rachel Maclean, the minister responsible for safeguarding women, said the alleged behaviour was ‘shocking and unacceptable’, adding that there should be no place for it in the party or in Parliament. She was at the meeting of female MPs and said everyone present had been ‘shocked and horrified’ at what they were hearing. Appearing on Sky News’ The Take With Sophy Ridge, she said: ‘It’s just gruesome. ‘I’m the minister responsible for safeguarding women and for creating laws which protect women against sexual harassment and violence against women and girls so it is deeply sickening and disgusting to hear that a male MP is watching porn. ‘Action needs to be taken and I very much hope … we will see him out of Parliament, out of the party. I hope that’s where we get to. ‘Of course, we have to hear the full facts of the case, we’ve only heard one side of the story, but that is already starting to happen. ‘It is completely and utterly shocking and unacceptable. There is no place for this in our party.’ Maclean added that she did not know the identity of the MP at the centre of the allegations, who is unlikely to be named for at least several months. Tory party chairman Oliver Dowden and Commons Leader Mark Spencer were also thought to have attended the meeting. It follows reports that 56 MPs, including three Cabinet ministers, are facing allegations of sexual misconduct referred to the Independent Complaints and Grievances Scheme. The Tories are also facing outrage over ‘sexist’ and disputed claims from unnamed MPs who said deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner tried to distract Boris Johnson with her legs during Prime Minister’s Questions. The PM told the Commons ‘sexual harassment is intolerable’ and ‘of course it is grounds for dismissal’ when asked about the 56 MPs. His aides insisted the Tory party does not have a problem with misogyny and sexism. Not only did she say the claims about her were ‘desperate’ and ‘perverted’, she also said they were ‘steeped in classism’. The Prime Minister’s press secretary said: ‘You will have heard the PM address this explicitly in Parliament today and over the last few days, saying there is absolutely no place for such behaviour and this cannot be tolerated in any workplace.’ A Conservative whips’ office spokeswoman said: ‘The chief whip is looking into this matter. This behaviour is wholly unacceptable and action will be taken.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.