Labour say Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak must both quit after accusing them of repeatedly lying to the public and breaking the law. The Prime Minister and Chancellor have been fined by police in an unprecedented development following the partygate scandal. Immediately after the explosive development, Labour’s Sir Keir Starmer told the pair: ‘Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak have broken the law and repeatedly lied to the British public. ‘They must both resign. ‘The Conservatives are totally unfit to govern. Britain deserves better.’ Mr Johnson is the first sitting Prime Minister in history to have broken the law and will now face a chorus of calls to step down, with Scotland’s First Minister also calling for his head. But MPs are currently in recess, meaning they will not be able to respond to the claims for another week, thanks to the timing of the Metropolitan Police’s fine. Mr Sunak had been seen as one of the favourites to replace him, but the millionaire chancellor has endured a damaging week of scrutiny on his and his even wealthier wife’s tax affairs. Ahead of the Met Police’s decision to fine the pair – with the PM reprimanded for  a gathering in the Cabinet Room on his birthday on June 19 2020 – Mr Johnson had already been urged to resign by politicians from across the political spectrum. He repeatedly insisted in the House of Commons that no rules had been broken and that he was not aware of any parties in his own house and workplace. The explosive confirmation that he was in fact at the parties will only further fuel calls for him to step aside, with further fines still possible. In December, when video of No 10 staff laughing about one party emerged, he had told the Commons: ‘I can understand how infuriating it must be to think that the people who have been setting the rules have not been following the rules… because I was also furious to see that clip. ‘I repeat that I have been repeatedly assured since these allegations emerged that there was no party and that no Covid rules were broken. ‘It goes without saying that if those rules were broken then there will be disciplinary action for all those involved.’ Mr Sunak has also told the House of Commons that he did not attend any parties. The ministerial code states that ministers who ‘knowingly mislead Parliament will be expected to offer their resignation to the Prime Minister’. Meanwhile, Mr Johnson’s wife Carrie has also been fined, reports suggest. But the Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross suggested now is not the time to unseat the PM. The North Thanet MP Sir Roger Gale agreed, adding: ‘It’s serious of course. My position remains that the fact that the Prime Minister has effectively misled the House of Commons is a very serious issue indeed, but we are in the middle of an international crisis and I am not prepared to give Vladimir Putin the comfort of thinking that we are about to unseat the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and destabilise the coalition against Putin. ‘So any reaction to this is going to have to wait until we have dealt with the main crisis which is Ukraine and the Donbas.’ But there is precedent for the UK changing its leader in times of crisis. Mr Johnson’s idol, Sir Winston Churchill, became Prime Minister part way through the Second World War. The news also comes ahead of May’s local elections, which could be hugely damaging for the Conservatives – making MPs again consider Mr Johnson’s position. Meanwhile, Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland’s First Minister, tweeted: ‘Boris Johnson must resign. He broke the law and repeatedly lied to parliament about it. ‘The basic values of integrity and decency – essential to the proper working of any parliamentary democracy – demand that he go. ‘And he should take his out of touch Chancellor with him.’ The leader of the Liberal Democrats, Ed Davey, has also told the PM to go. On Monday, a Conservative MP was convicted of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy, before one of his colleagues defended him and branded the verdict a ‘dreadful miscarriage of justice’ and an ‘international scandal’. He later retracted the comments after a major backlash. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Alison Hammond hits out at Boris Johnson as more fines issued over partygate: ‘People will never forget that pain’