A dad who left his 14-week-old daughter with fractures all over her body and a catastrophic brain injury has been jailed over her death. Eleanor Easey was found to be malnourished after being fed custard cream biscuits and lemon cheesecake and being left home alone. Christopher Easey, 31, has been jailed for 14 years, after shaking his infant daughter to death. Jurors cleared the father of murder but instead convicted him of manslaughter and neglect. The baby’s mum Carly Easey, 36, was handed a 12 month community order after being found guilty of one count of neglect. Eleanor was found by pathologists to have sustained a catastrophic brain injury ‘consistent with having been violently shaken’, the court heard. Jurors rejected her dad’s account that he dropped her on her head ‘having been distracted by he dogs barking’. Judge Mr Justice Edward Murray was ‘sure’ Easey was the one who ‘inflicted all the serious injuries’ – including 31 rib fractures and five further fractures on Eleanor’s limbs. He said the girl’s mother ‘didn’t know’ her husband was injuring their baby and had done so ‘on multiple occasions’. A post-mortem revealed that Eleanor was poorly nourished, had a prominent ribcage and reduced muscle bulk in her limbs. The judge said both parents had ‘at times given her diluted squash to drink instead of milk’, and described it as ‘wholly inappropriate’ that she was given a lick of a custard cream biscuit. He said both parents had ‘abandoned’ Eleanor ‘on at least one occasion for a significant time’. Mitigating for Carly Easey, Elizabeth Marsh QC, said Eleanor ‘was killed through no action or inaction’ by her mother. ‘She feels extreme guilty for failing to protect her baby from the man who deceived her,’ the lawyer added. Representing Christopher Easey, Sally O’Neill QC described her client as a ‘very inexperienced father’ and said he will carry what he did ‘to his grave’. Eleanor was taken to hospital on December 18, 2019 after being found unresponsive at home. A scan showed she had a significant head injury and recent bleeding between her skull and brain. She was later transferred from hospital in Norwich to Addenbrooke’s Hospital in Cambridge. Doctors confirmed she had suffered a catastrophic brain injury, and she died on December 20, 2019. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.