Preparations for Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s wedding are well and truly underway with large marquees now erected at the venue. The smitten couple will be tying the knot at Nicola’s sprawling family home in Palm Beach, Florida on Saturday. Brooklyn has been joined by his parents, David and Victoria Beckham, and siblings who jetted into the sunshine state last week ahead of his and Nicola’s big day. On Tuesday, white marquees were pictured on the grounds of billionairess Nicola’s family home, which is said to be worth a staggering $76million (£58m), while security was seen patrolling the estate with German Shepherd guard dogs. The marquees are positioned right by the beach and are so generous in size that they almost dwarf the actual mansion, which is owned by Nicola’s billionaire father Nelson Peltz. The oceanfront property spans an impressive 44,000sq ft and will welcome Brooklyn and Nicola’s loved ones, including celebrity guests such as Gordon Ramsay, Eva Longoria, Marc Anthony, Mel B and David Furnish, with the latter reportedly attending without husband Sir Elton John – Brooklyn’s godfather – due to the singer being on tour. Brooklyn, 23, and Nicola, 27, who got engaged in July 2020, are reportedly splurging a cool $3m on their lavish wedding. The couple have decided to take care of their respective fortunes by signing what has been reported as an ‘epic prenuptial agreement.’ The Beckham parents David and Victoria have over $498m (£381m) in the bank, but the financial agreement will also protect Nicola, whose father has an estimated net worth of $1.7bn (£1.3bn) – three times more than the Beckhams. As for the big wedding dress, there won’t be just one, of course, as Nicola previously confirmed that she will be wearing a selection of Valentino gowns on the big day. Speaking to CR Fashion Handbook, the Bates Motel actress discussed how she was working closely with Valentino’s Pierpaolo Piccioli to create her bridal looks and had been to Rome twice to choose all the details with her family, saying it was ‘a beautiful thing to be a part of and it’s very exciting’. Guests will reportedly be entertained by the one and only Snoop Dogg who is set to DJ at the reception, but there’s set to be an even bigger appearance in terms of musical guests, as reports claim the Spice Girls are set to reunite for the special day. Making it a family affair, it’s understood Brooklyn’s brothers, Romeo and Cruz, will act as best men with Harper set to be a bridesmaid. One of Nicola’s older brothers, ice hockey player Brad Peltz, will also be the man of honour. Father of the broom David Beckham will be Master of Ceremonies, and is expected to give a short speech. The wedding will also follow Jewish customs. The couple confirmed in a video for Vogue that it will be a ‘Jewish wedding’, with Brooklyn revealing, ‘I’m wearing a yarmulke.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicola Peltz reveals Brooklyn Beckham has finally met her best friend days before their wedding MORE : Everything we know about Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s lavish and star-studded wedding 