A charity worker and her friends were scammed out of £3,000 when she tried to book a chic villa in Ibiza via Airbnb. Hannah Jones fell victim to a fraud where the perpetrator dupes the customer into making a payment away from the travel platform. She told Metro.co.uk that Airbnb has been ‘absolutely useless’ and denied her a refund or compensation despite the initial bogus listing for the 10-bedroom property and outdoor pool being advertised on its site. The 26-year-old, from Brixton, South London, made the booking on behalf of her group of 10 for a girls’ holiday after the host, ‘Anna’, appeared to check out, with 31 reviews including glowing recommendations. She paid for seven nights in July after the fraudster emailed her a link to what she now believes was a mirror page for the Airbnb website. Ms Jones said: ‘The villa looked gorgeous and almost too good to be true, which is how it turned out. ‘I found the listing on Airbnb and in the description it said to contact the host directly for more information about availability. ‘I’ve used Airbnb before and that’s quite a normal thing to do. ‘I swapped emails with the host and they replied with a booking link, which it turns out was to a fake page replicating the Airbnb website. ‘It looked exactly the same but it had been recreated, even the links at the bottom went to the Airbnb home page. There was nothing to make you think there was anything out of the ordinary.’ The prospective holidaymaker was alarmed not to receive any responses from the advertiser after making the payment and the pages quickly vanished. ‘I contacted Airbnb within an hour as I was panicking because I’d just sent £3,000 to a scam listing,’ she said. ‘They were absolutely useless. They said they had no recollection of my booking and the original listing had been removed from the Airbnb website. That’s when I realised I had paid via a fake platform. ‘When I initially told them what had happened the guy on the phone laughed and said he was so sorry but there was nothing he could do because I’d made the payment outside the platform. ‘I tried to say that they were taking no responsibility despite the fact they had listed a fake property.’ Ms Jones then provided all the evidence to Airbnb’s fraud team, uploading material including screenshots and correspondence with the fraudster. The listing for a ‘wonderful villa’ near Ibiza Town had included positive reviews, with Anna’s profile featuring a picture and describing her as a ‘superhost’ whose identity had been verified. One supposed guest wrote: ‘Anna’s place is stylish, cozy & peaceful giving you the feeling that you own that place.’ Ms Jones told Metro.co.uk that after the fraud team investigated Airbnb’s answer was the same and she was not eligible for a refund or compensation. ‘I shared the link round before I tried to book and no one spotted anything out of place which shows how convincing the fake listing was,’ she said. ‘But I feel responsible because after we paid £300 each I didn’t spot it was a fraud. It’s stressful and Airbnb has done nothing to help.’ In August, another prospective holidaymaker, Lisa Shurkin, was also conned out of £3,000 when she booked what she thought was a week-long stay in Ibiza. She was also duped into making the payment outside the online marketplace, which had hosted the original bogus listing. Prior to making the booking, Ms Jones browsed another villa on the accommodation rentals website which also appeared to be fake. ‘There was another villa which also said to contact the host directly and they sent me a link to a Tripadvisor page, and then when I went back to Airbnb that had been removed,’ she said. ‘So there are two fake villas on Airbnb which says to me they are not vetting their hosts and allowing fake properties to be listed.’ Airbnb maintains that it has ‘zero tolerance for fake or misleading content’ and uses ‘sophisticated technologies’ to stop its services being misused. Responding to Ms Jones, a member of the portal’s Trust team said that because the payment was offsite it is not covered by the platform’s policies and ‘we can’t cover your loss’. The email continues: ‘Though the emails you got may have looked like official Airbnb communications, they weren’t approved by us. ‘When you deal with a Host outside of our platform, it makes it easier for them to send you fraudulent information. In fact, we’ll never ask you to pay offsite or through email.’ Metro.co.uk has approached Airbnb for further comment. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.