Manchester United are set to appoint Erik ten Hag as their new manager ahead of Paris Saint-Germain boss Mauricio Pochettino. United’s shortlist also included Spain head coach Luis Enrique and Sevilla’s Julen Lopetegui, but Ten Hag and Pochettino emerged as the two standout candidates. According to widespread reports on Wednesday evening, United have now decided that Ten Hag is their preferred candidate ahead of Pochettino following their discussions with the Ajax boss. Pochettino was initially considered the favourite to succeed Ralf Rangnick as manager, but ESPN report that United have been put off by the difficulties the Argentine has faced at PSG, particularly following their elimination in the Champions League. It’s claimed that United were reluctant to appoint a new manager who would be considered as a ‘failure’ in his last role. United are also understood to be reluctant to pay the compensation fee PSG are demanding for Pochettino, which is believed to be around £15 million. Speaking last month, former United midfielder Nicky Butt had urged the club to go for Pochettino. ‘I’d go all-out to get Mauricio Pochettino as manager,’ Butt, who left his role as United’s head of first-team development last year, told FourFourTwo. ‘He’s proven in the Premier League, he’s young and enthusiastic, his style of play would suit United and his backroom staff seem switched on ‘ I met him a couple of times at Spurs’ training ground and had lunch. You’d want to play for him.’ But United’s hierarchy believe that Ten Hag is a better fit for the current structure in place at the club. The 52-year-old will have a year left on his deal with Ajax this summer and United would only need to pay around £2m in compensation to bring him and some of the members of his backroom team to Old Trafford. United have already held talks with Ajax about the compensation package for Ten Hag. Reports also claim that Ten Hag is considering the appointment of Rene Meulensteen, who was Sir Alex Ferguson’s assistant, as his right-hand man at United. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 