Prince Charles has backed a mask device for cows that would capture their burps to tackle carbon emissions. The device is worn around the animal’s face and is designed to neutralise the methane they omit in real time. He met with the contraption’s designer during a climate change event, during which he aired concerns over the ‘urgency’ with which it is being tackled. Charles spoke with designers at a Royal College of Art event working on novel ways to bring down carbon emissions. Francisco Norris, founder of Zelp (Zero Emission Livestock Project) said it was a ‘great honour’ to speak with the prince, four years after first showing him his striking invention. The cattle industry is a major contributor to the planet’s carbon footprint, with natural omissions from cows putting huge quantities of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere every day. Charles was assured the face device ‘doesn’t bother them at all’ when he asked if it was ‘annoying’ for the cow wearing it. He visited the university’s new Terra Carta Design Lab in south London to meet with the winners of a design competition. Speaking at the event, he said there are ‘crises that are confronting us in all directions’ arising from climate change, which highlighted the importance of ‘finding solutions rapidly’. He added that, with the designers’ ingenuity, ‘we will have a better chance of winning this battle in shorter time’. Another winning team, Amphitex by Amphibo, presented a white shirt made of their 100% recyclable, waterproof and breathable sportswear fabric to the prince. One of the designers, Isabella MacKenzie, said that Charles joked about ‘the colour white not looking good on him’, while fellow designer Jun Kamei said he was ‘very curious’ about the product. Charles launched the competition alongside Sir Jony, chancellor of the RCA, as part of the Prince of Wales’ Sustainable Markets Initiative. It was inspired by the initiative’s Terra Carta, or Earth Charter, which is a road-map for businesses to set commitments for sustainability by 2030. The four winners will receive £50,000 from the Sustainable Markets Initiative as seed funding to invest in their start-up businesses. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.