Britney Spears has been photographed with fiancé Sam Asghari just days before she revealed her pregnancy. The Toxic star, 40, was seen arriving at LAX airport with Sam, 28, on Friday after the pair enjoyed a recent holiday. Britney was seen wearing a bright orange dress and trainers, and carrying a small brown handbag which she held in front of her stomach. Dad-to-be Sam was seen wearing light shorts and a dark polo neck top and espadrilles as the pair headed to a waiting car. The pictures were taken just days before Britney announced the couple are expecting their first baby together, and told fans that she would be avoiding going out so as not to get papped with a growing bump. Britney told her followers: ‘I lost so much weight to go on my Maui trip only to gain it back… I thought “Geez … what happened to my stomach???” ‘My husband said “No you’re food pregnant silly!!!” So I got a pregnancy test … and uhhhhh well… I am having a baby…’ She joked: ‘4 days later I got a little more food pregnant. It’s growing!!! If 2 are in there … I might just lose it…’ Addressing the photographs of her, Britney added: ‘I obviously won’t be going out as much due to the paps getting their money shot of me like they unfortunately already have… ‘It’s hard because when I was pregnant I had perinatal depression… I have to say it is absolutely horrible… women didn’t talk about it back then … some people considered it dangerous if a woman complained like that with a baby inside her… ‘But now women talk about it everyday… thank Jesus we don’t have to keep that pain a reserved proper secret… This time I will be doing yoga every day!!! Spreading lots of joy and love.’ Sam also shared his joy at becoming a father for the first time, telling his followers: ‘Marriage and kids are a natural part of a strong relationship filled with love and respect. ‘Fatherhood is something i have always looked forward to and i don’t take lightly. It is the most important job i will ever do.’ Britney also has two sons, Sean Preston, 16, and Jayden James, 15, from her past marriage to Kevin Federline, 44. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears’ fiancé Sam Asghari says being a father is his ‘most important job’ after pregnancy announcement MORE : Britney Spears is pregnant: Toxic singer expecting third child with fiancé Sam Asghari 