The prime minister has been warned his office may have been the target of surveillance by spyware connected with the United Arab Emirates. Cyber watchdog group Citizen Lab, based at the University of Toronto, said it has ‘observed and notified’ the government of ‘multiple suspected instances of Pegasus spyware infections’ in 2020 and 2021. The Pegasus spyware is military-grade and is made by the Israel-based NSO Group. It is capable of filming through a device’s camera, reading messages, listening to calls and looking at location history. The attack at Boris Johnson’s office is thought to have been linked to an operator in UAE, plus another at the Foreign Office is associated with clients connected to the UAE, India, Cyprus and Jordan. Professor Ron Deibert, Citizen Lab’s director, said: ‘The United Kingdom is currently in the midst of several ongoing legislative and judicial efforts relating to regulatory questions surrounding cyber policy, as well as redress for spyware victims. ‘We believe that it is critically important that such efforts are allowed to unfold free from the undue influence of spyware. ‘Given that a UK-based lawyer involved in a lawsuit against NSO Group was hacked with Pegasus in 2019, we felt compelled to ensure that the UK Government was aware of the ongoing spyware threat and took appropriate action to mitigate it.’ ‘Because the UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office and its successor office, the Foreign Commonwealth and Development office (FCDO), have personnel in many countries, the suspected FCO infections we observed could have related to FCO devices located abroad and using foreign SIM cards,’ a statement from the watchdog said. Professor Deibert said cases in which countries are suspected of using spyware for international attacks are ‘outside of our scope and mission’ but said in rare cases the governments affected are told, ‘especially if we believe that our actions can reduce harm’. A government spokesperson said: ‘We do not routinely comment on security matters.’ The Foreign Office is understood to be working with allies to tackle cyber threats. The NSO Group has been connected to snooping on politicians, human rights activists and journalists in countries including Saudi Arabia, Poland, Mexico and the UAE. It claims it only sells the product to governments to fight crime and terrorism, and sales are regulated by Israel. The US blacklisted the company in November, saying its tools had been used to ‘conduct transnational repression’. It says it has safeguards in place to prevent abuse, but does not name its clients and admits it has no control over how its clients use the software. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.