The four victims of the devastating south London massacre have been named as members of the same family as a suspected knifeman is quizzed by police. Samantha Drummonds, 27, had only moved home for a week while her flat was renovated when she was stabbed to death. She was killed in the early hours of Monday morning alongside her gran, retired NHS nurse Dolet Hill, 63, who was battling cancer. Piercing screams were heard from her terraced house in Bermondsey before Ms Hill’s partner Denton Burke, 58, who she lived with, and her daughter Tanysha Ofori-Akuffo, 45 and from Kennington, were also found dead. Armed police Tasered a man in his late 20s – said to be known to the victims – before arresting him on suspicion of murder. He is currently being treated in hospital and his condition is stable. Samantha Drummonds, who lived in Forest Hill, Lewisham, is believed to have been staying with family as her bathroom and hallway were renovated and redecorated. Friend and neigbour Rudra Brahmbhatt, 17, told MailOnline the ‘really friendly’ young woman who would had lived in the flat for five years. ‘She didn’t want to stay in the flat while the work was being done so the last thing she said to me was “I’m going away for a week, I’ll see when I’m back”. She took her cat and left. ‘I thought nothing of it until when the police turned up. It was about 7am. Another neighbour added: ‘It’s terrible that she may have been caught up in it. She is really popular in the block because she is someone who always stops to talk to you and ask how things are.’ Ms Hill’s other daughter Tracey Henry is said to be ‘devastated and unable to talk to anyone’ after losing four members of her family. A friend said: ‘Why it happened, we just don’t know. It’s a really bad time for us all.’ A picture taken in happier times shows Ms Henry, Ms Hill and Ms Ofori-Akuffo smiling as they huddle together with a fourth woman. Charity volunteer Ms Hill, who used to go on charity missions to Ghana, reportedly believed her cancer treatment was working when her life was suddenly ripped away. A neighbour told The Times: ‘She was fighting cancer, she was doing her treatment. She was super happy because she was winning her battle. They were religious but she’s been very sick so I don’t know how active they were.’ The grandma’s niece Venecia told reporters her auntie ‘didn’t deserve this’. ‘’She was very loving, very kind, very generous. She worked very hard in this country to support her two girls and her two grandkids’, she said. Metropolitan Police Commander Colin Wingrove has described the moment police made the ‘dreadful discovery’. He added: ‘Such terrible events are rare, but this will not diminish the shock that we felt across London and beyond. ‘And I can assure you this investigation will be thorough to ensure justice for the victims and their families and the community.’ Detective Chief Inspector Linda Bradley, who is leading the investigation, added: ‘This was a truly horrific incident and I fully recognise that the distress for the family and the community will be overwhelming. ‘We are conducting a thorough and detailed investigation into the facts and we are appealing to anyone who can assist with any information to come forward. ‘If you know anything or saw anything that you think might help us piece together the events which led to this, then do not hesitate, please call police. You can also call Crimestoppers if you do not want to give your name.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.