A group of neighbours have been left out of pocket and with no milk for their morning cuppas after thieves repeatedly pinched their doorstep deliveries. After months of milk going missing, some people in Sneinton, Nottingham, have cancelled their deliveries while others have also reported thefts from cars. Gee Hussain is one of those who has decided to cancel his milk deliveries. The 46-year-old said he had been left frustrated after he, his pregnant wife and elderly mother-in-law repeatedly woke to find their milk and orange juice had been stolen. ‘It’s been going on for three months, it’s so annoying,’ he told Nottinghamshire Live. ‘We had it delivered three times a week, and we would be lucky to see one of them – as soon as they are delivered they pick it up and off they go.’ Gee, who works as a courier, said he installed a Ring doorbell after the first month of thefts and had even caught the milk thieves in action. ‘It’s not only milk but fresh orange juice as well, anything they can get their hands on,’ he said. ‘At one point they dropped the orange juice next to someone’s house. ‘It’s £8 but we’re paying for it and my pregnant wife has to deal with it because I’m at work, a couple of times the milkmen have reimbursed us but they’ve done all they can so we cancelled.’ Gee said on one occasion his wife had chased someone down the road after seeing them take their milk ‘because she was that annoyed’. He said the impact of the small crime was frustrating. ‘People will say it’s not a stabbing it is just milk – and obviously, it’s not as serious as other crime,’ he added. ‘But it’s more the principle that they are denying people basic things for no reason.’ Lottie Magee, 28, who also lives in Sneinton, contacted Gee after she too had milk stolen from her doorstep. ‘We had a lot happening down here in the last couple months, we’ve had our milk stolen and car broken into and sat nav taken,’ she said. ‘Our road is closed off so they’ve come down here just to get it.’ Lottie said she although she ‘loves Sneinton’ the repeated thefts had made her think about moving. ‘It’s ludicrous little things but it is just so annoying,’ she added. ‘It has happened a couple of times and they take two pints a time. ‘People will say “it’s just milk” but someone is coming onto my property and taking what they want. I think it is a bunch of people going around Sneinton.’ Ann Combrick, 69, who lives on the same street as Gee, added: ‘I know it’s hard at the minute for a lot of people but there are places that can help if they are struggling. ‘They don’t need to resort to stealing from a pensioner and someone who is pregnant. It’s an inconvenience and it’s a crime. It doesn’t matter that it is milk.’ Gee said he had contacted Nottingham Police about the thefts. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.