Piers Morgan has claimed some female politicians ‘deliberately glam themselves up’, after an anonymous Tory MP claimed Angela Rayner attempts to distract the prime minister during PMQs by crossing and uncrossing her legs. Not shying away from controversy, the former Good Morning Britain host gave his two pennies’ worth on the recent ‘desperate, perverted smears’ made against the Labour deputy leader. Appearing on Times Radio this morning, Mr Morgan said: ‘Let’s be clear, some female politicians deliberately glam themselves up. We know that. I’m not going to name names. ‘There are certain female politicians around the world who I would say make a virtue of being good looking. What’s wrong with that?’ His comments come after the unnamed MP accused Ms Rayner of trying to put Boris Johnson ‘off his stride’ during PMQs with ‘other skills which he lacks’ as she ‘knows she can’t compete’ in a debate with him. The claims have received a chorus of condemnation from across the benches, with the prime minister threatening the MP behind them with ‘the terrors of the earth’ if he ever finds out who was behind them. Despite his strong-worded assurances, both the Tory leader and Cabinet minister Nadine Dorries came under fire yesterday for their copy-paste statements of solidarity with Ms Rayner on Twitter. Earlier in the show, Mr Morgan addressed their tweets: ‘If a genuine Tory MP said that, which I don’t doubt that is the case… That person should be the focal point of all the criticism. ‘Honestly, I think the whole thing has been slightly overblown. I think Angela Rayner is a tough cookie. I think she can perfectly handle herself on this. ‘And I think there is, it sort of plays into my mindset again about sort of the rapid fire virtue signalling that goes on, every member of the government sending out exactly the same-worded tweet. ‘It’s all nonsense, and unfortunately it devalues the merit of what they are saying. ‘I would let Angela Rayner fight her battles both with the idiot Tory MP, whoever it was, and also with Boris Johnson.’ Mr Morgan appeared on Times Radio to promote his new talk show Piers Morgan Uncensored, which will kick off today with an interview with former US president Donald Trump. This is the first time he will be returning to TV as a presenter since dramatically storming off the set of Good Morning Britain in March last year. Ms Rayner has already hit back at the ‘misogynistic’ comments, insisting they are another attempt to distract from the Partygate scandal. She stressed the attack on her stemmed from her background and class, adding that Mr Johnson and his MPs ‘clearly have a big problem with women in public life’. ‘I stand accused of a “ploy” to “distract” the helpless PM – by being a woman, having legs and wearing clothes,’ the politician wrote on Twitter over the weekend. ‘I am conspiring to “put him off his stride”.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.