The owners of a historic Welsh holiday park have sparked outrage from Welsh language campaigners by scrapping its local name in favour of a half-English alternative. Glan y Môr – meaning ‘seaside’ – is to be called Aber Bay after bosses decided the old name had become ‘tarnished’ by the park’s ‘bad reputation’ under previous management. The site in Ceredigion, near Aberystwyth, was thought to have kept its Welsh name for more than a century. ‘Aber’ is a Welsh word referring to the mouth of a river, so the park’s new name effectively means something like ‘Estuary Bay’ and has no connection to an existing local place name. Welsh language campaign group Cymdeithas yr Iaitha said the move is a ‘step in the wrong direction’ and is calling for the Welsh government to force owners Allens Caravans Estates into a U-turn. Cymdeithas chairman Jeff Smith said: ‘The new names are frequently replacing old and historic names that are woven into the fabric of our communities.’ ‘As we understand it, the holiday park has been known as Glan y Môr for over a century and this is a descriptive and well-known name. ‘Cymdeithas yr Iaith want to see a sustainable tourism sector in Wales that works with and supports local communities, language and culture. ‘We therefore see the renaming as a step in the wrong direction and would urge the owners of the holiday park to abandon the renaming proposals. ‘The very fact that the owners of the holiday park are allowed to anglicise the original name underlines the need for legislation to protect Welsh language place names. ‘After years of delay, we need to see action from the Welsh Government on this.’ A spokesperson for Allens Caravans, which took over the site in 2017, said the re-branding was made following ‘careful consideration’, adding: ‘At no point was it felt that we were trying to detract from Welsh connections. Quite the opposite. ‘Glan Y Môr did not in previous years have a good reputation and despite our best endeavors to market the park to new customers, we were met with complaints and issues prior to our ownership, something that tarnished the name and in turn was detrimental to moving forward with such a significant redevelopment.’ The company said the site’s farmhouse will keep the historic name and that its ‘heavy’ investment in the park will create jobs for locals. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.