I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here! will air three weeks earlier to avoid clashing with the 2022 FIFA World Cup, according to reports. Insiders have claimed that ITV bosses have moved the start date for the beloved series for the first time in its 20-year history to October 30. As a result, the king or queen of the jungle will be crowned in the finale on November 20, one day before the World Cup kicks off on November 21. Longstanding fans will know that I’m A Celebrity usually starts in mid-November and runs for three weeks. ‘The best thing for viewers was to just avoid the clash altogether,’ a source told the Mirror. ‘The last thing anyone wants is for the audience to have to choose between the latest from the jungle and an England game.’ Reports of I’m A Celebrity’s rescheduling comes after confirmation that the show will be heading back to the Australian jungle after two years at Gwrych Castle in Wales due to travel restrictions during the Covid pandemic. Rosemary Newell, Director of Content, announced the news, saying: ‘We expect a celebrity to return in Australia in November, when it will generate audience over 11 million. Presenters Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly also previously fuelled hope that the series would be able to return to Australia. Speaking on the One Show in February, Ant said: ‘Well, the plan is the jungle, so if all things…,’ to which Dec chimed in: ‘Nothing against Wales!’ Ant then added: ‘We love Wales but you know, Australia is its home and we’d like to get back there if we can.’ Strictly Come Dancing, which begins in the autumn, is also facing scheduling issues due to the World Cup. The hit show is one of the BBC’s flagship TV series, but the broadcaster is currently facing a big dilemma, with the World Cup starting in Qatar in November and matches being staged at 6pm or 7pm UK time. As it currently stands, it’s not clear how the broadcaster will look to resolve the issue. I’m A Celebrity returns to ITV later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 