Now this is a change from all the sterile new builds and tiny studios crammed into people’s lofts. In Walthamstow, north London, what’s thought to be the capital city’s oldest house is now available to rent – for the grand price of £2,200 a month. The 15th century property, called Ancient House, dates back nearly 600 years, having been built at some point during the reign of Henry VI. Now, it’s back on the market, having been fully renovated so you can actually, well, live in it. That means there are now appliances (including a SMEG fridge, fancy) and a toilet, sink, and shower with a modern-day plumbing system. But don’t worry, it hasn’t been entirely 2022-ified. The home remains a Grade II listed half-timbered building, with plenty of period features that mark its age. We’ll start outside, where there are York stone flags, a rose bed, and views of the 11th century church of St Mary’s, all from a 25ft shared courtyard. Go inside and you’ll find the spacious reception room, around which the rest of the property is based, in an early English archichtectural style known as a ‘hall house’. Also on this level are the kitchen and bathroom, both of which have the exposed timber joists and beams you’d be hoping for. The kitchen has all the modern bits you need – including a dishwasher along with your oven and washing machine – but simple white tiles and wooden countertops maintain the old-school vibe. Upstairs are two bedrooms, one of which has an en-suite. We’d recommend going for a proper country cottage feel when it comes to the decor, just to stick to the pre-Tudor theme. Estates East, who are listing the property for rent, describe it as having a ‘wealth of period detail and charm’. It’s actually been through multiple renovation projects over the years, but the best one was in 1934, which saw the 18th century timber weatherboarding removed to reveal the traditional Medieval timber-frame – which the then-owners made sure to strengthen and preserve. The in the early 2000s, Medieval style windows were installed to complete the look. While the house may take you back in time, the location has all the bang for your buck of London. It sits around the corner from Orford Road, where you’ll find lots of bars and restaurants, and is close to Walthamstow Queen’s Road station. A spokesperson for Estates East said: ‘”Unique property” and “village location” are phrases too often used by estate agents. ‘But if ever there was a home deserving of such a description then this is it.’ True that. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Secret ‘Tardis’ cottage hidden between two houses goes on sale for £109,000 MORE : What I Rent: Assia and Jack, £925 a month for a room in a nine-bedroom shared house in Clapton, London MORE : Couple who ditched renting to live in a van now can’t travel due to rising fuel prices