So many aspiring property owners look for ‘spacious’ homes, but where’s the fun in that? From its idyllic countryside to the world-famous Jurassic Coast, Dorset is one of the most sought-after locations to set up home. And for just £175,000, a two-storey maisonette at the very heart of the well-loved county could all be yours. But there’s a catch. The two-floor maisonette, which rests on top of a Wooden Floor Specialists Ltd, seems a little slim from the outside – but if you’re hoping for a Tardis effect inside, you might find yourself a little disappointed. Although estate agents Symonds & Sampson describe the property, which is listed on Rightmove, as ‘deceptively spacious,’ some rooms definitely give off the impression of a bit of a tight squeeze, to say the least. The kitchen and dining area, while well-equipped, only have a width of 3.07 metres (most of which is taken up by the dining table), so if you’re hoping for bustling dinner parties, things might get pretty crammed very quickly. The sitting room, fortunately, is slightly wider – but not by much. Its width only stands at 3.33 metres. With one bathroom between three people, there might be a bit of a queue when it comes to morning showers and bathroom breaks. Two of the other rooms, while a tight(ish) squeeze, may well end up cosy if decorated right, with their widths standing between 2.79 and 2.39 metres wide. As for the first floor bedroom, whoever draws the short straw will get the narrowest room in the house, with a width of only 1.73 metres. However, with slim measurements like that, it would definitely be a challenge even for the most artful of decorators. Fortunately, what the property lacks in space it makes up for in depth: buyers would be looking at approximately 630 sq ft of space in total, and when you get to the rear of the property, things widen out to up to 10 ft in width. There’s also an outdoor balcony thrown in on the top floor, offering some fresh air and perhaps helping to compensate for a sense of suffocation in some areas indoors. The home also has a large attic area, and is sandwiched between two food outlets on a busy high street, so what it lacks in size it definitely makes up for in location. And who needs to stay indoors all the time when you have Durdle Door practically on your doorstep? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This one-bedroom basement flat could be all yours for £6k – but it’s a bit creepy inside MORE : Unassuming London flat above takeaway comes with its own swimming pool and sauna MORE : Flat in Bath could be yours for £260,000 – but you can’t stand up in one of the sleeping areas