A school has come under intense criticism from parents who do not believe its toilets should be locked during class time. Lightcliffe Academy in Halifax, West Yorkshire, believes children should only use the toilet before school, during breaks and after school. Kids can get ‘toilet passes’ to use one disabled stall in reception, but they have to explain to their teachers why they need it. Parents have started a petition against the policy, complaining only allowing pupils to freely use the bathroom at specific times leaves very long queues during those periods. This means kids often have to choose between eating and using the toilet at break time, parents said. One mum, who did not want to be named, said her daughter uses break time to eat her lunch so is only able to use the bathroom before 7.30am and then again at 3.45pm. Mum Nicola Hanson, who has two children at the school, said: ‘It’s totally counterproductive, has a negative impact on healthy habits – including drinking lots of water which improves concentration – and increases UTIs and other bowel and bladder issues.’ She also went on to talk about how many teenage girls at the school may feel uncomfortable telling teachers when they are on their periods – to explain why they should get a ‘toilet pass’. But headteacher Roz Wood-Ives believes pupils will be comfortable talking about why they need the bathroom because of the ‘positive relationships’ they have with staff. Another mum, Joanne Harney, called the policy ‘totally oppressive’. The school issued a statement which said: ‘In common with many other secondary schools, our policy is that students are encouraged to go to the toilet outside of lesson time to avoid disruption to lessons, unless they need to for medical or health reasons, or it is an emergency. ‘Students who need to use toilet facilities in an emergency have access to them in the main foyer during lesson times. ‘Due to the positive relationships that exists between staff and students, staff use their discretion to ensure that those who genuinely need to access toilet facilities feel comfortable in seeking permission to do so. ‘We have recently invested £10,000 in improving our toilet facilities, and have had positive feedback from students on these improvements. ‘However, we are aware that some students and parents are unhappy with these arrangements, and are actively working with our parent and student councils around how we can address their concerns.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.