A dad who lost a wallet full of cash seven years ago has finally had it returned – including the wad of notes. Andy Evans, 45, left the wallet, containing his driving licence, bank cards and £134 in cash in a taxi as he travelled back from watching The Courteeners in June 2015. The dad-of-two flagged the black mini-bus style taxi down outside Heaton Park in north Manchester. He had no idea which firm it belonged to, so had no way of contacting the driver. He assumed it was gone forever when he realised it wasn’t in his jeans pocket shortly after stepping out of the cab in Wythenshawe. But no less than 83 months later, he received a package arrived by recorded delivery, containing his wallet exactly as he had left it all those years ago. The brown Henri Lloyd wallet was completely undisturbed and had all the cash still inside with the notes folded as Andy had put them in. Unfortunately, they are now so old some of the notes and coins are no longer in circulation. The wallet contained two old-style twenty-pound notes which can still be used but Andy will have to take the old paper five and ten pound notes, and old pound coins, to the bank to be exchanged. Andy’s bank cards expired five years ago. ‘I just couldn’t believe it,’ he said. ‘I thought “it can’t be”. Seven years? No one I’ve told can believe it either. ‘I texted my brother straight away as he had to lend me money on the night so I could stay out and keep partying, so he remembered it, and he’s gobsmacked as well.’ The package had an email address on the envelope which Andy wrote to, thanking them for returning it. He received a reply saying the wallet had been ‘found in an old taxi’. The message, simply signed ‘Manchester Taxi Driver’ said: ‘7 years…..Wow. The wallet was found in an old taxi and looked untouched. I hope all the belongings are there. Get yourself to a bank to get the money updated and enjoy. All the best.’ Andy added: ‘It appears it’s been sat there wedged underneath the seat or something all this time, even by the sounds of it after this taxi came off the road. ‘It’s like Robinson Crusoe or something. A message in a bottle coming back years later. You couldn’t write it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.