Ukraine has offered to hold last ditch negotiations with Russia to get fighters and civilians out of Mariupol. The besieged city is almost totally in the hands of invading forces but one last band of troops remain in the city. Soldiers, some of whom are members of the far-right Azov Battalion, are holding out in a giant steel mill in the north of the city. Russia ordered the soldiers to surrender or die this morning but the ultimatum did not break the deadlock. Around 1,000 civilians are sheltering in the vast industrial facility, which has been shelled in recent days. Speaking after talks with European Council president Charles Michel, Volodymyr Zelensky said: ‘Behind the backs of our guys in Mariupol there are around a thousand civilians, including women and children.’ He accused Russia of stonewalling pleas to allow the safe exit of civilians, adding: ‘We are open to different formats of exchange of our people for Russian people, Russian military that they have left behind.’ Presidential aide Mykhailo Podolyak reiterated Mr Zelensky’s offer to hold talks on Mariupol and called for a ‘special round of negotiations’. Separately, Ukraine has tried to get Russia to agree on humanitarian corridors to evacuate the 120,000 people who Mr Zelensky said remain under siege in Mariupol. Thousands of innocent people have died and much of the town has been reduced to rubble after seeing the worst fighting of any city since the war began. The port city stands in between pro-Russian troops in the Donbas region and reinforcements in the annexed Crimean peninsula. Its capture would allow an unbroken land bridge between the two territories and has become a key goal of the invasion. MORE : Russia tests giant new ballistic missile capable of striking Europe and the US The Kremlin has recast the purpose of the invasion as the ‘liberation’ of Ukraine’s eastern region after failing to take Kyiv. Pro-Moscow proxies have held parts of the area – made up Donetsk and Luhansk – since 2014 but the land they control does not cover all of the historic territory. Ukraine accused Russian of failing to observe a local ceasefire agreement long enough to allow large numbers of women, children and elderly people to flee on Wednesday. There were hopes they would be able to use 90 buses to evacuate about 6,000 of the civilians believed to still be trapped there. But regional governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said fewer buses than planned were able to reach Mariupol and fewer people than hoped were evacuated. Deputy prime minister Iryna Vereshchuk said the humanitarian corridor ‘did not work as planned today’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.