Jim Carrey plans to retire after Sonic The Hedgehog 2 – unless Dolly Parton wants him for her biopic, that is. The Hollywood legend has said he wants to at least take a break from acting in favour of ‘the quiet life’. After Dolly said she would love Jim to star in the film of her life, the Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind star said: ‘Well, I’m retiring. Yeah, probably. I’m being fairly serious. ‘It depends, if the angels bring some sort of script that’s written in gold ink that says to me that it’s going to be really important for people to see, I might continue down the road but I’m taking a break,’ he added to Access Hollywood. ‘I really like my quiet life and I really like putting paint on canvas and I really love my spiritual life and I feel like, and this is something you might never hear another celebrity say as long as time exists – I have enough. I’ve done enough. I am enough’. We were not prepared for this news! Thankfully, the 60-year-old actor added that if the country music legend came calling, he would ‘always speak to Dolly’. Music legend Dolly recently revealed she’s got actors in mind for her biopic, with Jim potentially taking the role of her one-time music partner, Porter Wagoner. ‘You know who would make a great Porter, though, in all seriousness?’ she said on Mr Nashville Talks. ‘Jim Carrey.’ No complaints from us if it means we get to see more of him on our screens. Jim, who recently weighed in on the Oscars drama between Will Smith and Chris Rock, has had a career spanning five decades and starred in unforgettable movies including The Truman Show, How The Grinch Stole Christmas and Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. He made a name for himself as Ace Ventura: Pet Detective in 1994, before following it up with The Mask and 1995’s Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls, going on to star in many more blockbuster films over the coming years. Most recently, he’s reprised his role as Dr Ivo Robotnik in Sonic The Hedgehog 2, which, according to him, could be his final role. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Jim Carrey for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jim Carrey slams ‘spineless’ Hollywood for applauding Will Smith after slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars: ‘I was sickened’ MORE : Sonic the Hedgehog 2 review: Run-of-the-mill sequel buoyed by Jim Carrey’s pitch-perfect performance MORE : Sonic the Hedgehog 2: Release date, cast, plot, trailer and runtime 