Pep Guardiola admits he ‘does not know’ what will happen with Arsenal target Gabriel Jesus but says he is delighted to be working with him after he scored four goals in Manchester City’s victory over Watford. Jesus scored four goals in a Premier League game for the first time in his career as Man City thrashed Watford 5-1 at the Etihad to move four points clear at the top of the Premier League. In a sensational display, Jesus played a part in all five goals to pile the misery on Roy Hodgson’s Watford, who are running out of time as they attempt to avoid relegation to the Championship. Jesus’ heroics came less than 24 hours after he was heavily linked with a move to Arsenal, with Mikel Arteta reportedly identifying the Brazilian as his first-choice target to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this summer. Asked about the speculation over Jesus’ future after Manchester City’s devastating win, Guardiola said: ‘I want to tell you something; Gabriel is our player. I don’t know what is going to happen, but he is a Man City player. ‘When he has days like today, I am the happiest man in the world! Every player is happy when they play 90 minutes all the time but at the end of the season whether he wants to extend, stay or leave, I don’t know and I don’t care. ‘We have less than one month. My only concern is that the players will do everything to try and win, after that no one knows what will happen.’ Jesus, who Man City signed from Brazilian club Palmeiras in 2017, has now scored 93 goals in 230 appearances for the Sky Blues. Guardiola added: ‘In this world of football, if there’s one person, one player who deserves the best in life, it’s Gabriel. ‘He fights for every single ball and helps the team all the time. One day I’ll have to ask him to play at right-back, and he’s going to give absolutely everything. ‘It’s not necessary for him to score four goals to know exactly how important [he is], and what he means to all of us. But when he can score four goals, like today, as a striker, all of us are incredibly delighted and happy for him.’ Jesus, meanwhile, was understandably delighted after enjoying one of his best days in a Man City shirt. The 25-year-old said: ‘Today was my day. We played very good today, we created a lot of chances, that’s what we need to do. ‘We made passes and passes to create chances and try to score, and today we were very good on the finishing. ‘It was my first hat-trick in the Premier League. I’ve tried. Sometimes I’ve scored two then I’ve hit a post, the defender has blocked [my shot], or the keeper has saved, but today was my day.’ While Manchester City’s win saw them move four points clear at the summit of the Premier League, Liverpool will reduce the gap to just one point if they win their game in hand against Merseyside rivals Everton tomorrow. Asked for his thoughts on the title race, Guardiola said: ‘Tonight I’ll go home. We play on Wednesday so I’ll start to think about Real Madrid. ‘The victory against Brighton gave us the opportunity to play another “final” today, and the victory today gave us an opportunity to play another final against Leeds between the Madrid games. It’s no more complicated than that. ‘The situation hasn’t changed today. We have to win all the games to be champions. We have five left. ‘They’re difficult ones because they’re mixed in between the Champions League, but it’s a pleasure and I’m so proud again to be here.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 