A British man killed alongside his nine-year-old son in a landslide in Australia has been named. Mehraab Nazir, 49, and his son were killed when they were caught by a landslide in Australia’s Blue Mountains on Monday. The pair died at the scene and their bodies were recovered the following morning. Mr Nazir’s wife Anastasia, 40, his 14-year-old son, and 15-year-old daughter all survived the landslide. Mr Nazir’s wife remains in a critical condition in an intensive care unit, while her 14-year-old son has undergone surgery and is in a stable condition. Both were airlifted from the scene after Mr Nazir’s daughter raised the alarm shortly after 1.30pm. The teenager walked for 90 minutes through the wilderness to help rescuers locate her family. She remains under observation in hospital. The tragedy struck while the family was on holiday from their home in Singapore where Mr Nazir was a partner at the law firm Watson Farley & Williams. The family is understood to have relocated from London to Singapore more than a decade ago. In a statement, Watson & Farley Williams said: ‘It is with the greatest sadness that we must confirm that our dear friend and colleague Mehraab Nazir, a partner in our Singapore office, tragically lost his life in a landslide in Australia earlier this week alongside his young son. ‘We will be remembering and honouring Mehraab, however, with the surviving members of the family in serious conditions or in shock, we ask that you respect their privacy and grief at this incredibly difficult time.’ The family is receiving support from the British consulate in Australia and the children’s godmother is understood to have joined them to offer support. British High Commissioner to Australia Vicki Treadell issued a statement early on Wednesday confirming she is assisting the family. ‘My team are providing support and in contact with the local authorities,’ she said. The Nazir family is understood to be members of the Zoroastrian religion, one of the world’s oldest faiths. A member of the community said it was mourning the ‘tragic loss’. ‘While we all still come to terms with this immense tragedy, the outpour and generosity of our community is very heart-warming,’ a spokesperson for the community told MailOnline. ‘The surviving children have been united with their godmother which is very comforting.’ ‘The community always rallies around to help each other,’ a spokesperson from the Australian Zoroastrian Association added. ‘It’s a case of strangers helping strangers.’ The Blue Mountains get about four million tourists a year, the most of any national park in Australia. The Wentworth Pass track, where the family was when the landslide struck, is considered as having a grade four difficulty under NSW National Park and Wildlife Service guidelines, which recommends only experienced walkers take it. In the wake of the incident, authorities have launched an investigation to find out what caused the landslide and whether the track should have been closed. New South Wales premier Dominic Perrottet called the incident ‘tragic’ and said he would be seeking advice as to whether the walking track should have been open given recent heavy rain. ‘These tragedies occur too often so anything we can do to keep people safe, we will,’ Mr Perrottet told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation on Tuesday. ‘Obviously, the Blue Mountains is a place where people love to go trekking. ‘It’s one of the wonders of the world but when those tragedies occur it would be remiss of any government not to act.’ Following the removal of the bodies, the New South Wales Department of Environment and Heritage announced that the area was closed to the public until further notice and a ‘comprehensive review’ would be undertaken. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.