Dave Grohl’s wife Jordyn and daughters Violet and Harper have been pictured attending the pre-Grammys MusiCares Person Of The Year event following the death of Taylor Hawkins. The legendary drummer died last month at the age of 50, with the band cancelling various upcoming performances as they mourn their late friend. Dave’s wife of 19 years, Jordyn, and their two daughters Violet, 15, and Harper, 12, posed on the red carpet of the event. All three were dressed in black following Hawkins’ tragic death. Dave, 53, and Jordyn, 45, also share their seven-year-old daughter Ophelia. The event, held at the MGM Grand Marquee Ballroom ahead of Sunday night’s Grammys, was in honour of iconic musician Joni Mitchell with many coming out to celebrate the star. It was recently confirmed that Foo Fighters will not be performing at the Grammys following the heartbreaking loss of their bandmate. A note on the Recording Academy website reads: ‘Foo Fighters will no longer perform at the 2022 GRAMMYs, although a tribute to Taylor Hawkins will take place.’ No further details about the band’s attendance or the tribute have been provided. Last Saturday, it was confirmed that Hawkins had died at the age of 50, with the band saying in a statement: ‘His musical spirit and infectious laughter will live on with all of us forever.’ They were in Bogota, Colombia on tour at the time, with the late musician having been found in a hotel room. Hawkins first joined the Foo Fighters in 1997, playing in the band fronted by former Nirvana drummer Dave for almost two decades, alongside Nate Mendel, Pat Smear, Chris Shiflett and Rami Jaffee. He previously toured with singer Alanis Morrissette, as well as drumming for band Sylvia, forming Taylor Hawkins and the Coattail Riders and being one of the brains behind the supergroup NHC. Numerous stars paid tribute to Hawkins following his death, with Coldplay’s Chris Martin dedicating a song to him during a performance, and Ozzy Osbourne tweeting that he ‘was truly a great person and an amazing musician’. An investigation into Hawkins’ death is currently taking place. MORE : From touring with Alanis Morissette to close bond with ‘best friend’ Dave Grohl: Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins’ incredible career as he dies aged 50 MORE : Dave Grohl wanted to stage a bitter break-up ahead of a Foo Fighters reunion tour ‘just for a joke’ 