Elon Musk is compulsive tweeting again and this time he’s joining his trolls in mocking his Twitter buyout by joking about it. ‘Next I’m buying Coca-Cola to put the cocaine back in,’ Musk tweeted on Thursday. The Tesla boss seems to be referring to the original Coca-Cola recipe from 1886 when it was used as a tonic for various ailments. Can Musk buy Coca-Cola? Even for the world’s richest man with a net-worth of $264 billion, Coca-Cola’s price tag of $284 billion might be a challenge. In comparison, Musk only had to pay a measly $44 billion for control of the social media giant in a deal that is yet to go through. ‘Kicks Red Bull’s ass!’ replied Musk to a follower who posted a picture of the first publicly sold bottle of Coca-Cola in 1894 supposedly containing 3.5 grams of cocaine. His followers seem to have taken the bait and started suggesting other thing the billionaire should buy and improve. ‘Can you buy fox I want another season of “firefly”’ asked Shibetoshi Nakamoto, the creator of cryptocurrency Dodgecoin. ‘Some sci-fi that actually features sci-fi would be great’ Musk replied to Nakamoto. An hour later Musk tweeted a meme of him that said he was going to buy McDonald’s and fix all of their icecream machines. ‘Listen, I can’t do miracles ok,’ said Musk in response to the tweet. Musk, a free speech absolutist, has apparently bought Twitter to fix the issue of free speech on the platform. The SpaceX CEO wants to make Twitter ‘maximum fun!’ with these seemingly funny tweets but it’s not helping cover up the fact that the employees at the company that he just bought aren’t pleased with him. In fact, Musk might have even jeopardised his Twitter deal after his tweets about a female Twitter executive unleashed a barrage of online abuse against her. Current and former Twitter employees have come out in support of Vijaya Gadde, Twitter’s Legal, Policy and Trust Lead that Musk has openly disparaged in a tweet that he’s still not taken down. Musk’s tweets could be potentially flouting the merger agreement that has a $1 billion breakup fee. This could be a play to get out of the deal if the billionaire has got cold feet about Twitter. MORE : Elon Musk’s Twitter takeover is bad news for us all MORE : Elon Musk says Donald Trump’s Truth Social has ‘terrible name’ and ‘should be called Trumpet’