Thandiwe Newton’s camp have denied reports the actress was ‘fired’ from Magic Mike 3 due to a disagreement with Channing Tatum over Will Smith. The actress, 49, had been due to star in the third instalment of the franchise but pulled out due to personal reasons after 11 days of shooting. A spokesperson said in a statement: ‘Thandiwe Newton has made the difficult decision to step away from the production of Warner Bros Pictures’ Magic Mike’s Last Dance to deal with family matters.’ However, reports had claimed that her leaving the production was down to a falling-out with co-star and producer Channing Tatum over Will Smith slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars. A spokesperson has since called the claims ‘completely inaccurate’, according to The Guardian. The report, which first surfaced in The Sun, had claimed Thandiwe left Magic Mike after having a ‘confrontation’ with Channing while discussing the incident at the Oscars. A source claimed: ‘It was a tense exchange of words, but suddenly it escalated.’ They also alleged that Channing had said: ‘I am not working with her any more,’ before leaving in a car. It has since been confirmed that Salma Hayek will take over Thandiwe’s role in the film, which sees Channing reprise his role as stripper Mike Lane. Magic Mike 3 will also see the return of Steven Soderburgh as director, after he helmed the first instalment in 2012 but did not take part in the second movie. The first two films have made over $300million (£229million) at the global box office and spawned the hugely successful stage show Magic Mike Live with shows in London, Las Vegas, Berlin and Australia. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Thandiwe Newton for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Thandiwe Newton replaced by Salma Hayek in Magic Mike 3 after quitting due to personal reasons MORE : Thandiwe Newton’s tone-deaf apology to dark-skinned Black women does little to stamp out colourism 