Simon Mayo revealed the BBC had wasted no time deactivating his security pass as the Kermode and Mayo Film Review finished after 21 years. He and Mark Kermode had wrapped up the BBC Five Live show after over two decades of film reviews on Friday, April 1. Ahead of the final show, Simon shared a snap of his security pass outside the BBC building as he told his followers: ‘Last day of term (40 years after it started). So. Once more, with feeling…’ However, the excitement was short-lived as Simon found he couldn’t actually get out of the building after the show thanks to a slightly overzealous security protocol. He upstaged his followers: ‘And my BBC pass was cancelled before I left the building. So the security doors wouldn’t work. Had to be helped out. #notquitethegoldwatch.’ While fans were sad that the iconic show had come to an end after so long, they didn’t have long to wait to find out what the duo were going to be doing from here on out. The pair announced they were joining Sony Music Entertainment’s Global Podcast Division to present Kermode and Mayo’s Take, a new twice weekly podcast series focusing film and television in the UK and US. The new podcast is set to launch on May 5 and will see them speaking about television shows as well as films for the first time. Mark said: ‘Simon Mayo is quite simply one of the best broadcasters in the word and I’m thrilled to be teaming up with him again for this new Sony podcast, which will allow us to bicker about movies and tv (and skiffle, obviously) to our hearts’ content.’ Simon added: ‘We said it wasn’t the end. The sequel is here… this time with sequins.’ Jez Nelson, Executive Vice President and Co‑Head of Global Podcasts at Sony Music Entertainment, said: ‘Kermode and Mayo have made an incredible impact in UK audio for decades. ‘They are radio icons but also pioneers of podcasting. We are thrilled to welcome them to Sony Music and to now work with them to take their amazing partnership and peerless take on movies to the next level globally.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kermode and Mayo’s Film Review to end after 21 years, with final BBC episode airing next month MORE : Ranvir Singh reveals ‘discomfort’ of living with alopecia and shows her own bald patch after Oscars joke about Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair 