Mauricio Pochettino sent a major warning to Manchester United chiefs when he was interviewed by the club about the vacant manager’s position at Old Trafford. The Premier League giants interviewed Paris Saint-Germain boss Pochettino over Zoom a couple of weeks ago as they considered bringing the former Tottenham man to the Theatre of Dreams. United’s last permanent manager, club legend Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, was relieved of his duties in November and Ralf Rangnick has been in the job on an interim basis since. Pochettino and Ajax’s Erik ten Hag emerged as the two frontrunners to take over at United but the former appears to have blown his chance in an interview that The Sun say ‘did not go well’. It is claimed that Pochettino spoke about how much money would be needed to overhaul an underperforming squad and suggested he was ready to offload a number of struggling stars. But Manchester United want their next manager to instil a new playing identity rather than focus on transfers, something that appears to have worked in Ten Hag’s favour. It was reported earlier in the week that Ten Hag had agreed personal terms over a move to Old Trafford, with his appointment potentially confirmed as soon as next week. While PSG look set to hold on to Pochettino for now, the French giants have reportedly complained to Manchester United about the public courting of the Argentine manager. Ten Hag will take over a Red Devils team in disarray, currently just seventh in the Premier League and without a trophy in five years. Former Arsenal and England winger Paul Merson has his doubts over Ten Hag, however, and believes Manchester United are taking a ‘big risk’ in appointing the Dutchman. ‘Ten Hag isn’t the answer for me,’ he told the Daily Star last week. ‘He is coming from a club that’s in a two-team league where you dominate every match. He doesn’t know this league. ‘I think it’s a gamble. You can’t win anything without a good manager and I’m not sure how good a manager Ten Hag is.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag left Manchester United duo ‘in complete shock’ during explosive interview MORE : Erik ten Hag tells Manchester United that Cristiano Ronaldo will not be part of his plans next season For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 