A heartbroken Ukrainian mum has announced the body of her son, 4, has been found 26 days after he went missing. Sasha Yakhno vanished after a boat he and his grandmother were travelling in capsized on the Dnieper river, near Kyiv. They had been fleeing Russian invaders. His mother, Anna, had launched a desperate search and hoped for a ‘miracle’. But today, it was confirmed his body had finally been found. Anna posted on Facebook: ‘Today we found Sashenka’s [Sasha’s] body. I thank everyone who believed, who helped in the search. ‘I thank everyone for your prayers and faith. I thank you for your support. ‘Thanks to you, my little boy has come to meet me. Sashenka, our little angel is already in heaven! Today his soul has found peace.’ Among those who paid tribute to Sasha were volunteers who tried to find his body. Thomas Alpha wrote: ‘Dear Anna, finding the right words is very difficult. ‘We searched for Sasha in Poland and Germany for days and prayed every day that you would see your son again soon. ‘We are very sorry, our thoughts are with you and Sashko. Strength and strength to you, your family and the Ukrainian people’. After Sasha’s disappearance, Anna had nurtured some hope he could be found alive. She had been told of possible sightings of her only child, with rumours he could be with other displaced Ukrainians who fled to Romania. She also suspected a villager could have taken him to their home to hide. Border guards had been made aware of the search and were told to look out for any boy matching the four-year-old’s appearance. The devastated mum says she has ‘barely slept’ and has been ‘totally shattered’ for the past month. Until Russian troops were pushed back from the area near the Dnieper river, it had been hard to search the area where Sasha went missing. Anna’s mother, Zoya, also perished as a result of the boat capsizing. Her body was found shortly after the incident. Speaking of her ordeal, Anna had previously said: ‘My little son – our only child – was staying with his beloved grandmother Zoya, 60, when the war began. ‘They were in a small village with only two shops and two days after the start of the invasion all the food was gone. ‘The longer they stayed there, the worse it got with supplies and electricity. ‘Trying to escape from occupation, they ventured across Kyiv reservoir [on the Dnieper, also known as the Kyiv Sea] taking two dogs. ‘Connection with them was lost. ‘Sasha’s granny was found dead on [March] 11, we could not collect her body, and asked locals to bury her.’ As of this week, Ukrainian prosecutors say an estimated 165 children have died as a consequence of Russia’s invasion. Some parents are now writing emergency contact details on the bodies of their children in a bid to ensure their safety. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.