It may sound nonsensical but you can actually shower in an incorrect way. Yes, you heard us right, an expert has shared how our current showering habits may be causing our hair to fall out. Sam Cinkir, CEO of Este Medical Group, says it’s those of us who enjoy a long and luxurious shower who are most at risk of creating damaged tresses. He explains that hot water has an effect on your blood flow and the overall health of your strands. ‘Most people love a hot shower before, or after, a long day,’ he notes. ‘It can help us relax, but having your shower too hot can cause a lot of damage to your skin and your hair. ‘Hot water slows down blood flow and your scalp needs good circulation to encourage healthy hair growth.’ A piping hot shower also makes hair more brittle and susceptible to breakage. This can then lead to hair loss. Sam explains that when hot water hits your scalp, it opens pores making the roots of your hair weaker. In turn, the hair falls out easier. ‘Washing with warm water will open your pores enough for your roots and scalp to be cleaned – but not enough to cause damage and loss of hair,’ he adds. Meanwhile, if you suffer from dandruff, turning your shower to a lower heat setting is a good idea. ‘Using water so high in temperature that it damages your scalp can not only be uncomfortable but can lead to extreme dry skin which causes dandruff,’ Sam says. ‘Dandruff might be a common hair concern, it’s not pleasant for anyone who suffers, and is best avoiding where possible.’ Water that is too hot can also contribute to dry hair and extra frizz. ‘It can also strip your hair of its natural oils, and your body will work to replace those oils, resulting in your hair becoming greasier quicker,’ Sam explains. Thankfully, there is a solution. Sam advises people to shower in warm water and but to rinse hair with cold water. He says: ‘There are many benefits to rinsing with cold water including improved circulation, preserving natural oils and maintaining a smooth texture by locking in moisture.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Save space and stress with these handy packing hacks MORE : Expert claims you should always eat your toast upside down MORE : This simple hairdryer hack is the key to instant volume