Rio Ferdinand believes Fernandinho was Manchester City’s ‘vulnerability’ in their thrilling 4-3 victory over Real Madrid in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Tuesday evening. City were in control for the majority of the game and goals from Kevin De Bruyne, Gabriel Jesus, Phil Foden and Bernardo Silva ensured that Pep Guardiola’s side take an advantage to Madrid for their second leg next week. But Madrid are still in the tie thanks to two goals from Karim Benzema, as well as a superb individual effort from Vinicius Jr. The Brazilian winger had a subdued first half but grew into the game after Fernandinho replaced John Stones shortly before half time. Both Joao Cancelo and Kyle Walker were unavailable for the match and Ferdinand believes Fernandinho represented City’s biggest weakness in the first leg. ‘It was a fantastic game, the game ebbed and flowed in different ways,’ Ferdinand told BT Sport. ‘Momentum changed many times during the game, moments of absolute class from individuals. ‘City will be a bit frustrated, you can see that. I think Pep will have a lot to say in that changing room. ‘Real Madrid I think will be buoyed I think by the way they showed the character and courage to come back. ‘But I still fancy City to go over there [to Madrid] and finish the job off. ‘I think a big, big change in the way the game went was when Stones coming off. I think Stones’ injury destabilised the City team. ‘Unfortunately, Fernandinho at 36 years old having to play right-back against one of the most in-form wingers in the game at the moment, that was a vulnerability then in that Man City team.’ Meanwhile, Steve McManaman criticised City for their failure to win by a bigger margin. ‘You never accuse City of being naïve but they were at times,’ said the former Liverpool midfielder. ‘They shouldn’t have let Madrid back into the game. I don’t know what it was, whether they were just overly confident because they were so far ahead, so superior, as soon as they went two goals ahead they started to drop deep, even the third goal, the Panenka penalty, they [Madrid] just had a chance prior to that, you’re thinking to yourself, ‘how’s that happened?’. ‘City should be just controlling the game. I still think City will score goals and probably win the game over there, the way they played, but they’ve given Madrid a glimmer of hope. ‘And once they go back there with the fans it will be a different scenario to tonight.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 