Mr Bean viewers have been left shocked by the character’s behaviour in a resurfaced clip, with many stating they cannot remember him being this ‘brutal’ or ‘psychotic’. The British TV series, which starred Rowan Atkinson, aired from 1990 to 1995 and was a nostalgic memory for many millennials. But now, as an old clip has come back to light, viewers have changed their opinions on the iconic character. In the clip, which forms part of the 14th episode of the series titled Hair by Mr. Bean of London, Mr Bean is playing ‘hit the headmaster’ at a children’s party. As the name suggests, Rowan’s character gets involved in hitting the headmaster’s face with soaked sponges, through a cardboard cut-out. While the sponges are soft and harmless, Mr Bean goes a step further in a move which viewers have labelled as ‘psychotic’, by chucking two tin cans at the man’s face, and then is almost about to throw a wooden chair, before he’s thankfully stopped by another adult. Viewers are pretty surprised by the brutality of the scene, with many unable to remember Mr Bean in this way. On Reddit, where the resurfaced clip had been shared with the caption ‘I don’t remember Mr Bean being this brutal’, one person wrote: ‘He’s basically a toddler. ‘Goes from all sweet and innocent to complete psychotic at the drop of a hat. ‘He’s also got a right vindictive streak if he thinks anyone has wronged him.’ Another person agreed with the caption and said: ‘No me neither. The ones where he displays sociopathic behaviour must have been after my bedtime.’ ‘Mr Bean was well naughty given the chance,’ another commented. Someone jokingly added: ‘A Mr Bean version of Taken would be brutal.’ Along with the 14 episodes following Mr Bean’s adventures, there were several films then made of the characters escapades, including Bean: The Ultimate Disaster Movie in 1997, and Mr Bean’s Holiday in 2007. In 2002, it became an animated series, also starring Rowan, which to date has had five series and 118 episodes. The memorable character also appeared at the opening ceremony of the 2012 London Olympics and several Red Nose Day sketches in aid of Comic Relief. Mr Bean is available to watch on Amazon Prime while the animated series is available on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rowan Atkinson wages war against insect foe in first look at Netflix comedy Man vs Bee as release date is announced MORE : Olivia Colman and Rowan Atkinson set to star alongside Timothée Chalamet in origin movie Wonka 