A mum-of-five was left in complete shock after going into labour and giving birth to her sixth child – having had no idea she was pregnant again. When Adrianne Grayson started feeling bloated and having stomach cramps on September 27 2021, she thought she might need the toilet. But while the 33-year-old thought she just needed to go, she was actually in labour. Minutes later, Adrianne and her husband were delivering their son Apollo – who weighed a healthy 6lbz 9oz – on the toilet floor. Adrianne, from Dallas, Texas, said the surprise birth came as a complete shock. She had no prenatal symptoms and didn’t gain any weight during her pregnancy – in fact, she actually lost 9lbs in the first two months of her pregnancy. Adrianne revealed that her husband has now had a vasectomy earlier this month to make sure a surprise like 6-month-old baby Apollo doesn’t happen again. Adrianne – who has six children with her husband-of-ten years including a 14-year-old stepdaughter from her husband’s previous relationship – says: ‘With my other pregnancies, I had all the regular symptoms but I had nothing with Apollo. ‘I had a huge bump with my other kids. I actually had some hip issues during my other pregnancies due to the weight I was carrying with the babies. ‘I knew what pregnancy looked and felt like but I had absolutely no idea I was expecting Apollo! ‘Whilst I was pregnant with Apollo, I had been on a serious health kick, eating well and working out every morning. Throughout my pregnancy, I was fitting into all my usual clothes and my tightest pair of shorts. ‘But around two months prior to giving birth, I did start to experience bloating from time to time. I haven’t got the best digestive system and often had bloating with certain foods, so I didn’t think anything of it.’ Adrianne – who is a ‘mommy blogger’ (@momofawholelottakids) and creator of momswear clothing label ‘Live and Create Designs’, says she started to have painful cramps and excessive bloating in the twenty-four hours leading up to Apollo’s birth. Adrianne did yoga and took a bath in a bid to ease her discomfort. She then decided to use the toilet to try to ‘poop’ for relief – but instead she left the bathroom with a new-born baby. Adrianne – whose youngest child was just one when she gave birth to Apollo in September last year – says: ‘As the day wore on, I began having really bad stomach pain which I attributed to pre-menstrual cramps but they just didn’t stop. ‘I did some yoga in the afternoon to ease my pain and got in the tub thinking my cramps would subside. ‘I did worry that maybe I should go to the emergency room because I was in so much pain. Now I realise those cramps were contractions and I had probably been in labour for several hours. ‘Anyway, I came out of the tub and sat on the toilet thinking maybe I had to poop something out. But when I thought I had just pooped, I heard something pop. Immediately, I was like that’s not my water breaking right? ‘I put my hand in and I felt a baby’s head. Suddenly my instinct clicked in, I went into emergency mode and I knew I had to deliver this baby. ‘I pushed really hard. I swear that within what felt like five minutes, the baby was out and I was holding Apollo in my hands. It was honestly like holding an alien at the time because I couldn’t believe what I was seeing! ‘I screamed for my husband. He came running into the bathroom and saw the baby that I was holding. ‘I remember him just looking at me in complete shock. The only words that come out of his mouth were “Oh my god”. ‘I told my husband to call my midwife immediately. At 2am, my midwife’s birth assistant came and helped me and Apollo get cleaned up.’ When Apollo arrived, Adrianne says felt relieved because at least she finally knew what was causing her cramps. ‘Apollo was my easiest pregnancy for sure,’ she says. ‘I was eating so healthy and working out regularly that I wonder if that was the reason I didn’t have my usual big pregnancy bump and tiredness with him. ‘Apollo is such a chilled baby and he fits into our family perfectly. But six kids is definitely enough for now!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Luxurious French chateau with 12 bedrooms on the market for just £250,000 MORE : These are the most popular Bridgerton inspired baby names MORE : Doctor flies his Cockapoo 8,000 miles to the UK and back for life-saving heart surgery