A former Tory councillor who abused a child for years and tried to buy his silence with lavish gifts is facing jail. David Smith sexually abused one young boy for four years in offences dating back over a decade. The 33-year-old was also found guilty of exposing himself to another child and trying to make him perform a sex act on him. Smith denied all 11 charges of inciting or engaging in sexual activity with a child but was found guilty after a trial at Teesside Crown Court. The ex-councillor, who stood down from his position on Middlesbrough’s local authority when he was charged, will be sentenced at a later date. Allegations against Smith came to light in 2016 when the first victim broke down and told his mother and girlfriend. Smith spent £10,000 showering him with gifts and cannabis, the court heard, and took him on trips to Liverpool and Edinburgh. In a police interview, he revealed how the abuse escalated, telling officers: ‘It gradually got more and more as it went along until he was basically molesting me. ‘But I gradually thought “this is wrong”, I knew then that he shouldn’t be doing that but I said nothing because I was embarrassed.’ Whilst giving evidence, the victim said: ‘He used to buy me all sorts, in the past he must have spent £6,000 to £10,000 on me easy. ‘It was clothes, it was drugs, I used to smoke cannabis a lot and he used buy me it. ‘He used to constantly buy me it every day, at least £20 a day.’ The second victim was a teenager when Smith would expose himself and then ask him to touch his genitals. He said: ‘He would flash me and as a kid I was shocked and didn’t know where to put myself. ‘After a month-and-a-half, it went from him flashing me to him asking me to touch him. ‘It got to the point where he was getting closer to me and got more insistent as found he was getting away with it.’ Smith’s trial was repeatedly delayed because of disruption to the court service during the pandemic. He will be sentenced at a later date and faces a custodial sentence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.