Miley Cyrus has contracted Covid-19 just days before the Grammys but the star said being able to go on her international tour was worth getting the illness. She pointed out that the chances of her getting it had been ‘pretty high’ considering the thousands of fans she met and played for during the tour, which recently finished up in South America. ‘Traveling around the world, playin for a 100,000 people a night & meeting hundreds of fans a day the chances of getting Covid are pretty high [sic],’ she wrote on social media. ‘I have Covid now but it was definitely worth it… I am feeling fine so don’t worry about me!’ The singer, who recently paid tribute to Foo Fighters’ Taylor Hawkins, said the positive test meant she could no longer attend a charity event for the organisation Janie’s Fund, and apologised to its founder Steven Tyler. Miley’s had a very eventful tour, after she got caught up in the terrifying storm in Paraguay, with her plane being struck by lightning. The 29-year-old shared a video of passengers gasping at the sight of lightning out the window, as she, her family and friends headed to Asunción, Paraguay. She wrote on Instagram: ‘To my fans and everyone worried after hearing about my flight to Asunción. ‘Our plane was caught in a major unexpected storm and struck by lighting. My crew , band , friends and family who were all traveling with me are safe after an emergency landing. ‘We were unfortunately unable to fly into Paraguay. 💔 I LOVE YOU.’ Musicians including Machine Gun Kelly and Doja Cat were also impacted by the dramatic storm. The Grammys are due to take place on April 4, although Miley previously hit out at the awards due to her album Plastic Hearts and hit single Midnight Sky being snubbed from the nods at the event. She tweeted: ‘In good company’, along with a link to an article of artists who have, as of yet, never won a competitive Grammy, including Diana Ross, Sia, ABBA, Nas, Queen, The Beach Boys and Bjork. Miley did, however, snag a nomination at the Grammys thanks to her credit on Lil Nas X’s Montero, which is up for album of the year. The former Disney star received her first and only solo nomination in 2015 for best pop vocal album for Bangerz, losing out to Sam Smith’s In The Lonely Hour. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Miley Cyrus says Liam Hemsworth marriage was ‘f*****g disaster’ moments after couple get engaged on stage MORE : Miley Cyrus dedicating next concert to Foo Fighters’ Taylor Hawkins after his death aged 50: ‘Love Forever’ 