John Fury has demanded that BT Sport remove David Haye from commentating on Tyson Fury’s fight with Dillian Whyte next weekend. Fury, who is unbeaten in 32 fights, will defend his WBC heavyweight title against Whyte at Wembley on April 23. And Haye has already predicted that Whyte, who has lost to Anthony Joshua and Alexander Povetkin in his career, will cause an upset. ‘You know, the type of opponent that you’d need to beat Tyson Fury – Dillian Whyte has all of those attributes,’ Haye told talkSPORT. ‘He can punch hard, he’s got cardio for days he’s got the desire and belief in himself. ‘I think Whyte is going to pull off the upset. I think this is his opportunity. I think this is what he’s been waiting for. ‘This happened at the right time for him and I think the fact that Tyson Fury’s so highly regarded by everybody works in Dillian’s favour. ‘So I’m going with the unpopular underdog.’ But John Fury has revealed that he has ordered the fight’s promoter, Frank Warren, to remove Haye from any commentary or punditry duty for his son’s fight as he does not want ‘negative vibes’ around the ring. ‘David Haye is not allowed to comment on that show,’ John Fury told talkSPORT. ‘David Haye needs to take a back seat in the stands where nobody can see him. ‘I’ve already made it quite clear to Frank Warren – he is not allowed to be commentating on my son’s fight, otherwise there will be a problem. ‘That’s black and white, the nation can hear me. He’s a hater, I don’t want him near my family, that’s the bottom line. ‘They know me, BT, and I will not be silent if he’s there.’ Asked if it is difficult to get Haye removed from the show, Fury replied: ‘No, it’s not difficult because he’s never got a prediction right. ‘He’s the worst pundit in the world and I’ll tell you why – his heart rules his head. ‘Because he would have his crown jewels chopped off if Dillian Whyte could beat Tyson Fury. ‘And I don’t want people, them negative vibes, around the ring. I’m sorry, but that’s the way it is. ‘There’s a lot of good commentators out there, not one-sided, talk the truth, equal, sit on the fence, they watch the boxing and whatever’s happening, they comment the truth. Better people than him. ‘He would say Santa Claus to beat Tyson Fury next Saturday night. ‘He’s a hater, always has been and he’s jealous of Tyson because he’d love to be the man Tyson is and he can’t, and jealousy consumes him. ‘It’s been proven and I don’t want him near the show.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 