Rishi Sunak, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, has faced intense scrutiny this week after it was revealed his wife, Akshata Murty, claims ‘non dom’ tax status in the UK. Being ‘non dom’ – or non-domiciled – has an impact on the amount of tax Murty will be expected to pay. Considering she has a net worth reportedly exceeding £400 million, many have condemned the use of such a loophole after the Chancellor has overseen the budgets in a cost of living crisis. Sunak has hit back at the ‘smears’ aimed at his wife’s non dom status, inferring they are nothing more than a ‘political hit job.’ If you’re still confused about what non dom means, including how you get to claim the status and what the benefits include, let us explain… Non-domicile status is an optional status for UK residents who consider their permanent home – or their domicile – to be outside of the UK. A domicile refers to where people consider their permanent home over the course of their life, and this can be somewhere abroad even if they have lived in the UK for many years, as Akshata Murty has with Rishi Sunak. Murty has non dom status by claiming her domicile as India. The 42-year-old was born near Bangalore, a city in the south of India, to parents N.R. Narayana and Sudha Murty. Together, her parents built software firm Infosys. Mr Murty was the firm’s CEO for over two decades, between 1981 and 2002, shaping it into an empire worth billions of dollars. He has since become known as ‘the Bill Gates of India’, with the company reported to be worth around £3.5 billion. Akshata Murty owns a stake in Infosys but her full-time employment is with her fashion label, Akshata Designs. With this status, people may not have to pay British tax on their foreign earnings, or pay less tax. Eligible people can claim non-domicile status on their foreign income if their gains are less than £2,000 in the tax year or their earnings are not brought into the UK, for example, by transferring them to a UK bank account. Akshata Murty does pay UK tax, but it appears this is only on the money she earns in this country. A spokesperson for Murty said she had to use non dom status because of her Indian citizenship. ‘India does not allow its citizens to hold the citizenship of another country simultaneously,’ they said. ‘So, according to British law, Ms Murty is treated as non-domiciled for UK tax purposes. She has always and will continue to pay UK taxes on all her UK income.’ However, most people who claim non dom status must pay an annual levy of £30,000. Though her permanent home is considered outside the UK, Rishi Sunak and Akshata Murty live in a mansion in Kensington, West London, with their two children. They got married in Bengaluru in India in 2009 and moved from the US to the UK four years later, suggesting Murty has lived in the UK for just under 10 years. Non-domicile status is perfectly legal, and has a long history within the UK. It was first introduced by King George III in 1799. Many find the practice controversial, with Labour looking at scrapping the scheme, according to Ed Miliband, leader of the party in 2015. MORE: Rishi Sunak orders Treasury to create government-backed NFT MORE: How much is my council tax increasing? Map reveals highest boroughs in England Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.