More than 70 children under ten have recently become sick with hepatitis, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has announced. All of them have been admitted to hospital, with an urgent investigation underway into what has caused the outbreak. The UKHSA said it is examining 74 cases – 49 in England, 13 in Scotland and 12 across both Wales and Northern Ireland – all of which have occurred since January. It explained that it is investigating a ‘number’ of possible causes behind the spike. One potential line of inquiry is whether or not a group of viruses called adenoviruses – which are behind illnesses like the common cold – may be causing the sickness. Other possible explanations are also being investigated, including whether or not Covid-19 could have played a role in the spate of cases. But officials stressed that there is ‘no link’ to coronavirus jabs as none of the children affected have been vaccinated. Dr Meera Chand, director of clinical and emerging infections at the UKHSA, urged parents to be alert to the signs of hepatitis amid the rise in cases. She said in a statement: ‘We are working swiftly with the NHS and public health colleagues in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland to investigate a wide range of possible factors which may be causing children to be admitted to hospital with liver inflammation known as hepatitis. ‘One of the possible causes that we are investigating is that this is linked to adenovirus infection. ‘However, we are thoroughly investigating other potential causes. ‘Normal hygiene measures such as good handwashing, including supervising children, and respiratory hygiene, help to reduce the spread of many of the infections that we are investigating. ‘We are also calling on parents and guardians to be alert to the signs of hepatitis, including jaundice, and to contact a healthcare professional if they are concerned.’ Adenoviruses are a family of common viruses that usually cause a range of mild illnesses – including colds, vomiting and diarrhoea – and most people recover without complications, the UKHSA said. While they do not typically cause hepatitis, it is a known rare complication of the virus. Adenoviruses are commonly passed from person to person and by touching contaminated surfaces, as well as through the ‘respiratory route’, the agency added. It said that the most effective way to minimise the spread of illnesses is to practice good hand and respiratory hygiene and supervise thorough handwashing in younger children. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Girl, 3, ‘dead behind the eyes’ after eating Kinder treats linked to salmonella