Extra police have been called to Manchester Airport to help curb the Easter holiday chaos – but customers have been warned the disruption will likely go into summer. Scenes of disarray have emerged at UK airports as thousands flock to enjoy trips abroad in the first Easter holidays without Covid rules for two years. But a spike in virus cases have sparked staff shortages – with huge queues and long delays. More than 1,000 flights have been axed across the country in the last few days, with Heathrow, Manchester and Birmingham airports facing the worst scenarios. Manchester mayor Andy Burnham revealed a raft of measures to curb the crisis today – but said it was expected to last two months more. There will be an increased police presence at the hub, while staff from the bus and tram network will be drafted in to assist with ‘queue management and communication’. Overtime will be increased and temporary staff brought in, as customers named the situation a ‘fiasco’. Some airlines will offer bag check-in the night before flights if travellers are booked on an early service and there will be better information available for those queuing. The public has been advised to arrive at the airport 3 hours before flights, check-in bags in advance and minimise hand luggage. Following a meeting with the senior management team at the airport, Mr Burnham said some issues were ‘beyond staff control’, but added other things ‘could have been done differently’. ‘Like everyone, I have been concerned to see some of the scenes at Manchester Airport over recent times’, he said. ‘Many passengers have faced an unacceptable experience and it is important that every possible step is taken to prevent a repeat. People preparing to travel are understandably worried and there is a need for the clearest possible advice before they do. ‘All airports have struggled to one extent or another with lengthy queues caused by staffing issues arising from the pandemic. But it is clear that Manchester has faced particular challenges.’ He added: ‘Sadly, the disruption is not going to disappear overnight and this advice will have to be in place for the foreseeable future. ‘While the airport expects that there will be some disruption for the next two months, I want people to be reassured that the airport, supported by colleagues in Greater Manchester, are putting in measures to ease it.’ Manchester Airport’s managing director has stepped down amid the Easter Holiday troubles. The airport faces challenges ahead but ‘will soon start to see the benefits of the recovery plans Ms Smart has helped put in place’, a statement from bosses read. Manchester City Council has said they are ‘supporting and working closely’ with hub bosses to solve problems. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.