Romeo Beckham has been pictured cuddling up with girlfriend Mia Regan on a yacht in Miami, ahead of Brooklyn and Nicola Peltz’s wedding in Palm Beach. The 19-year-old footballer – who currently plays for Fort Lauderdale CF – was seen sunbathing on the deck of dad David Beckham’s boat in a pair of Gucci swimming shorts with 19-year-old model Mia, who wore a yellow vest and brown and white shorts. Footballing legend David was also photographed on board, relaxing on a sofa seat and smiling in a black T-shirt and cutoff denim shorts. Romeo and Mia were also photographed departing the boat to enjoy some solo time together. The cute couple started dating back in 2019, making their relationship Instagram official when Mia wished Romeo a Happy 17th Birthday and added the caption: ‘Haps smiley bday Romo.’ In May 2020, Romeo marked their one year anniversary on social media by sharing a series of photos of the couple looking loved up together and added the caption: ‘Happy 1 year mooch love u so much. @mimimoocher.’ Back in March, the pair travelled to Paris for Victoria Beckham‘s Fashion Week show, and were seen taking photos of each other on the streets of the French capital. Mia previously modelled the designer’s Reebok x Victoria Beckham collaborative collection, and filmed a number of Victoria Beckham beauty tutorials for the brand’s official Instagram page. The Beckham family are currently in Florida for Brooklyn’s wedding to actress Nicola, which is expected to take place on Saturday, April 9, at Nicola’s family estate in Palm Beach, one of the many extravagant homes owned by her father, billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz. It’s understood that Romeo, along with younger brother Cruz, will act as best men at the ceremony, with little sister Harper set to be a bridesmaid. Father of the groom David will be Master of Ceremonies and is expected to deliver a speech during the reception. Celebrity guests expected to attend the wedding include Madonna’s son Rocco Ritchie, who grew up with Brooklyn, model Gigi Hadid, Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen, family friend Eva Longoria, and Nicole Richie. The event is expected to last across the weekend. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Romeo Beckham, 19, towers over mum Victoria as teenager gets to grips with fashion world at Saint-Laurent show in Paris MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz wedding: Celebrity guest list rumours MORE : Gordon Ramsay and family jet into Miami for Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s star-studded $3,000,000 wedding 