Want to buy a house for less than you’d usually need to save up for a deposit? ‘Course you do. But you’ll need to do some work. This two-bedroom house in Fenton, Staffordshire, is indeed going up for auction with a starting price of just £5,000… but that’s because it needs, as the listing puts it, ‘cosmetic improvement’. That’s a polite way of saying it’s full of junk. This is apparent from the moment you open the front door, where mounds of mail clutter the hallway. It looks like the former residents did something to do with ceramics, or ceramic mould making, as you’ll find all sorts of paraphenalia littered throughout the space. On the ground floor sit two reception rooms, both with rubble and dust on the floor along with pottery-related items. Also on this level is the kitchen, where the paint on the walls has chipped away and a microwave sits among the detritus, and a bathroom, where the sink and bathtub appear to be filled with yet more ceramics gear. Upstairs are two bedrooms… and more of the former residents’ belongings. Basically, unless you, too, are a ceramicist, you might need to rent a skip. And you’ll need to give everything a good clearout and scrub down regardless. But for just £5,000 for a two-bedroom house, that seems worth it, no? Outside is an overgrown garden with yet more rubbish among the grass. The vacant house will go up for auction on Tuesday May 24. We’d like to note that along with the clutter, there also appear to be some holes in the ceiling. The listing states: ‘The property would make an excellent investment and could potentially be suitable for a further extension to the rear, subject to planning permission.’ If you’re interested, you can find out more and put in your bid through Under The Hammer. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The house where Basic Instinct was filmed is on sale for £22.6million MORE : Renovated police station complete with jail cells lands on the market for £600,000 MORE : What I Own: Content creator Rhian, who pays £950 a month towards the mortgage on her Bedfordshire home