Last week, Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz tied the knot at a lavish ceremony in Palm Beach. And it’s safe to say that everyone has had Nicola’s stunning bridal ensemble on their minds ever since. The model sported a gorgeous custom-made Valentino wedding dress – complete with a lengthy train and matching veil. Beauty-wise, she opted for a half-up and half-down hairdo – inspired by Claudia Schiffer’s 90s style and Brigitte Bardot. Stunning photos of the happy couple show off the incredible dress in all its glory – and many have noted how simple-yet-effective it was. The square neck has also been a talking point – making a change from popular sweetheart, scoop or halter-neck styles. It’s also a very versatile option, as it offers enough coverage for those with bigger busts, but is a flattering style for petite frames, too. If you’re interested in trying a square-necked wedding dress, the high street has plenty to offer. We’ve rounded up some of our favourites – these are some of the best available right now. So you can get the look for less. Buy it now from Monsoon for £249 Elegant and simple, this dress boasts a square neckline and structured bodice – with satin piping to create a corset effect. Buy it now from Reformation for £435 The shoulder bow straps on this create a unique square-neckline. Plus adds extra detail to this stunning gown. Buy it now from Whistles for £499 Keep it classic with this Whistles number. Buy it now from John Lewis for £499 The embellishments on this dress will catch the light beautifully on the big day. Buy it now from ASOS for £120 You can’t go wrong with a strappy dress, and this style is a timeless winner. Buy it now from Reformation for £300 Simple and understated, this dress is super feminine and ideal if you prefer to cover your arms. Buy it now from Wolf & Badger for £320 For those who want to show a little more skin, this slinky Wolf & Badger piece could be a great option. Buy it now from Wolf & Badger for £641 Something a little different, this jumpsuit features a square-style neckline – minus the straps. A good one for brides looking for something more alternative. Buy it now from Selfridges for £1,260 Go classic with this Jenny Yoo stretch-crepe and lace gown with an all-over embroidered floral pattern, floral lace trim and an open-back. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What to write in a wedding card: 53 messages, quotes, jokes and romantic poems MORE : Bride blushes as maid of honour plays voice note she sent after first date with husband MORE : The best engagement ring for you based on your star sign