Vladimir Putin has vowed to use nuclear weapons against countries that interfere with his war in Ukraine in his latest chilling warning to the west. The dictator said his response to anyone who ‘threatens’ Russia will be ‘lightning-fast’ and deadly. He told politicians in St Petersburg: ‘If someone intends to interfere in what is going on from the outside, they must know that constitutes an unacceptable strategic threat to Russia. ‘We have all the weapons we need for this. No one else can brag about these weapons, and we won’t brag about them. But we will use them.’ Although Putin did not mention nuclear weapons directly, it is likely he was referring to Russia’s new Sarmat 2 nuclear missile which was tested for the first time just days ago. The weapon is said to be capable of destroying an area twice the size of Britain. The warning comes after a new video of Putin’s hand shaking uncontrollably sparked fresh speculation about his ailing health. Today is not the first time the despot has made nuclear threats to the west over Ukraine, but they have become more frequent in recent weeks. Earlier today, Kremlin propagandist Vladimir Solovyov directly threatened the UK with nuclear weapons,  saying that ‘one Sarmat missile means minus one Great Britain’. On Monday, foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warned that Russia is now fighting a proxy-war with the whole of Nato and the risk of it turning nuclear is ‘real’. Lavrov said current relations in Europe said are worse than during the Cuban missile crisis at the height of the Cold War. Asked directly about the possibility of a nuclear war, he said: ‘The risks are very significant. I do not want the danger to be artificially inflated [but] it is serious, real. It cannot be underestimated.’ Maria Zakharova, spokesman for the foreign ministry, then issued a threat to strike Nato countries supplying arms to Ukraine – with the UK among those leading the deliveries. However, Ukraine has downplayed the threat and accused Russia of trying to scare the world off helping it fend off the Kremlin’s advances. On Monday foreignminister Dmytro Kuleba tweeted: ‘Russia loses last hope to scare the world off supporting Ukraine. ‘Thus the talk of a ‘real’ danger of WWIII. ‘This only means Moscow senses defeat in Ukraine. Therefore, the world must double down on supporting Ukraine so that we prevail and safeguard European and global security.’ Boris Johnson also said yesterday that he does not believe Putin will follow through on his threats. Asked if he expected Putin to consider using tactical nuclear weapons if he suffered more military failures in Ukraine, he said: ‘No, I don’t. ‘Given the massive Russian backing for what he is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.