Dozens more EasyJet flights have been cancelled after a weekend of disruption for passengers. Some holidaymakers have found themselves stranded as the budget airline battles to cope with staff absences. More than 200 services have been axed since Friday and 62 more have already been pulled as Monday gets under way Air steward crews are being hit hard by a surge in Covid-19 cases across the UK which has seen infection levels hit a new record. It comes amid chaos at some airports with infrastructure struggling to cope with the Easter rush, increased levels of employees on sick leave and technical difficulties. A spokesperson for EasyJet said standby crew have been drafted in to offset problems but confirmed ‘we have also decided to make some cancellations in advance’. A statement continued: ‘Unfortunately it has been necessary to make some additional cancellations for today and tomorrow. ‘We are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause to customers on affected flights.’ Simon Rudkins, 50, said he was due to return from a ski trip in the Alps with his family when the airline contacted him with less than 10 hours notice saying their flight was cancelled. The landscape gardener, who was travelling with his 85-year-old mother who suffers from dementia, said: ‘We called easyJet asking for alternatives. ‘We basically got told “no, there’s nothing, no flights at all. The best you can do is fly tomorrow”. ‘I probably wouldn’t go near easyJet (again). Not because of the fact they’ve had to cancel a flight, but because they don’t care and there was no explanation given.’ Passengers have experienced long queues at Heathrow Airport and Manchester Airport over the weekend. The UK’s busiest airport attributed the congestion to Covid-19 checks required by destination countries and ‘high passenger volumes’. But there were also reports of staff shortages and problems with the e-gate passport checkpoints as travellers took to social media to air their frustrations, with some saying they had waited hours to take off. Manchester Airport has experienced similar problems in recent weeks as it has struggled to cope with delays due to increased traveller numbers amid staff shortages. Some holidaymakers landing also voiced complaints about extensive waits in the baggage reclaim halls. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.