Sir Alex Ferguson has urged Erik ten Hag to ‘get in control’ of Manchester United once he moves to Old Trafford in the summer. United officially announced Ten Hag’s appointment last week, with the Ajax head coach replacing interim manager Ralf Rangnick at the end of the season. Ten Hag already faces a tough task with United almost certain to miss out on a place in next season’s Champions League, while Rangnick claimed last week that the team are six years behind Liverpool and Manchester City. Ferguson won 38 major trophies during his time at United but the Scot arrived at Old Trafford in 1986 with the intention of overhauling the club. And the 80-year-old insists Ten Hag must immediately stamp his authority at United. When asked about Ten Hag’s appointment, Ferguson told RTE Racing: ‘Well, I hope he does well because the club needs someone to get in control. ‘I hope he does well, yeah.’ Meanwhile, former United striker Dwight Yorke, who was a key part of Ferguson’s treble-winning side in 1999, has also urged Ten Hag to take ‘full control’ at Old Trafford. ‘I think [Ten Hag has] got a very difficult job,’ Yorke told ESPN. ‘Simply because it has been a bit of a disaster for us as a football club in terms of personnel and where the team is at. ‘There’s no hiding place in that. We’re not where we’re supposed to be. But there’s a new beginning, a new start for a manager who a lot of people don’t particularly know. ‘Obviously, he has done well in Holland. [But] the Premier League is a whole new ball game. Manchester United’s manager is on a whole different level. ‘You’ve seen the previous managers that have come there with big names and big reputations and they haven’t really got over the line. There’s no doubt the job at hand is something he needs to embrace. ‘I keep saying that he has to embrace going in there and have full control. ‘If he has full control he can implement his style, his way, and the players that he wants on board to make sure he can get the best out of them. I think that is the key. ‘I think they will give him time, the fans are aware of that. But they want to see progress. I know people are saying it will take some time but ultimately they will want to see some progress along the way. ‘I can only stand and watch and wish him the best in many respects. But there is no doubt this is the biggest job in world football and with the struggles we’ve encountered this season, there is no way that is going to be an easy task for him.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 