Over the course of the pandemic, we’ve had a lot of feelings. Those of us who’ve caught the virus over the last two years ended up having to shy away from the rest of our family or housemates for days, spending all our time in our rooms with little to do other than lust powerfully over Connell’s chain or The Duke of Hastings’… well everything. Some had to move back in with their parents, their financial independence thrown into doubt. Now that the lockdowns are (hopefully) all in our rear views for good, there’s lots of chat of impulsivity, and of seizing the day now that we can. The rumoured comebacks of slacker culture and the decadent hedonism of indie sleaze have been rumbling on for months now, and we’re in the midst of a great resignation, with many rebelling against the daily grind status quo. Doesn’t it all sound a bit… teenage? I know I feel it – it’s like all the angst, anxiety and social isolation has suddenly pushed me back 10 years. Now I’m getting heavily back into emo music, casually popping out to get tattoos of a Friday afternoon, and now that it’s nice out, my only remaining ambition seems to be hanging out with my friends and drinking tinnies in the park. I’m not mad about it, but how exactly has this happened? Psychotherapist Noel McDermott says it could partly be down to the fact that we as a society are looking to ‘let loose’. ‘What we are seeing since the pandemic in terms of human regression can be described as demob happy behaviour – it’s a term that comes from soldiers leaving the restrictions of army life and letting loose. ‘After the Spanish flu pandemic, we saw the same thing. It should be remembered that after that one we also saw the roaring 20s, and many of us expected the same after this one. ‘It’s obviously a little overshadowed by the invasion of Ukraine but nevertheless to be expected.’ Counselling Directory member Nicoleta Porojanu tells us that she’s worked with people in her practice while they’re ‘navigating painful transitions in life’, and says our regression and desire to let loose could be down to more than just the ending or restrictions. She’s found that these ‘happiness seekers’ she sees end up going ‘naturally through stages of awakening to the true reality of their existence and the impermanence of life’. ‘This often manifests as reduced compliance to the external world,’ she adds, ‘the cultural norms, the status quo and an increase in the awareness of self and appreciation of one’s own life. ‘From that space, we want to feel less under pressure to perform, to achieve and to prove our greatness to the outer world, and we somehow give ourselves permission to tap into aliveness and vitality again, like we did when we were teenagers. ‘This can make us regress to our early stages of life when we were careless and embraced the blissfulness of life stress-free, which is highly beneficial for our mental health as it allows for playfulness and spontaneity to return into our lives after they’ve been suppressed by the demanding, fast-changing world around us.’ So, if we can productively give in to some of these feelings as adults, then we could be in for a much-needed boost of passion and joie de vivre. ‘Now, from a socioeconomic stance, regression in adults might be a matter of concern as they are expected to fulfil strict roles in society,’ says Nicoleta. ‘But from a psychological perspective, casual regression in time is absolutely essential for our wellbeing. ‘Regression can provide an outlet to escape the hardship of life and that break can bring us back into a state of physical and mental balance and emotional self-regulation.’ Noel says that teenage-esque lust for life and quest for excitement many of us are feeling right now makes perfect sense. ‘It’s pretty understandable we want to party after the restrictions imposed by Covid,’ he explains. ‘I wouldn’t say it’s a mental health issue – more a perfectly understandable wish to let off steam. ‘Go and have fun is my suggestion.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How to deal with intense crushes on fictional characters as an adult MORE : Almost half of us have ended a relationship after a couples’ trip gone wrong – here’s how to get it right MORE : Brits have ‘lost an average of four friends’ since the start of the pandemic