Former world No.1 Marcelo Rios has called Novak Djokovic ‘stupid’ over his vaccination stance. The 20-time grand-slam champion Djokovic missed the Australian Open in January after he was deported from the country on account of his decision not to get vaccinated against Covid-19. His fierce rival Rafael Nadal ended up winning the season’s first grand-slam in Melbourne, nudging ahead to 21 in the race to finish with the most slams. Djokovic – who was also absent at Indian Wells and Miami due to restrictions on unvaccinated players – is set to play at the Monte Carlo Masters this week. And Rios, the 2008 Australian Open runner-up, believes Djokovic should soon get vaccinated as it is affecting his career and could stop him finishing up as the greatest tennis player of all time. Speaking to La Tercera newspaper, Rios said: ‘I thought the same [initially], but then I started travelling and I had to take it. ‘I don’t know what the reason is, but if you’re trying to be the best in history and you’re going to give up the race for some vaccines, you have to be the king of stupidity. ‘I believe that at first it was out of fear, but now he is being too arrogant.’ Since the pandemic began in March 2020, Djokovic has been at the centre of a number of controversies. During the height of the crisis two years ago, he launched the Adria Tour in the Balkans which involved a series of exhibition events. But the scheme was abandoned after a sudden outbreak of the virus at one of its tournaments. Meanwhile following the rollout of vaccines, Djokovic has argued for the freedom of choice and following his Australian Open debacle has become recognised as a leading figure for anti-vax protesters. However, in an interview with the BBC in February, the 34-year-old denied that he was against vaccines. ‘I was never against vaccination,’ he said. ‘But I’ve always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body.’ Djokovic hopes to play at the French Open and Wimbledon this year where there will likely be no restrictions on unvaccinated players. MORE : Novak Djokovic given green light to defend French Open title after Covid restrictions are relaxed MORE : Daniil Medvedev reacts to losing world No.1 spot and reveals Novak Djokovic aim For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 