The Royal Family are attending an Easter Sunday service in Windsor without the Queen. The ageing monarch is normally a stalwart at the yearly church event but she has faced a number of health scares in recent months. She was not expected to join other Royals, who were led by her Grandson, Prince William, at St George’s Chapel after experiencing mobility issues and catching Covid-19. Charles, the Prince of Wales, and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall – who represented the Queen at Thursday’s Royal Maundy service at the same chapel – were also not expected to attend. But William, and his wife Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, were seen in the spring sunshine with their children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte. The children dressed similarly to their parents, with future King George, eight, wearing a suit and tie like his father. His younger brother, Prince Louis, was not pictured attending. Kate dressed in light blue, as did her daughter, six, who held William’s hand as she walked to the chapel in the grounds of the castle. The Queen, 95, had been present at a recent service at Westminster Abbey commemorating the life of her husband Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh. She has also been carrying out virtual events and her other duties as head of state, but has been seen very little in public in recent months. Ahead of her 96th birthday on Thursday, the Queen celebrated her Platinum Jubilee in February having spent a night in hospital last October. She also spent the following three months under doctors’ orders to only conduct light duties, missing a number of prominent events. The Queen had a visit from her grandson Prince Harry, the Duke of Sussex, and his wife Meghan Markle, the Duchess of Sussex, in Windsor on Thursday. The couple had flown from their home in the US and stopped off in England, also visiting Charles, before heading to The Hague in the Netherlands for the Invictus Games. Harry and Meghan’s attendance at a reception at the games on Friday marked their first public appearance together in Europe since quitting as senior working royals more than two years ago. Harry founded the Invictus Games to aid the rehabilitation of injured or sick military personnel and veterans from across the globe, by giving them the challenge of competing in sporting events similar to the Paralympics. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Harry offered ‘olive branch’ to Prince Charles before secret meeting with Queen