The Prime Minister has said sorry after being found to have broken his own Covid rules by police – and says he has paid his fine. But Boris Johnson refused to resign and claimed it ‘did not occur to him’ at the time that he might have breached Covid rules on his 56th birthday. He has become the first sitting Prime Minister to have been found to have broken the law – despite insisting for months that all guidance had been followed amid the partygate scandal. Mr Johnson’s response and ‘full apology’ comes shortly after it emerged that his wife Carrie had also paid her fine, and amid widespread calls for him to quit. The PM said: ‘I have to say, in all frankness, at that time it did not occur to me that this might have been a breach of the rules. ‘But of course the police have found otherwise and I fully respect the outcome of their investigation.’ Asked if he would resign following the explosive revelations, Mr Johnson did not address the question directly, but said: ‘I want to be able to get on and deliver the mandate that I have, but also to tackle the problems that the country must face right now and to make sure that we get on with delivering for the people in this country. ‘That is my priority.’ Asked whether the fact he had broken his own laws meant that was not possible, he added: ‘I believe that it’s my job to get on and deliver for the people this country and that’s what I’m going to do.’ The lockdown-busting events and countless denials that they took place has sparked huge public anger in recent months, with people furious that those who made the rules did not obey them and then lied about it. Speaking at Chequers, the PM explained: ‘Let me say immediately that I’ve paid the fine and I once again offer a full apology and in the spirit of openness and humility I want to be completely clear about what happened on that date. ‘I visited a school in Hemel Hempstead, which took me out of Downing Street for over four hours and amongst all these engagements on a day that happened to be my birthday, there was a brief gathering in the Cabinet Room shortly after 2pm lasting for less than 10 minutes, during which people I work with kindly passed on their good wishes.’ The Metropolitan Police say the breach actually occurred over an hour, not ten minutes. Mr Johnson initially appeared to ignore the scandal, by instead tweeting about Ukraine after it emerged that he was being fined for an event on June 19, 2020. Mr Johnson claimed he takes ‘full responsibility for everything’ but that he ‘couldn’t be everywhere at once’ when asked about the widespread nature of the gatherings across Whitehall. The PM said he ‘fully respects’ the outcome of the Met’s investigation and that he accepts ‘in all sincerity that people had the right to expect better’. He had repeatedly told the House of Commons and the public that no laws were broken and no parties took place. Mr Johnson added on Monday: ‘Now I feel an even greater sense of obligation to deliver on the priorities of the British people.’ He claimed that he would now ‘do what is best for the country I serve’ – something many across the political spectrum think would be offering his resignation, along with his Chancellor. The Labour, Liberal Democrat and SNP leaders have all called for him to go. The PM continued: ‘Of course I take full responsibility for everything, but don’t forget the Downing Street is about, you know, 15,000 square feet. It’s got a lot of officials working in it – hundreds and hundreds of officials – I couldn’t be everywhere at once. ‘But clearly once it became obvious what had been happening, the types of behaviour that unfortunately sadly we’d seen, we’ve taken steps to change things and Downing Street has been radically transformed. ‘It’s a very different organisation and we’re focusing 100% on delivering our agenda.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : All the times Boris said no rules were broken at Downing Street lockdown parties