You know things are in a right ol’ mess in Las Vegas when even Justin Bieber can’t find a decent tailor. Yes, alterations businesses are clearly few and far between as the Biebs fronted up to last night’s Grammy Awards in a baggy, grey Balenciaga blazer we assume is on the cutting edge of fashion but we can’t help but want to cut a good few inches off the cuffs instead. And this is why we’ll never sit with the cool kids. The Peaches singer and his wife Hailey Bieber strutted their stuff (‘strutted their stuff’: another reason why cannot sit with the cool kids) on the carpet ahead of the ceremony on Sunday night, where the singer was nominated for eight awards, and there was no way Justin was going under the radar in that blazer with matching trousers, along with chunky platform boots that would give your sad Crocs a run for their money. He also added a bright pink hat, because, to borrow a Thelma and Louise idea, when you’ve already gone that far, might as well just keep going. And from descriptions of ‘a giant walking suit’ to suggesting he used Shaquille O’Neal’s measurements, you better ruddy bet the Internet was in a tizz about the ensemble. There really was a lot of comparison to Shaq, with one writing: ‘Credits to Shaquille O’Neil for lending Justin Bieber one of his suits to prevent him from coming to the #GRAMMYs naked,’ and another chiming in: ‘Lol@justinbieber look like he was running late and borrowed @SHAQ ’s suit jacket .’ And then there were the suggestions Justin was actually a collection of several people stood on one another’s shoulders: ‘That’s not Justin Bieber that’s three kids in an oversized suit.’ The outfit was even the talk of the morning telly, with Ranvir Singh sharing some thoughts on the sartorial decisions made. Speaking on this morning’s Good Morning Britain, she said: ‘What is wrong with Hollywood, he looks miserable, just go to the tailors.’ Justin also doubled down on the quirk as he took to the stage to perform his hit Peaches in some leather slacks, giving us a real Ross from Friends vibe – we can only hope he had someone on stand-by backstage with some talc to peel him out. Who are we to jest, though, when the trousers – which he paired down with a black hoodie and cap – appeared to get punters hot and bothered and comparing certain body parts to peaches… It’s all well and good for us to take the mick out of the singer’s outfits, but Justin (who sadly took home no wins last night) had his fans, with one writing on Twitter: ‘Unpopular opinion clearly but i love his fit.’ Another noted to detractors: ‘Say what you want but justin bieber can pull over that oversized suit. he can pull off anything. [sic]’ MORE : Billie Eilish honours late Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins during powerful rain-soaked Grammys performance MORE : Emotional Lady Gaga pays tribute to Tony Bennett in rousing Grammys performance as music icon unable to attend due to ill health