Spring is a wonderful time for a wardrobe refresh. Not only does it seem like everyone’s spring cleaning, but we’re also (hopefully) putting away our winter clothes for the rest of the year, and taking stock of what we want our summer style to be. Lizzie Grant, founder of Declutter on Demand and Vinted’s resident decluttering expert, tells us: ‘Spring is a great prompt to get organised and declutter your wardrobe. With the warmer weather coming, we feel more energised to get things done and as the seasons change, so do the clothes we need to access in our wardrobes. ‘By decluttering and organising your clothes now, you can enjoy the transition into the warmer months knowing you love wearing everything in your wardrobe and that you can easily access all your clothes.’ If you’re thinking about having a seasonal style refresh, or looking at a closet that’s about to burst, then we’ve got some tips from style and decluttering experts for you on how you can wade through the chaos and spring clean your wardrobe. Before you begin, think about what your goal for this spring clean is going to be. Lizzie says: ‘Your aim might be to have a wardrobe made up solely of seasonally appropriate clothes you love and wear, or to enable you to easily find clothes when you want them, or to change your buying habits. ‘Whatever your reason, keep what you want to achieve at the forefront of your mind during your sort out. This will keep you focused and motivated when decluttering your wardrobe.’ It can be hard to separate the idea of a piece of clothing from the reality of how it fits and makes you feel – so if you’re dithering about getting rid of something, try it on. Adwoa Owusu-Darko, who’s one of Depop’s top sellers, tells us: ‘Sometimes we forget how an item of clothing looks on us and decide to keep or cull things based on how they look on the hanger. ‘Putting clothes on and creating outfits help to remind you why you bought (or maybe why you shouldn’t have bought) the item in the first place. This is the key to keeping clothes you actually intend to wear.’ You’ll find it much easier to take on this task in bite-sized chunks. ‘It is very tempting to pull everything out of your wardrobe and have a big “blitz” spring clear-out,’ says Lizzie. ‘However, this approach often means decision fatigue kicks in halfway through leading you to make decisions you later regret. To avoid this, sort through one category of clothes at a time.’ Lizzie says important questions to ask yourself during a wardrobe refresh are: ‘Do I love it and wear it? If not, why not? Would I buy it again now? ‘Does it make me feel good about myself? Do I have something else that serves the same purpose and which I prefer?’ Adwoa also says we should be checking whether we’ve worn things in the last year, because 12 months is a good benchmark for getting rid. She explains: ‘A good way to indicate how long something’s been sitting in your wardrobe unworn is to flip the hanger around and hang it backwards on the rack – if it stays that way for months, you know you aren’t even trying it on.’ Lizzie adds: ‘Don’t keep clothes which make you feel bad about yourself. For example, if you have held on to an expensive winter coat that you didn’t wear again this year, it is time to let go of it and the guilt surrounding it. ‘We often keep clothes which make us feel bad about our weight or spending habits, or we feel ungrateful about letting go of clothes gifted to us. However, you start the day looking in your wardrobe, so you definitely don’t want to be faced with an army of negative thoughts. ‘Be kind to yourself and let go of those pieces which no longer bring joy to your life or serve a positive purpose for you.’ Assigning yourself a goal of how many items of clothing you want to keep in each category can help those who might struggle to let go. ‘Think about how often your laundry gets done,’ says Lizzie, and therefore how many pieces of clothing in each category you need between washes. ‘ While you’re cleansing your clothing collection, it makes a lot of sense to use is as an opportunity to clean the wardrobe itself. ‘Set aside any clothes which need to be mended, dry-cleaned or washed so that clothes will be ready to wear,’ adds Lizzie. ‘If you are short on space, use vacuum pack bags to pack away your out-of-season clothes. These can then be stored under a bed or on the top of a wardrobe, so you can swap them over when the seasons change. ‘Keep things fresh by popping a fragrance bag in with the clothes so that when you get them out later in the year, they will smell lovely.’ Another way to tell whether a piece of clothing is worth the space it takes up in your closet is by asking yourself what you can wear it with. Adwoa explains: ‘If you can’t create more than one outfit with a piece of clothing, how often will you wear it? Set yourself a rule and if it doesn’t have variety, sell it on.’ Go the whole nine yards with this spring clean and make sure the contents of your wardrobe are nice and organised too. Lizzie says: ‘If an item doesn’t have a specific space to live in which is easily accessible, the entire wardrobe will quickly become messy and cluttered. Focus on organising clothes in a way that works for your preferences and lifestyle. ‘For example, you may want to organise clothing in accordance with occasion e.g. work, casual, party, formal and/or you may want to organise by colour.’ Lizzie’s basic organisation rules to live by are: Letting the clothes you’re getting rid of languish in a landfill isn’t great for the environment, and it’s definitely not doing your walled any favours when you could be selling your stuff instead. ‘Knowing that you are keeping them out of the landfill and giving your belongings a new home can make it easier to let go,’ says Lizzie. ‘I’ve used Vinted to sell belongings for years and always go back to it because it’s really easy to upload items, make sales and get paid. ‘If items are completely worn out or beyond repair, try to recycle or repurpose them wherever possible. For example, worn out socks make great dusters.’ Alternatively, you could also donate them to a charity shop near you. As you go through your wardrobe, have a think about what kind of shopper you are, and whether your shopping habits need to change. Lizzie says: ‘For example, are you a “comfort buyer”, buying clothes as a treat after a stressful week at work? Or perhaps you’re a “last minute buyer”, succumbing to fast fashion and buying something out of necessity but not love? ‘Knowing our own buying patterns and learning what we really love wearing, enables us to change our shopping habits and buy more sustainably and responsibly.’ If you’re still afraid to let some stuff go, you don’t have to pressure yourself to make a decision right then and there – try using a ‘maybe’ box for the next few weeks or months instead. Adwoa says: ‘Going cold turkey on your clothes can be stressful, so giving yourself leeway to keep a few unexplainable items will help make decisions easier. If you’ve survived another six months without touching the box, it’s time to rehome those clothes’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Struggling to declutter? This simple trick makes it so much easier MORE : How to tidy smart and kick your cluttering habit for good MORE : I couldn’t cope with my messy house – so I hired a professional declutterer