The Tinder Swindler has been named Netflix’s most-watched documentary to date. The scandalous film tells the jaw-dropping story of the prolific conman Shimon Hayut who posed as a billionaire playboy on Tinder, and the women who set out to bring him down. Shimon seduced young women around the globe, by posing as a wealthy, jet-setting diamond mogul, and conned his matches out of thousands of pounds. The documentary sensation heard from three of Shimon’s victims, Cecilie Fjellhoy, Pernilla Sjoholm and Ayleen Charlotte, who joined forces to expose his crimes. Netflix announced that 166million hours watched The Tinder Swindler in its first 28 days on the platform, Deadline reports. For comparison, the streamer revealed last year that American Murder: The Family Next Door was its most watched documentary with around 52million users watching. The Tinder Swindler launched February 2 and attracted an astonishing 45.8million hours in its four days on the service, before rising to 64.7million in its first full week. According to one of the documentary’s contributors Pernilla, Shimon actually bragged the film exposing him was about his ‘successful business career’. ‘Even when they were doing the Netflix movie, he was going out and saying there was a Netflix movie being made about his successful business life,’ she told Metro.co.uk. Instead, the documentary exposed Hayut for who he really is, despite him denying any allegations. The news of The Tinder Swindler’s success comes as Netflix unveiled plans to introduce adverts as a way to make a cheaper subscription plan available to viewers. During a quarterly earnings call with investors, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, explained that building commercials into the service would give consumers ‘choice’. Hastings said he had traditionally been ‘against the complexity of advertising, and a big fan of the simplicity of subscription’. ‘But as much as I am a fan of that, I am a bigger fan of consumer choice,’ he added. The Tinder Swindler is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 