Twitter has confirmed it is working on the long-awaited edit feature that users have been requesting for years now. And apparently, it hasn’t come as a result of board member Elon Musk’s recent poll. The social media giant confirmed the news in a tweet, explaining that it’s been working on the option to edit tweets ‘since last year’. Initially, the idea was punted as an April Fools’ joke, but then – very quickly – things got a bit more serious. It emerged that Musk had bought a 9.2% stake in Twitter for $3 billion (£2.3 billion), making him the company’s largest shareholder. He then polled his 80 million followers about an edit button. His poll was highlighted by Twitter’s CEO, Parag Agrawal and, so far, over 73% of the three million respondants said they wanted the edit button. Twitter followed it up with the official announcement, saying it would be testing the feature for a subset of its users. Along with a gif showing how it would work. At present, only Twitter Blue subscribers will get access to the edit button and the company says it will ‘learn what works, what doesn’t, and what’s possible’ before making it widely available. The edit button may be something that users have clamoured for for years, but is it really such a good idea? Not everyone is convinced. Critics have pointed out being able to edit tweets could pose problems if nefarious types take advantage of it. For example, what if an innocuous tweet goes viral only to have the original poster retroactively edit it to contain misinformation. It may then appear that everyone who retweeted it agreed with whatever it contained after the edit. The mythbusting site Snopes already highlighted a case where cryptocurrency scammers created a fake Facebook profile under the name of a real economist. They took older posts from the last 10 years and edited them to support their scam. This particular scam was also highlighted as being possible on Twitter if an edit button was introduced. Similarly, we also don’t know how an edit button would work if politicians, economics, celebrities or academics (or journalists) decided to go back and re-edit their tweets following unfavourable reactions. Likewise, if an account was compromised, what’s to stop hackers going back and sneakily editing previous tweets to make it appear like the account owner said something they never meant. It’s not yet clear how Twitter will implement the option. Will, for example, edited tweets show that they’ve been edited – the same way as Slack messages do? Or will it appear as if the tweet was always shown that way? Either way, it looks like the Twitter edit button will eventually become a reality – even though Twitter promised it would never add it. Do you think it’s a good idea? Let us know below. MORE : Elon Musk appointed to Twitter board and polls users for ‘edit’ button MORE : Cardi B deletes Twitter account after fans criticise her for not attending the Grammys: ‘I hate this dumb*ss fanbase’