It’s fair to say there’s not much that Hollywood has not seen, but it was a shocking moment when Olivia Wilde was served custody papers by Jason Sudeikis while live on stage at the 2022 CinemaCon. The 38-year-old actress was in the middle of a presentation for her film Don’t Worry Darling in Los Angeles on Tuesday night when she received legal documents from her the father of her children. Deadline reports that Wilde was briefly interrupted when she was approached by somebody in the front rows who slid the envelope across the front of the stage toward her. ‘This is for me?’ she is believed to have asked. It has been claimed that Sudeikis was not aware the papers would be served in such a public manner. A representative for Sudeikis said: ‘Mr. Sudeikis had no prior knowledge of the time or place that the envelope would have been delivered as this would solely be up to the process service company involved and he would never condone her being served in such an inappropriate manner.’ CinemaCon has said they are now reviewing their security measures following the incident. In a statement to Deadline, they said: ‘We have never in the history of the convention had an incident where a delegate has approached the stage who was not authorised to be there. ‘In light of this incident, we are re-evaluating our security procedures to ensure the safety of all our attendees.’ Wilde and Sudeikis share two children. They had been engaged but never formally tied the knot, before separating in late 2020. Wilde is currently in a relationship with former One Direction star Harry Styles, who she began dating after casting him in her psychological thriller film Don’t Worry Darling. In an interview with US Vogue in December, she addressed the furore over the 10-year age gap in their relationship. She said: ‘It’s obviously really tempting to correct a false narrative. But I think what you realise is that when you’re really happy, it doesn’t matter what strangers think about you. ‘All that matters to you is what’s real, and what you love, and who you love. ‘In the past 10 years, as a society, we have placed so much more value on the opinion of strangers rather than the people closest to us. ‘I’m happier than I’ve ever been. And I’m healthier than I’ve ever been, and it’s just wonderful to feel that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 