Jurgen Klopp believes Manchester United have improved defensively since Ralf Rangnick arrived at Old Trafford. Liverpool host United at Anfield on Tuesday evening, with Klopp’s side aiming to overtake Manchester City and go top of the Premier League, while a win for the visitors would put them level on points with fourth-placed Tottenham. United have been on a woeful run of form heading into the fixture having won just two of their last eight matches in all competitions. But Klopp is adamant that United are still a major threat. When asked what improvements United have made since Rangnick repleaced Solskjaer, Klopp said on Monday: ‘Obviously, I think, Ralf tried to organise the team, that’s how it is, put in a clear structure with the squad they have. ‘United played some really, really good games but because it’s United even when you win the games it’s difficult to gain some momentum, I can imagine. ‘But they concede less goals, for sure. ‘They’ve dropped some points if you put them on their points tally you see all of a sudden they are fourth in the table and being fourth in the Premier League means you are a quality side because the other opponents you have it’s madness how consistent they’ve been to get somehow close to that area. ‘You see Tottenham flying at the moment, they had a little drop [against Brighton], but the quality they have is incredible. ‘Chelsea are so strong, we’re all still fighting for qualifying for the Champions League next year, if we do that then from that moment on we can thinking about something else. ‘But United are in that group as well and that says a lot about the quality they have.’ Klopp added: ‘United’s obviously in a situation where they won the last game, they were not happy with the performance but the result and the results from other games have opened the door again for the Champions League again. ‘And that’s the Man United we will face now. They will go for it. ‘I’m sure if they want to qualify for the Champions league they’ll have to do it without our points, but between now and then, an intense 90, 95 minutes will have to be played.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 