Eleven Ukrainian footballers and coaches involved in a league near Kyiv are known to have died after Russia launched its ‘medieval’ invasion. The fallen, including those who took up arms to defend their homeland, were hailed as ‘winners in spirit and conscience’ by their association. They include Alexander Sukhenko, a gifted former professional player, who was killed after Moscow’s troops descended on his family home. The 25-year-old had stayed to support residents in the village of Motyzhyn, 31 miles to the west of Kyiv, after it was occupied by Russian troops. League official Valentin Ovdienko told Metro.co.uk that 10 others who have been involved with the Buchan Regional Football Association, which covers the west and north of Kyiv, have also died during the Russian invasion. Mr Ovdienko put his role as vice president of the association aside when the invasion began on February 24. ‘When the war began, a certain chaos reigned as many people were not ready for something medieval in the 21st Century,’ he said. ‘Russian troops went in many directions, in particular from the north, through the uninhabited Chernobyl zone, and on the first day of the war they landed a large landing in the Gostomel area. ‘As a result, many people did not have time to leave and ended up in occupation. ‘Our football federation temporarily stopped its work, all competitions were suspended and I was involved in the evacuation of my family. ‘From the first days of the war, there were reports of numerous civilian casualties.’ The most high-profile loss is that of Alexander Sukhenko along with his mother, Olga Petrovna, who was head of their village, and father, Igor Vasilyevich, an entrepreneur and philanthropist. Alexander had won trophies in the amateur game after suffering injuries during a spell as a professional. He supported Dynamo Kiev but had a fondness for Liverpool after they came to the capital for the Champion’s League final in 2019. Despite the family’s visibility, they remained in Motyzhyn after it was occupied by Russian forces, helping supply aid to local people and organising evacuations. They are believed to have been tortured and killed by Russian troops who seized the trio from their home before leaving their bodies in a sandy pit just outside their village. Alexander was hailed as a ‘national treasure’ by his sister last week as residents paid the family a final farewell after the Kremlin pulled its troops out of areas to the north of Kyiv. Mr Ovdienko, who knew the family, said: ‘In the village, the Sukhenko family was very well respected, it can be said without exaggeration that they were considered the elite of the local community. ‘They silently did their job and did not demand any reward for it. ‘They are regarded as invisible heroes. It was very hard for me to learn the sad news about the Sukhenko family, their martyrdom became one of the symbols of this war of the Ukrainian people for their freedom and independence.’ The footballers found themselves in the line of fire, either as civilians, carrying out humanitarian work or having taken up arms. Mr Ovdienko provided details of fallen players and coaches who had currently or previously been involved in the federation’s set up. The roll call also includes Alexander Ivaschik, who was said by the official to have been shot by Russian soldiers in his car while trying to evacuate women and children from his hometown of Irpin. The forward was hailed as a ‘legendary striker’ who won titles with a number of district teams, the final one being Irpin BKZ. He was described as an ‘unbreakable fighter’ who had been delivering groceries and helping his countrymen to escape the war zone. Another star player, Dmitry Martynenko, 25, a midfielder for FC Gostomel, was killed along with his mother when a Russian projectile hit their house in Bucha. His father and sister were reported to have survived the explosion and were last known to have been recovering in hospital. Dymtro, the second division side’s top scorer, was among football’s first reported losses of the invasion, which began eight weeks ago. Viktor Yourchenko, a player turned coach, was killed in the city of Borodyanka, a district north west of Kyiv. The 58-year-old had a distinguished playing career as a defender with the Mashinostroitel Borodyanka club, which included lifting the amateur Cup of Ukraine and becoming champions of the Kyiv region. Igor Sukhih, who played for ATO Irpin and also excelled in martial arts, took up arms and died in a battle for the city, which lies near Kyiv. The married father-of-two, a tax police officer, was remembered as a ‘well-known athlete’ and ‘our footballer brother’. Also dedicated to the ‘kingdom of heaven and eternal memory’ is football veteran Yuri Kazistov, who had played as a goalkeeper for FC Gostomel and belonged to an older generation of players. The 52-year-old was buried in Kyiv on March 29 after being killed in a missile strike on the Borshchahivka district to the west of the capital, according to the federation. Denys Kotenko, a fan of FC Dnipro in the east of Ukraine, died fighting with Ukraine’s volunteer army in the Kyiv region. He was said to have been active in civic work and to have headed the National Corps in Dnipro. He leaves behind a two-year-old son. Also answering the call of duty was Sergiy Shestak, 33, who was said to have died near the town of Volnovakha in the eastern Donetsk region. The married father of one was a highly-regarded, trophy-winning forward originally from Chernihiv in the south-west of the country. Most recently he had played with the amateur side the Cherkasy Cossacks. The federation said the serviceman ‘had the traits of a true leader’ and ‘proved himself by actions, not words’. Yriy Bloha is said to have died on the battlefield near the southern city of Kherson. The junior football coach also became a military man to defend his homeland, and was awarded the title Hero of Ukraine. He was remembered as a ‘true patriot’ and a ‘man with a big heart and high moral principles’ who loved his job. Valery Risynskiy is also said to have died with a weapon in his hands in a battle near the city of Izyum in the Kharkiv region. The 45-year-old, who had been a volunteer with the 95th Parachute – Storm Brigade, was said to have been killed near the city of Izyum in the Kharkiv region. Originally from Kyiv’s Buchansky district, he loved sport and had been part of the ‘legendary’ FC Dmitrivka team in the mid-2000s, the association said in a tribute. Valery, who was married with two sons, was also remembered for his ‘wide smile and strong character’. Oleg Naumenko died in his home village of Gogolev in the Brovarsky district of the Kyiv region. The civilian was said to have been shot dead in a car. His club, FC Resmus Hoholiv, remembered him as a ‘great comrade, son, father and husband’ who gave everything in his performances for the amateur side. The roll call only covers those with close ties to the league who are known to have died since the outbreak of war and April 16. Many more, including those in other leagues, will have been lost. ‘The blood shed by all those who gave their lives for their country is not in vain,’ Mr Ovdienko said. ‘It will give life to a new generation of Ukrainians: winners in spirit and conscience. ‘Ukraine is protecting the whole world from a monster with a nuclear club. ‘Our guys died like heroes. We will always remember them.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.