Harrison Ford has revealed two of his rescue dogs ended up being adopted by his family for ‘comfort’ after his 2015 plane crash. The actor, 79, and his wife Calista Flockhart, 57, have a long history of fostering dogs over the years, but two of them became permanent members of the family after being there for them after the horror crash. Harrison had been seriously injured after his small aircraft crashed on a Los Angeles golf course after losing power shortly after take-off. He was left with a broken pelvis and ankle after the incident in March 2015, and found the dogs became close companions during his recovery. Harrison and Calista have four dogs, including a rescued pit bull called Coco, and opened up about the way the dogs rescued them as much as they did the pooches. Calista told the Los Angeles Times newspaper: ‘We kept them because we all needed them. And they needed us, or we needed them more than they needed us probably.’ Despite the crash leaving him with serious injuries, Harrison was not put off flying, previously insisting: ‘It was one time – and I didn’t crash, the plane crashed. ‘I didn’t get right out of it, but I’m fine now, it took a while. No, [it didn’t put me off], it’s a big part of who I am.’ The Indiana Jones star was also ordered to take a training course after an improper runway crossing in April 2020 after he was told to hold short of the runway at Hawthorne Airport in California because another aircraft was practicing touch-and-go landings there, but still crossed and taxied to the other end after mishearing his instructions. Harrison had his name cleared of any wrongdoing after an investigation by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), on the basis that he agreed to take a training course to refresh his runway knowledge. The case was closed with no additional action after he completed the course. A spokesperson for the actor said at the time: ‘Mr. Ford crossed the airport’s only runway in his aircraft after he misheard a radio instruction from ATC. ‘He immediately acknowledged the mistake and apologised to ATC for the error. The purpose of the flight was to maintain currency and proficiency of the aircraft.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague shares behind the scenes snaps as Tommy Fury weighs in for his next fight MORE : Max George pays emotional tribute to ‘brother’ Tom Parker after funeral: ‘Carrying you was an honour’ 