Big Brother is on its way back, and Rylan Clark is reportedly the ‘first choice’ to host the upcoming reboot. The popular reality show, which was axed five years ago by Channel 5, is said to be poised for a return on ITV2 in autumn 2023, and Rylan is in prime position to host the comeback. Big Brother first aired in the UK in 2000 on Channel 4 and continued for 11 series on the network until 2010, when it was picked up by Channel 5. Rylan, who won Celebrity Big Brother in 2013, would be a fan favourite for a return, which he already credits for ‘changing his life.’ The 33-year-old favourite above the likes of Dermot O’Leary, Emma Willis and Davina McCall who have all hosted Big Brother or Big Brother’s Little Brother. An insider told The Sun: ‘Rylan couldn’t have made it any clearer with his intention – he would love that job. ‘Those working on the early stages of the production think the same and this role is made for Rylan.’ The source added that many believe Rylan is ‘first choice of host’ above Davina and Emma. ‘Rylan is really current and has a huge following, plus his love of Big Brother makes him the ultimate fan. There really is no one better placed to take it on.’ The source also added that Rylan has ‘put himself front and centre’ to host the series, as soon as the news broke that the show was returning. When asked by Metro.co.uk recently whether he’d be up for the gig, he told us: ‘That wouldn’t be up to me but Big Brother needs to come back. Get the f**k back.’ Big Brother was hosted by Davina for 10 years on Channel 4 before it moved to Channel 5. Big Brother winner Brian Dowling took the reins but was soon replaced by Emma Willis from 2013 until its end in 2018. The final civilian series of the show was won by Cameron Cole, who came out as gay during his appearance in the compound and was the youngest ever contestant to make it all the way to the top. Since being crowned winner of Celebrity Big Brother in 2013, Rylan’s gone on to forge an incredibly enviable career in TV, hosting programmes such as It Takes Two, Supermarket Sweep and Ready Steady Cook – as well as a Saturday afternoon show on Radio 2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rylan Clark defends airing scathing views on Boris Johnson after he’s told to stick to ‘c**p grammar and poor enunciation’ MORE : Rylan Clark cuddles up to James Arthur as pair mark 10 years of friendship in sweet photo 