Rishi Sunak has reportedly blasted speculation he could quit as he asks for an investigation into his financial affairs. The chancellor has written to Boris Johnson for a referral to an independent adviser, requesting a review of all his declarations since he became a minister in 2018. In his letter, he said his ‘overriding concern’ was to retain public confidence in the answers that were given. ‘I have always followed the rules and I hope such a review will provide further clarity’, he added. It comes after it was revealed his wife potentially saved ‘tens of millions of pounds’ thanks to her non-domicile tax status – as the politician put taxes up for struggling families and kept a green card. The status is entirely legal – but Akshata Murty has now agreed to pay UK tax on her worldwide earnings to avoid ‘being a distraction for my husband’. Rumours have been sparked that Mr Sunak is considering quitting politics as removal vans are seen moving his belongings outside his Downing Street flat. But friends say he will come back fighting and will refuse to let it derail his career. ‘Clearly it’s been very damaging to him and the family are finding the scrutiny difficult,’ a friend told the Daily Mail. ‘But suggestions that he’s going to walk away are wide of the mark. If there was something worse to come out it would be unsustainable, but he doesn’t think there is.’ In his letter to Mr Johnson on Sunday, the chancellor requested Lord Geidt review each of the declarations of interest which he had made since first becoming minister and reach a judgment on whether they were properly declared. ‘I believe the best way of achieving this is to ensure those answers are entirely independent, without bias or favour’, he said. ‘To that end I would recommend that Lord Geidt makes all his conclusions public. ‘I am confident that such a review of my declarations will find all relevant information was appropriately declared. ‘I have throughout my ministerial career followed the advice of officials regarding matters or propriety and disclosure and will continue to do so.’ Opposition parties have called on Mrs Murty, who remains an Indian citizen, to backdate her tax payments and cough up millions more to the Treasury. In a statement last week, she said she’d done nothing wrong but acknowledged some people did not see her tax status as being compatible with her husband’s position. An inquiry has been launched to find whoever leaked the details to the press as the chancellor says ‘to smear my wife to get at me is awful’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.