Want some sneaky advice to prep you for the week? Look no further than up to the stars, cause we’ve got the best tips for you, no matter your star sign. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, April 11, 2022. Read on for a full set of forecasts. March 21 to April 20 Chatterbox Mercury moves into down-to-earth Taurus, so you may be ready to think about money or to find ways to get it working harder for you. With Taurus being a sign of growth, this influence can assist you in making the best decisions to increase your financial security. This might involve starting a small side-business or getting a part-time job to give you some leeway. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 With the planet of talk and thought moving into your sign today, you may find it easier to give your plans shape. Even so, if an opportunity to get a project up and running should present itself, then it might seem that if you don’t seize the moment, nothing will happen. It could be more a case of waiting for things to become clear Taurus, then you’ll know what to do and when to do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 In a reflective mood? If so, the coming days may bring further insights. Mercury’s move into a private zone, can make it easier to get a handle on your feelings. If you aren’t sure what you think or feel about a situation, things could swiftly come into focus, giving you the understanding to make wise decisions. Look to your dreams too, as they might be a fount of creative ideas, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Connecting with friends could bring interesting perspectives that might boost morale, Cancer. They may have ideas on all kinds of issues, and a chat can help you feel better and encourage you onward. As convivial Mercury enters your friendship zone, you may want to link up with others who share your interests, and this could prove very rewarding over the weeks ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 There are times when things come together easily, and others when nothing happens unless you make them. Over the days ahead, you may be nervous to take a step in a new direction. And you might not do it, unless a situation becomes so uncomfortable that you have no option. Mercury’s move into Taurus could assist you in putting things in perspective, and making the right move. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As expressive Mercury your ruler, moves into steadying Taurus from today, it encourages you to expand your reach and relish the idea of moving out of your comfort zone. Whether you want to study, travel or tap into new opportunities, you’ll be alert and open to ways that you can pursue your brightest dreams. Need a break now? A short getaway may be just the ticket, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Moon angles towards Uranus, and can see you taking a detached view of a relationship that needs some attention. Don’t feel bad about getting some distance from it, even if only for a short while, as this may be just what you need to see things in perspective. Your opinion of this person could change as a result, but you will also know where you stand which is crucial to resolving this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 An encounter could inspire you to keep in touch with someone, so you can talk with them again, especially if you find them interesting and forward thinking. You may even disagree with them about certain issues, but this might not stop you from being attracted by their outlook and experience. Any vague ideas, promises or commitments will soon begin to take shape. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You could learn something that causes you to rethink aspects of your life and lifestyle. New information may alert you to an opportunity to try something new. The more you research the possibilities open to you, the more excited you might get. The coming weeks are helpful for getting organized, so that you can easily accomplish the goals and plans you have in mind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Deeply personal insights could see you tapping into skills and abilities, enabling you to express yourself creatively through art, dance, music and anything else that you enjoy. As the planet of talk and thought eases into Taurus and your leisure zone, you’ll thrive the more you indulge your favourite hobbies. Looking for new friends on your wavelength? You’ll have no trouble on this score. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 As the Moon ties with electric Uranus and a more homely sector, you may feel restless. And it might be down to information that unlocks aspects of your past. A conversation could reveal things you had forgotten or perhaps never knew, that puts your life in perspective. Plus, a desire to learn more about your family tree can bring further understanding and fresh revelations. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 As fiery Mars journeys through the last degrees of your spiritual sector, you may be ready to try a practice that enhances inner peace. Meditation or mindfulness can both help. But if you would like to limber up your body as well, then yoga or tai-chi could keep you flexible. And as Mercury enters your communication zone, organization and planning might free up space and energy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness