We all love a bit of girl-bossing, don’t we? It’s a modern phenomenon, loosely defined as the admiration of an empowered woman who takes her place in society, owns her successes and sticks it to the man. This week, when Theresa May took a stand against the Government’s proposals to send some asylum seekers to processing centres in Rwanda, people were quick to praise a woman who stood against a cruel and inhumane policy. May got the ‘girl-boss’ treatment as she was admired for strength and bravery to go against her own party’s policies and point out its flaws. ‘Theresa May is [fire emoji],’ one tweet read. While another said: ‘Theresa May sticking the boot in’. But lauding a woman who is in many ways responsible for the UK’s appalling treatment of migrants and refugees is not the feminist take you want it to be. The former prime minister questioned the ‘legality, practicality and efficacy’ of the proposed scheme and it was a moment that understandably attracted people’s attention. We love it when a politician goes against the grain and makes a stand against their leader, the stakes are high, the world is watching. But, when a politician stands up for what’s right, it does not erase all the times they got it wrong. Even a broken clock gets it right twice a day, and if Theresa really cared for the rights of those seeking asylum, then perhaps she should go back in time and rethink a few immigration policies of her own. People are right to condemn the Rwanda policy, which has been largely criticised by charities and opposition parties as cruel and inhumane, but is Theresa May really the person we should be looking up to as a righteous fighter for the rights of vulnerable refugees? Absolutely not. In 2012, when Theresa May was Home Secretary for the Conservative party, she introduced the Hostile Environment policy strategy, stating that its aim was to ‘create, here in Britain, a really hostile environment for illegal immigrants’. The policy included the removal of homeless citizens of other EU countries who were living in the UK at the time, until it was struck down by the High Court five years later. In late 2017, when May was Prime Minister, the Windrush scandal broke. It emerged that hundreds of Commonwealth citizens had been wrongly deported, detained and denied legal rights while living in the UK. There was a direct link between the Windrush scandal and May’s 2012 Hostile Environment policy strategy, which had given the NHS, landlords, banks, employers and other authorities the task of enforcing immigration control by checking the documents of migrants. The Windrush generation is comprised of those who arrived in the UK from Caribbean countries from 1948 to 1973, many of whom took up jobs in sectors affected by Britain’s post-war labour shortage. Because the countries were part of the British Commonwealth at the time, those who arrived were automatically free to permanently live and work in the UK. The policy demanded that individuals had to prove their residency in the UK by supplying documents for every year they had lived here, but because some people had arrived on their parent’s passports and the Home Office had destroyed ‘thousands’ of their landing cards – many were unable to prove their ‘right’ to be here, despite the fact that they had been granted indefinite leave to remain. Many were detained, threatened with forcible removal or deported to countries that they had not been to since they were young children. So much for girl bossing. I understand why people commended Theresa’s stance against the proposed Rwanda policy, but that doesn’t mean she deserves our praise. For those who dislike Boris Johnson, it’s bound to be dramatically pleasing to watch the former Prime Minister take on the policies of her successor. Despite having a semi-comprehensive understanding of how our parliamentary system operates, I still do a double-take every time I see a former party leader present in the House of Commons. It’s like having the main character from the last book you read pop up in your current page-turner. Every time May gets up to speak, my initial instinctive reaction is one of nostalgia, a longing for a time before coronavirus, before Boris Johnson as PM and Priti Patel as Home Secretary. But then I’m quickly reminded of the horrors that Theresa oversaw; the Windrush scandal, the Government’s pitiful response to Grenfell and a failure to address the effects of Tory austerity measures – and the nostalgia quickly fades. Theresa May is not an icon for saying that sending asylum seekers to Rwanda is a bad idea, she’s just a person who appears to have come to their senses – at long last. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Ross.Mccafferty@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : It will take more than Cressida Dick’s resignation to restore women’s faith in the police MORE : PMQs was just like a soap opera – unfortunately for us it’s real life MORE : Refugees are at risk of sexual exploitation under Homes for Ukraine – what is the Government going to do about it?