When Sally Rooney’s Normal People premiered, viewers were as engrossed in the sex scenes as they were with Connell’s (Paul Mescal) chain, and with another of her books dropping soon, expectations are high. But, Joe Alwyn who stars as Nick in Conversations With Friends, has revealed that the sex scenes aren’t actually sexy at all, and rather ‘like fight scenes.’ The drama series follows Frances (Alison Oliver) and her ex-girlfriend and best friend Bobbi (Sasha Lane), who become embroiled in a complicated relationship with Melissa (Jemima Kirke), a writer, and her husband Nick, an actor. There are different dynamics at play in the group, as while Bobbi and Melissa flirt with each other openly, Nick and Frances keep their connection quiet, with the pair embarking on a secret affair. While the trailer hints at a steamy story between married Nick who has an affair with student Frances, filming the scenes was anything but, Joe revealed, despite the fact that he appears naked regularly in the series. Speaking to The Guardian, Joe, who has been dating popstar Taylor Swift for more than five years but keeps the relationship out of the public eye, revealed that the sex scenes are ‘essentially choreographed.’ ‘We were guided through it with an intimacy coordinator,’ he shared. ‘They’re essentially choreographed. So they’re like fight scenes. ‘They’re quite mechanical. And obviously they’re weird, funny, strange things to do with your friends.’ He added how ‘all the sexiness’ was taken out of the scenes when they were filming with director Lenny Abrahamson ‘cracking jokes’, various crew members surrounding them, and ‘it’s freezing cold or boiling hot.’ Despite revealing the raunchy scenes for what they really are, Joe added that they’re like ‘extensions of the conversations, in their own way,’ with each scene meaning ‘something different’ to the characters involved. ‘They’re not just kind of gratuitously thrown in,’ he shared, despite admitting that the meaningful scenes were nonetheless a ‘weird’ part of the job. Conversations with Friends was the debut novel published by Sally in 2017, before Normal People came out the following year. Normal People proved an enormous hit on BBC Three when it launched in 2020, propelling its stars Daisy Edgar Jones and Paul Mescal to stardom. Conversations with Friends premieres on Sunday May 15 on BBC Three and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Conversations with Friends trailer: Relationships reach breaking point in latest look at passionate Sally Rooney adaptation MORE : Heartstopper’s Joe Locke and Kit Connor: ‘It’s A Sin is important but it’s also important to have queer stories that show love’ 