Kourtney Kardashian has given all the goss on her Las Vegas ceremony with Travis Barker – but not all the family were awake to get the news as it happened. Kourtney confirmed her ‘practise’ marriage to Blink 182 rocker Travis Barker on Wednesday, with a series of adorable snaps from the service. Hours later, the famous brood appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live to chat about their new reality series, The Kardashians. But Kourtney’s nuptials were top of the list of talking points, with the host quizzing the newlywed on why she opted for a nighttime wedding and whether she’d revealed her grand plans to her family. When asked by Jimmy whether the sisters all knew about Kourtney’s plans, momager Kris explained: ‘I knew, and Khloé knew. ‘I was on FaceTime,’ Khloé said, before Kim admitted, ‘I was sleeping.’ ‘She put it in the group chat,’ Kim continued. ‘Like, “Oh, hey guys, by the way…I got married last night!” And I woke up to like, a million texts.’ The 42-year-old confirmed that they got married ‘with no license’, stating that ‘practice makes perfect’. Sharing the news on Instagram, she wrote: ‘Found these in my camera roll. ‘Once upon a time in a land far, far away (Las Vegas) at 2am, after an epic night and a little tequila, a queen and her handsome king ventured out to the only open chapel with an Elvis and got married (with no license). ‘Practice makes perfect,’ as she addressing the confusion over their antics. In the series of pictures, the lovebirds could be seen packing on the PDA at a flower-adorned altar, with a gold ‘Elvis’ appearing to marry them at the One Love Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas in the early hours of Monday morning. Kourtney elaborated on the rumour she was ‘fake’ married during the family’s chat, explaining why the pair’s post-Grammys decision didn’t see them get fully wed. She told Jimmy: ‘It’s not fake married. There was no possibility to get a marriage licence at that hour. The stars thought the chapel was ‘lying’ over not being able to get them officially wed. ‘We asked like five times, ‘What do we have to do to make this happen?’ It was 2 a.m., and they were like, ‘It opens at 8 o’clock.’” ‘We did, we just did it anyway, what’s in the heart!’ Kourtney added – how cute! Kourtney and Travis sparked intense speculation over their relationship at the beginning of last year and went public on Instagram in February 2021. The I Miss You singer got down on one knee last October, months after they made their relationship official. He popped the question at the super-romantic Rosewood Miramar hotel in Montecito, California, with Kourtney’s famous family in on their celebrations. ‘Forever @travisbarker,’ he penned on social media at the time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna puts baby bump forward once more as she enjoys dinner date with beau A$AP Rocky MORE : Khloé Kardashian brands ex Tristan Thompson a ‘great guy’ while Kris Jenner gushes over Pete Davidson 