SAS: Who Dares Wins returned for a brand-new series on Sunday, however, viewers were really missing Ant Middleton’s presence. Fans were introduced to Ant’s replacement, Rudy Reyes, in the latest instalment of the Channel 4 survival show – along with US Navy SEAL Remi Adeleke and series regulars Billy Billingham and Jason ‘Foxy’ Fox. Ant was infamously axed from the programme in March 2021 due to his ‘personal conduct’ which came after some controversial comments made in relation to Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement and Covid-19. But that didn’t stop fans from demanding his return during Sunday’s episode. ‘Not impressed with this new series so far. Bring back Ant,’ one person wrote. ‘Never in a million years did I think I’d say this ….. BRING BACK ANT MIDDLETON,’ another declared. However, another viewer who held a different opinion wrote: ‘As for the new Directing Staff, they’re not Ant or Ollie, granted, but give em a chance. ‘You’re not gonna warm to them immediately, give them time. Also I love the new base, very gritty, and I reckon the heat is gonna be such a huge factor this series.’ Elsewhere in the show, the recruits endured grueling challenges in the scorching heat. One of the brutal tasks included balancing on a rope 165 feet above the ground, however, only six of them were victorious. Following Ant’s departure from the UK edition of the show, Australia’s Channel Seven confirmed that he will be fronting the SAS: Australia as planned. The TV personality later claimed show bosses care too much about box ticking, which will result in a loss of ‘authenticity.’ ‘When political correctness or box-ticking exercises filter into an authentic process, it’s gonna take away the authenticity, it takes away the realness,’ he added. SAS Who Dares Wins returns next Sunday at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins introduces Ant Middleton replacement in first look at 2022 series MORE : Ant Middleton axed from SAS: Who Dares Wins by Channel 4 over ‘personal conduct’ 