A survivor of the genocide against the Tutsi in Rwanda has said his country will show ‘love, compassion and respect’ to anyone relocated to the country from the UK. Eric Murangwa Eugene MBE told Metro.co.uk that his homeland has shown ‘vision, will and determination’ in rebuilding after the slaughter and is able to find ‘solutions for impossible situations’. Mr Eugene, from Ashford, Surrey, said that for years his ‘heart has ached’ for the plight of refugees making their way into Europe via the Mediterranean. He has himself been displaced, initially resettling in London three years after the 1994 genocide against the Tutsi, which is estimated to have claimed more than a million lives. The former Rwandan international football player founded the Ishami Foundation, a UK-based charity fighting against prejudice and intolerance in his homeland and beyond. Priti Patel has faced a storm of protest after announcing plans that would involve some migrants who cross the English Channel being given a one-way trip to the east African country. Single men arriving on boats or lorries would be the first targeted for ‘processing’ and resettlement through a pilot scheme aimed at curtailing the actions of people smugglers. ‘Rwanda is a peaceful, tolerant, and welcoming nation,’ Mr Eugene said. ‘We’ll welcome our brothers and sisters from anywhere in the world with love, compassion and respect, as we have been doing for the last 30 years. ‘Just ask our Congolese and Burundian brothers and sisters, or the recent arrival of students and sisters from Afghanistan, or those who have been rescued from horrible detention camps in Libya. ‘They will all tell you how Rwanda is a place for refuge for those looking for security, peace, care and respect.’ More than a million people are estimated to have perished during the 100 days of ‘deliberate, systematic’ genocide, according to the UN. The slaughter was perpetrated by Hutu extremists who targeted the Tutsi minority community as well as their political opponents in general. A rebuilding effort has since been underway in the country, which the Home Office says has one of the world’s fastest-growing economies. However, refugee campaigners have called the scheme ‘barbaric and inhumane’ and raised concerns over Rwanda’s human rights record, which has been flagged by Amnesty International in areas including civil liberties. The cost and practicalities of flying people more than 4,000 miles to the country have also been brought into question. Mr Eugene, 47, said: ‘I would remind those who are questioning the ability and capacity of Rwanda to manage this situation that it wasn’t long ago when the majority said Rwanda was a basket case and failed nation because of the impossible situation during the genocide and its aftermath. ‘Many of the solutions that Rwanda applied when attempting to rebuild the nation came under huge criticism from different international organisations and prominent individuals. ‘Yet, the vision, will and determination of both the leadership and the Rwandan people have proved that Rwanda knows how to find solutions for impossible situations. So, I wouldn’t bet against this new and complex scheme because I know what Rwanda is capable of.’ Mr Eugene spoke in the third week of the 100 days commemorating the genocide carried out in Rwanda 28 years ago. Through his charity, survivors who have lived through discrimination, social polarisation and violence are helping communities in the country and the UK to learn from their experiences through sport and storytelling. Mr Eugene received an MBE from the Queen in the 2018 New Year’s Honours for his work in raising awareness of the genocide, including through educational projects. Among the charity leader’s concerns are asylum seekers and displaced people in Libya, where the UN Refugee Agency has said they are ‘liable to arrest, detention and abuse’. ‘In an ideal situation one would wish for a different type of approach and outcome to the current issue of asylum seekers in the UK and across Europe,’ Mr Eugene said. ‘However, we all know that this situation has become almost impossible to resolve, mainly because of the lack of genuine political will to find a solution, but also due to growing hostility among the general public towards asylum seekers and refugees. ‘For more than a decade, we’ve had a situation on UK borders with France, in Calais and other places, where tens of thousands of men, women, young and old people have been living in inhumane conditions. ‘They have been losing their lives by taking immense risk and attempting to cross the English Channel to reach the UK. ‘For years, my heart has ached because of the Mediterranean scenes; enslaved people in Libyan cages and detention camps, where black African young people have gone through unimaginable abuse and mistreatment. Mistreatment that few human beings have had to suffer before. ‘If taking these people to my home country, Rwanda, is the only available option, other than staying where they are, then I can’t see anything wrong with the decision.’ Refugee Action has dubbed the blueprint a ‘cowardly, barbaric and inhumane way to treat people fleeing persecution and war’. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, has also added his voice to the protests, saying the plan is ‘opposite of the nature of God’. The Home Office maintains that the ‘world-first partnership’ will ‘break the business model of people smuggling gangs’ who are transporting people across the Channel in record numbers. Those accepted will be supported to build a new life in a country that has a track record of ‘welcoming and integrating migrants’ and ‘one of the fastest-growing economies’ in the world, according to the department. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.