Asylum seekers will be flown some 4,000 miles to Rwanda for processing under new government plans due to be announced on Thursday. The announcement will come as ministers face pressure to tackle the number of people attempting to reach the UK by making dangerous crossings of the Channel in small boats. Boris Johnson is set to argue that action is needed to combat the ‘vile people smugglers’ turning the ocean into a ‘watery graveyard’. But charities have described the plans as a ‘cruel and nasty decision’ to ‘offshore’ asylum seekers. They say the policy will fail to address the issue and will instead ‘lead to more human suffering and chaos’ while potentially costing millions. After a speech from the prime minister, home secretary Priti Patel was expected to set out further details of a ‘migration and economic development partnership’ with Rwanda, during a visit to the east African nation. Mr Johnson is will say that the number of people making the perilous crossing of the Channel could reach 1,000 a day within weeks, after around 600 arrived on Wednesday. ‘I accept that these people – whether 600 or one thousand – are in search of a better life; the opportunities that the United Kingdom provides and the hope of a fresh start,’ he is expected to say. ‘But it is these hopes – these dreams – that have been exploited. ‘These vile people smugglers are abusing the vulnerable and turning the Channel into a watery graveyard, with men, women and children drowning in unseaworthy boats and suffocating in refrigerated lorries.’ Mr Johnson, who is under pressure after being fined for breaking coronavirus laws, will say the nation voted to ‘control’ immigration in the Brexit referendum rather than control borders. He will argue the plan ‘will ensure the UK has a world-leading asylum offer’ which offers ‘generous protection to those directly fleeing the worst of humanity’ by settling people through ‘safe and legal routes’. Many details of the expected announcement, such as whether it would apply just to those who arrived by what the government calls illegal means, remain unclear. British Red Cross executive director Zoe Abrams said the humanitarian network was ‘profoundly concerned’ about the plans to ‘send traumatised people halfway round the world to Rwanda’. ‘The financial and human cost will be considerable; evidence from where offshoring has been implemented elsewhere shows it leads to profound human suffering, plus the bill that taxpayers will be asked to foot is likely to be huge,’ she said. ‘We are not convinced this drastic measure will deter desperate people from attempting to cross the Channel either.’ Enver Solomon, chief executive of the Refugee Council, urged the government to ‘immediately rethink its plans’. ‘We are appalled by the government’s cruel and nasty decision to send those seeking sanctuary in our country to Rwanda,’ he said. ‘Offshoring the UK’s asylum system will do absolutely nothing to address the reasons why people take perilous journeys to find safety in the UK. ‘It will do little to deter them from coming to this country, but only lead to more human suffering and chaos – at a huge expense of an estimated £1.4 billion a year.’ The Home Office questioned the figure quoted by Mr Solomon, with a source saying it was ‘ludicrous to suggest costs would be more than the current system’. The expected deal with Rwanda comes after other locations touted – including Ascension Island, Albania and Gibraltar – were rejected, at times angrily by the nations suggested. Peers could mount fresh resistance to the measure, having already inflicted a series of defeats to the government’s Nationality and Borders Bill. The legislation is currently in a tussle between the Commons and the Lords after peers defeated ministers, including with a demand that offshore asylum claims should be subject to approval by both Houses of Parliament. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.