Bray Wyatt looks to be in phenomenal shape just over a year after his final WWE appearance. The former world champion – now going by his real name Windham Rotunda – has reunited with his Wyatt Family teammates publicly for the first time following his release in July 2021, which came three months after his Firefire Fun House persona and The Fiend alter ego were last seen on screen. His departure stunned fans and his next steps in the wrestling business have largely been shrouded in mystery, but he’s finally started to take steps to get back out there. Following a convention appearance in Dallas as part of the surrounding WrestleMania festivities, Windham is in Liverpool this weekend to meet fans at the For The Love Of Wrestling convention. In a very exciting twist, he’s also enjoyed a Wyatt Family reunion of sorts, with former teammates Braun Strowman and Erick Rowan also at the event. The trio got together for a photo, with Windham holding up a mask in a possible reference to their late friend Luke Harper (Brodie Lee), who tragically died in December 2019. Strowman – real name Adam Scherr – shared the picture on Twitter, and wrote: ‘War. Death. Famine. Pestilence. Forever. The Four Horsemen of the apocalypse!!!!! 4Brodie (sic)’ Windham looks to be in fantastic shape over a year after he was last seen on TV, and fans are clamouring for one more run. One fan – without naming a specific company – suggested: ‘They should have let you guys run with all the belts for awhile (sic)’ Another added: ‘Wow I almost didn’t recognize Bray all trimmed up. All of you look great in this picture. Just wish Mr. Lee could’ve been with you. He’s smiling down at you guys though waiting to see what you do next. I love y’all. Nice tribute here. God bless.’ And a third fan wrote: ‘So when are we seeing you three redominate the wrestling world?’ It’s not clear whether or not Windham will return to wrestling, but we do know he’s been busy making moves in Hollywood after his close friend Jason Baker – Callosum Studios owner and special makeup effects artist – confirmed he was starting work on his first feature film in November last year. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk at the time: ‘He’s a phenomenal collaborator, he’s become a really good friend, and we’re actually – you’re the first person that we’re publicly telling about [this]. We’re starting a film at the end of the month.’ He added: ‘It’s a feature film and it’s something really new and different. I’d say probably the best way to describe it is Ichi the Killer meets Xanadu.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Bray Wyatt’s Firefly Fun House: Collaborator Jason Baker on unseen characters, Vince McMahon involvement and more MORE : ‘It’s happening’: Jason Baker gives Bray Wyatt film update as ex-WWE star works on first Hollywood project 