A suspected cocaine baron is behind bars in the Philippines after battering a reveller with a pool ball — then ­pointing a handgun at another as he chased him down the street. Darren Wall, 44, was arrested by police in Manila who say they checked his mobile phone and found a ‘treasure trove’ of evidence of ­organised crime. The east Londoner is now in tough New Bilibid prison facing claims of kidnap, extortion, drug dealing, assault, criminal damage and threats to kill. Wall was on a date with wife Khanary Jane Abejo, 23, at the city’s Secret Door club when a local ‘looked at him the wrong way’, police said. CCTV caught Wall hitting him over the head with the ball. He was bundled away but returned with a ball in a sock and smashed it in the man’s face. Outside, he punched another person then chased him down the street with a gun. He was arrested five weeks later. Detectives allegedly found images of Wall posing with a handgun flanked by Filipino friends. Another is said to show him laughing with police on his payroll. Other images released by police show some of Wall’s alleged victims and their bloodied faces following the attacks. They include a traumatised local who was too afraid to be named. ‘I only happened to be in the same areas as this guy but he started a fight with me,’ they said. ‘There was no reason and no provocation. ‘He pushed me, then shouted something. Then his men held me on the ground and put a gun in my mouth. He was shouting something like “don’t ever look at me again”. He said “I’ll kill you”. I really thought in that moment I would die.’ A police source said: ‘We have spoken to some of the alleged victims but there’s a very long queue of people. ‘He was behaving like a psychopath. The attacks were unprovoked — just because he felt like it or someone looked at him the wrong way. ‘We have gathered a lot of videos and pictures from Darren’s phone and computer. It’s a treasure trove of evidence.’ In a video shot in the cramped cell he shares with violent inmates, he appears to have an injured arm and repeatedly refuses to answer questions. But at one point he insists: ‘I haven’t been hurting no one. They attacked me.’ Police Colonel Michael Villanueva said Wall faces 18 years without parole if found guilty. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : ‘Jealous’ ex-husband murdered mum-of-four while her children were in the house MORE : Man who ‘attacked seven Asian women in New York City’ charged with hate crimes MORE : Load of bananas turned out to be one of biggest cocaine hauls in UK history