Bray Wyatt has got engaged to JoJo Offerman. The former WWE superstar – whose real name is Windham Rotunda – started dating his now-fiancee in 2017, and the loved up couple have son Knash, two, and 23-month-old daughter Hyrie together, with both kids celebrating birthdays next month. JoJo revealed the happy news in an Instagram post as she flashed her stunning ring in a beaming selfie and joked they ‘already’ act like a married couple. She wrote: ‘A million times YESI love you Windham and I cant wait to marry you (even though it feels like we’re already married) Here’s to forever @thewindhamrotunda’ Although Wyatt – who also has two kids with his ex Samantha – is yet to post anything on his own social media profiles, he did reply to his partner’s post with three black hearts and added: ‘I’m a lucky dude’ Plenty of fans and fellow stars also replied with well-wishes, including IMPACT Wrestling star Mickie James, who simply commented: ‘Congratulations!!!!!’ Renee Paquette – formerly Renee Young in WWE – said: ‘Yayyyyyyy congrats guys!! (sic)’ Back in February, JoJo paid tribute to her husband-to-be with a sweet Valentine’s Day post and described her man as her ‘best friend’ and ‘confidant’. She said at the time: ‘To the man that makes me laugh daily, that puts up with my non sense, and the best daddy to all 4 kids, thank you for being my best friend, my confidant, and my partner. Happy Valentines Day, I love you.’ Wyatt – who is in phenomenal shape following his shock WWE release in July 2021 – recently opened up to fans in an Instagram Q&A after he landed in Dallas, Texas for WrestleCon over WrestleMania weekend. Asked whether he will ever return to pro wrestling, he replied: ‘I will always love wrestling. I couldn’t imagine spending the rest of my life without stepping in the ring again and hearing that roar again. I think about it often. Everything has to be in place though. Like I said, timing is everything.’ What we do know is he’s been busy making moves in Hollywood after his close friend Jason Baker – Callosum Studios owner and special makeup effects artist – confirmed he was starting work on his first feature film in November last year. He exclusively told Metro.co.uk at the time: ‘He’s a phenomenal collaborator, he’s become a really good friend, and we’re actually – you’re the first person that we’re publicly telling about [this]. We’re starting a film at the end of the month.’ He added: ‘It’s a feature film and it’s something really new and different. I’d say probably the best way to describe it is Ichi the Killer meets Xanadu.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘It’s happening’: Jason Baker gives Bray Wyatt film update as ex-WWE star works on first Hollywood project MORE : Inside Bray Wyatt’s Firefly Fun House: Collaborator Jason Baker on unseen characters, Vince McMahon involvement and more 