The family of late rapper Goonew have defended their plans to prop his ‘body’ up on stage during his funeral, amid backlash from fans. The musician, real name Markelle Morrow, died on March 18 at the age of 24. He was shot dead in Maryland, with police currently investigating the incident. An event to celebrate his life and career was held at Bliss nightclub on Sunday night, with videos shared on social media appearing to show his embalmed body positioned on stage as his loved ones danced nearby. Addressing the shocking reaction over their funeral plans, his mom Patrice Parker Morrow explained that she wanted to send him off ‘having a party’. ‘We wanted to give him a party. We didn’t want to give him a funeral, it just wasn’t sitting right with me saying, “funeral for my son”,’ she told TMZ. ‘The type of son that I had, my son loves to have fun. He was the life of the party. So that’s why I sent him home that way, having a party. ‘When she [the planner] did it, I told her I liked it. We went with our theme that we was wanting to do, the club party scene. That’s what I wanted to do. ‘ She revealed that they decided to put a crown on his head because he is ‘the king of Maryland’. The musician’s sister, Ariana, explained that they wanted his body to be ‘propped up’ in some way for the celebration of his life, as they had seen something similar at other memorials, but didn’t specify that he should be standing up. ‘My brother didn’t go to church. So that would be unlikely and very fake and phoney for us to go and put my brother in a casket and a suit, and listening to gospel music. My brother told me he didn’t want to be [in a suit],’ she added to the publication. ‘We dressed my brother how he liked, he looked exactly how he was literally if he was here. We lived and we partied for him on that day, how my brother would have wanted. Everything we did was not just for my mother, but it was how my brother would have wanted.’ Tickets to Goonew’s memorial, dubbed the ‘Final Show’ were made available on EventBrite, with attendees posting pictures and videos on social media of his ‘corpse’ in the nightclub, with strobe lights and fireworks in the venue. However, fans were left outraged by the event and, describing it as ‘disturbing’ and ‘sick’. In the wake of the backlash, club bosses have since issued an apology, claiming that they were ‘unaware’ of the decision to have the rapper’s body on stage. A message shared on the Bliss official Instagram page read: ‘Our deepest condolences to Goonew’s family, friends, and fans. ‘Bliss was contacted by a local funeral home to rent out our venue for Goonew’s home-going celebration. Bliss was never made aware of what would transpire. ‘We sincerely apologise to all those who may be upset or offended. Please keep Goonew’s family and friends in your prayers at this difficult time. Respectfully, Bliss DC.’ Goonew rose to fame in 2017 with the release of his mixtape, Certified Goon. He was rushed to hospital with ‘life-threatening injuries’ after a shooting on March 18 and was pronounced dead shortly after. His death was confirmed by the Prince George’s County Police Department last month. A $25,000 (£19k) reward has been offered for information that leads to an arrest of a suspect. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Indiana Jones’ Short Round Ke Huay Quan acting again following 25-year gap after being inspired by Crazy Rich Asians: ‘I wanted to be up there with them’ MORE : Justin Bieber offering $3,000,000 worth of online therapy to fans and tour crew 