Two British fighters captured by Vladimir Putin’s forces in Ukraine have appeared on Russian television pleading to be released. It is unclear how freely Shaun Pinner and Aiden Aslin were able to speak. But, talking on state TV on Monday, the pair asked to be exchanged for pro-Russian politician Viktor Medvedchuk, who is being held by the Ukrainian authorities. Both spoke separately after being prompted by an unidentified man on the Rossiya 24 channel. Mr Pinner and Mr Aslin had been fighting on the Ukrainian side in Mariupol, which is now almost entirely under Russian control and expected to fall imminently. It comes after his family begged Putin to let him go. Mr Pinner claimed he had been fed, watered and well treated by his captors. ‘I’d like to appeal to the government to send me back home, I’d like to see my wife again,’ he said. Mr Pinner, a former British Army soldier, made a direct appeal to Boris Johnson on behalf of himself and his compatriot. ‘We look to exchange myself and Aiden Aslin for Mr Medvedchuk. Obviously I would really appreciate your help in this matter,’ he explained. Mr Pinner had previously been taunted by Russians who said Ukraine ‘wanted him dead’. It comes after Ukrainian fighters ignored a Russian ultimatum to surrender the port city, and be ‘guaranteed’ their lives. Meanwhile, Medvedchuk was also shown asking to be swapped in a video released around the same time on Monday by Ukraine’s SBU intelligence service. In his appeal to the Russian leader and Ukrainian President Volodymr Zelenskiy, the politician asked to be exchanged for the defenders of the Ukrainian city of Mariupol and any civilians allowed to leave. On Russian state TV, the unidentified man prompting Mr Pinner was seen showing the two Britons a video of Medvedchuk’s wife, Oksana. She was appealing over the weekend for her husband to be swapped for the two British nationals. The pro-Russian figurehead, who had been placed under house arrest in May 2021, escaped three days after the invasion, before being recaptured, Ukraine claimed. Medvedchuk, who says Putin is godfather to his daughter, has denied wrongdoing after being charged with high treason and later with aiding terrorism. Mr Aslin, who is said to have surrendered after running out of food, said: ‘I think that Boris needs to listen to what Oksana (Medvedchuk’s wife) has said. ‘If Boris Johnson really does care about British citizens like he says he does then he will help.’ Foreign Secretary Liz Truss had previously appeared to encourage British fighters to go to Ukraine, but the British Government later distanced itself from the comments. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Devastation of Mariupol laid bare in before and after invasion photos