Jennifer Lopez has been spotted wearing a big diamond ring amid her relationship with Ben Affleck, leading some to speculate that we might be getting round two of a Bennifer engagement. The actress and singer, 52, was spotted furniture shopping with her daughter Emme, rocking the stunning ring on her left hand. Sporting a gorgeous floaty printed dress and sunglasses, the star looked completely content as the pair enjoyed some quality time. On her finger, she sported quite the rock – however, nothing has been confirmed by Ben or Jen, so it could just be a gorgeous piece of jewellery. First time around, Bennifer started dating in 2002 and got engaged later that year. They postponed their wedding in September 2003 and officially split in January 2004. However, JLo confirmed they had rekindled their romance last year, sharing a snap of them kissing. In a chat with People Magazine, the Hustlers actress lifted the lid on Bennifer 2.0, and explained that she has ‘never been better’. ‘I feel so lucky and happy and proud to be with him,’ she said of their relationship. ‘It’s a beautiful love story that we got a second chance.’ She explained that they had a ‘little bit of fear’ before making their reunion public knowledge as their previous engagement ended so openly. The Grammy-winner confessed that neither of them want a repeat of that situation as they are ‘so happy’ together now. ‘We’re older now, we’re smarter, we have more experience, we’re at different places in our lives, we have kids now, and we have to be very conscious of those things,’ she continued. ‘We’re so protective because it is such a beautiful time for all of us. ‘That is a really rare, precious, beautiful thing and we don’t take it for granted.’ Following their split, the Batman actor, 49, married Jennifer Garner, who he shares three children with, but they divorced in 2018 after a 10-year marriage. Meanwhile Jennifer walked down the aisle with Marc Anthony, and shares twins with the singer. They separated in 2014, after which she famously dated Alex Rodriguez, announcing their engagement in 2019. They confirmed their split in April 2021. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez knows way to Ben Affleck’s heart as she feeds him cookies in sweet moment while running errands MORE : Ben Affleck beams with pride as girlfriend Jennifer Lopez is crowned icon at iHeartRadio Awards 2022 