Former Wimbledon champion and BBC pundit Boris Becker has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for hiding £2.5m worth of assets to avoid paying his debts. The 54-year-old was convicted of four charges of insolvency relating to his bankruptcy in 2017 earlier this month. He was found guilty by a jury after admitting to blowing a £38 million fortune amassed during his glittering tennis career. The former world number one said ‘expensive lifestyle habits’ had drained his finances, as well as a costly divorce and payments towards the upkeep of his four children. Judge Deborah Taylor said he had shown no remorse or acceptance of guilt. Referring to his previous bankruptcy conviction, the judge said: ‘You did not heed the warning you were given and the chance you were given by the suspended sentence and that is a significant aggravating factor.’ She told Becker she had taken into account his ‘fall from grace’. ‘You have lost your career and reputation and all of your property as a result of your bankruptcy,’ the judge said. But she added: ‘You have not shown remorse, acceptance of your guilt and have sought to distance yourself from your offending and your bankruptcy. ‘While I accept your humiliation as part of the proceedings, there has been no humility.’ Becker showed no emotion as he picked up his Puma bag before being taken down to the cells. His attire as he headed to court seemed to tell the story of his rise and fall, a sporting great ruined by money problems. He emerged from his home this morning wearing a tie bearing the colours of Wimbledon – the tournament he won three times – and carrying a bag from Harrods, where he spent the afternoon shopping before being imprisoned. He was pictured visiting the lavish department store yesterday and reportedly also spent an hour inside an unassuming Notting Hill flat on the eve of his sentence. The jail term marks a remarkable fall from grace for one of the sport’s all-time legends and a well-known face on British television. Becker – who lives in London – is a fixture on the BBC’s coverage of Wimbledon, the tournament where he made his name. The German marked himself out as a generational talent when he won the prestigious trophy at just 17, the first unseeded player in history to do so. He would go on to win six grand slams among his 15 career titles, as well as an Olympic gold medal, and is widely considered one of the finest players ever. Post-playing career, he became a media pundit and spent three years coaching Novak Djokovic. He told his trial he was ‘shocked’ and ‘embarrassed’ when he was made bankrupt over an unpaid £3 million loan on his Mallorca estate in 2017. Becker previously claimed he had co-operated with trustees tasked with securing his assets, even offering up his wedding ring, and relied on the advisers who managed his life. But investigators discovered he transferred almost £390,000 from his business account to others, including those of his ex-wife Barbara Becker and estranged wife Sharlely ‘Lilly’ Becker. He also failed to declare his share in a £1 million property in his home town of Leimen, Germany. The court heard how he hid a £700,000 bank loan – worth £1.1 million with interest – and concealed 75,000 shares in a tech firm, valued at £66,000. Defending his client, Jonathan Laidlaw QC said he had not spent money on a ‘lavish lifestyle’ and that this finances had been upended by family and business costs. But the court heard his personal expenses included £7,600 on children’s school fees, almost £1,000 at Harrods and payments made to Ralph Lauren, Porsche, Ocado and a Chelsea children’s club. He also spent £40,000 for an ankle operation at a private clinic and £5,000 at a luxury golf resort in China. After his trial, he was acquitted of 20 charges, including nine counts of failing to hand over trophies and medals from his tennis career, telling the court they were lost. Becker – who has a previous conviction for tax evasion and attempted tax evasion in Germany in 2002 – was found guilty of four offences and ordered to return to Southwark Crown Court today to be sentenced. His son Noah was seen sitting inside the courtroom carrying his dad’s bag of personal belongings. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.