To quote Daniel Craig, ladies and gentlemen…the weekend. It’s here. Look at it. That glorious expanse, stretching out before us, full of promise, play and pints. Unless you’re working (which we are) or you’re skint (which you are) or just really can’t be arsed anymore (and honestly, who can?) Every weekend, Metro.co.uk rolls up its sleeve and gets elbow deep into the steaming heap of news left behind by another relentless week. We sift through it, sort out the most important bits and hammer it together into this round-up. It’s dirty work, reader – but then these are filthy, filthy times. Good luck. The war in Ukraine is entering into a new phase as Russian troops retreat from Kyiv and prepare for an all-out assault in the east of the country. Vladimir Putin has seemingly acknowledged there is no hope of conquering the capital and his forces have been sent scampering back over the border by Ukrainian forces (who have redefined the phrase ‘hard as nails’). Behind them, they leave scenes of utter misery and ruin, of mass graves and crumpled homes, of bound corpses and ruined lives. If you’ve tried to avoid the images (and who could blame) then take it from us – they are stomach-churning. The sliding scale between what elevates war crimes to genocide will be quibbled over by lawyers for years to come in The Hague. All you need to know is that Vladimir Putin’s forces have brought Second World War levels of misery to communities whose only crime was to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. As Ukraine continues to uncover atrocities around its capital, more have been carried out in the east of the country. Dozens of civilians fleeing the city of Kramatorsk – which could be besieged any day now – were killed when two missiles struck a packed railway station. Sanctions have continued to be rolled out, more arms will be sent and the Kremlin has finally acknowledged it has suffered high casualties. In this, the sixth week of the war, is Ukraine any closer to peace? It would appear not. TL;DR: Putin’s war grows bleak and ever more brutal by the day. Sabina Nessa was a 28-year-old primary school teacher, loved equally by her friends, family and the children she taught. She studied sociology at the University of Greenwich before going on to complete her teaching qualification at the University of Bedfordshire. Sabina worked with young students at Rushey Green Primary School, not far from where she grew up. At the time of her death, her boss called her a ‘brilliant teacher; she was kind, caring and absolutely dedicated to her pupils’. Her sister Jabina Islam described Sabina as an ‘amazing role model’ who was ‘powerful, fearless, bright and just an amazing soul’. She was murdered in September 2021 as she walked through a park near her London home. Koci Selamaj, 36, pleaded guilty this week to killing her after driving from Eastbourne to the capital and picking his victim at random. He twice refused to come to court this week to face her family as he was sentenced to life in prison. That is all you need to know about Koci Selamaj. TL;DR: Sabina’s school are fundraising for a garden in her memory – you can donate here. Before we relay this tale of woe, let us just assure you that Rishi Sunak is absolutely fine. On Wednesday, which just so happens to be the day your taxes went up, it was revealed the chancellor’s wife is a tax non-dom. Akshata Murty, a fashion designer who owns a stake in her billionaire fathers company, has registered her native India as her permanent residence. That means she pays £30,000 to the government every year in order to only pay taxes to HMRC on income generated in the UK. One thing you should know about the Sunak-Murty clan is that they are fabulously wealthy – it’s hard to put a figure on how much they have in the bank but you don’t need to worry about the chancellor scraping by on his £150,000 salary. His wife reportedly has a 0.91% stake in Infosys, the IT giant founded by her father and worth more than £76 billion, which earned her a cool £11.6 million in the past year alone. He had a successful business career before going into politics and has previously been described as the richest MP ever. So again, he’s absolutely fine. Why does this matter? Labour have accused the chancellor of ‘breathtaking hypocrisy’ for potentially benefiting from his wife’s tax status at the same time as putting taxes up on working people. There are also questions over who knew what about her tax affairs, including whether or not he made it clear enough when he was handed the keys to the Treasury. Mr Sunak has come out swinging, denouncing the criticism as ‘smears’, while UNNAMED ALLIES (read: him) have fumed that the leak is a ‘political hit job’. Both Mr Sunak and Ms Murty have insisted that all rules and laws were followed fastidiously. But for the first time since coming to public prominence as the Cash Splasher-in-Chief during the pandemic, the chancellor’s career looks genuinely imperiled for the first time. But honestly, seriously, he’ll be fine. TL;DR: Who remembers Eat Out To Help Out? Anyone? A perfect storm of increased demand, Covid-19 infections and stretched infrastructure have combined this week to make going on holiday not worth the effort. The boss of Manchester Airport resigned after passengers were forced to queue for hours, many missing flights, because staff couldn’t process them quickly enough. There have been similar scenes at Heathrow and Birmingham and it looks set to continue through the school holiday period. EasyJet and British Airways have been particularly badly hit by Covid-related absences among staff, weeks after they confidently dropped mask-wearing rules. Airlines and airports were already understaffed after making cuts and redundancies during the pandemic, leaving them exposed to the wave of infections which has swept the UK in recent weeks. Given that this is the first Easter holiday period without travel restrictions in three years and with demand sure to surge, frustrated holidaymakers have been left wondering how they didn’t see this coming and plan accordingly? We’re a clever bunch here at Metro.co.uk but even we can’t figure that one out. TL;DR: Stay at home. So anyway, a dog got a speeding ticket. You don’t really need to know more than that but you can click here if you really want to. But you do absolutely have to see the quite wonderful picture of the tiny pooch seemingly sitting at the wheel of the German car. Why? Because we are all, in a way, just a small dog at the wheel of a speeding car, trying to stay on the road. Or something like that. We hope you all keep it between the lines this weekend. TL;DR: What more do you want? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.