Video footage shows the moment a cargo jet slid off the runway and snapped in half while engulfed in smoke. The DHL cargo plane was landing at San Jose’s international airport in Costa Rica yesterday when the incident happened. The airport was shut as a precaution but no crew were injured as a result of the crash. Hector Chaves, director of the Costa Rica Fire Department, explained how upon landing the aircraft skidded, turned and broke in two, exposing its cargo. ‘Units mobilised to remove the pilot and co-pilot,’ he said. ‘Then they applied foam to prevent a spill and now they are working on an earthen dike to avoid any fuel from reaching the drainage system.’ The Boeing 757 had initially taken off from Juan Santamaria Airport just west of the capital to fly to Guatemala City, but decided to return after detecting a failure in the hydraulic system. DHL spokesperson Daniel McGrath said at the time the company was working with airport staff to move the plane so flights could resume. He added an investigation had been launched to determine the cause of the incident. Mr McGrath further said both pilots were unharmed, but one was undergoing a medical check as a precaution. Luis Miranda, deputy director of civil aviation for Costa Rica, said the plane had only travelled around 35 miles from the airport when it requested permission to turn back. He said the jet was carrying around two-and-a-half hours’ worth of fuel and only the pilot and co-pilot were on board. It is not yet clear what was in the cargo. Airport staff said the crash would keep the airport closed until at least 6pm, with some incoming flights diverted to Daniel Oduber International Airport in Liberia, which is about 125 miles north west of San Jose. George Parker, who lives just a few hundred yards from the crash scene at the former United States Air Force base, said: ‘I saw the pilot come down in a nearby field as the plane smashed into a block of new build flats. ‘Fortunately no one has yet moved into them.’ DHL is a subsidiary of Deutsche Post DHL Group. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.