April has kicked off with a nationwide blast of icy air – which forecasters say will continue into the weekend. We may be two weeks into spring, but it certainly hasn’t felt like that for much of the UK. People in Scotland and the north of England woke up to a blanket of snow outside their homes yesterday. Flurries even blew through London as temperatures plummeted. A yellow ice warning was in place until 10am today for parts of the country as snow caused disruption on the roads. Forecasters have issued a further yellow warning, for ice, tomorrow for the East of England. Snow is also predicted for higher ground across the UK this weekend. Today will be frosty with ‘some sunny spells’ this morning before rain moves in this afternoon. Temperatures could drop below zero in Scotland and across some parts of England. The weekend will then bring a mixture of rain, sleet and hill snow as the cold weather continues. Spring-like weather will try to return early next week, but it may not feel much warmer as ‘breezy’ winds sweep over the UK. Met Office chief meteorologist Steve Ramsdale said: ‘As cold air continues to be drawn down from the north there is the potential for wintry showers to affect almost any area of the UK. ‘Although there’s unlikely to be widespread accumulations of snow there is a risk of some disruption in eastern and southeastern areas. ‘The best of any clear and sunny spells through the rest of this week are likely to be in the south and west of the UK, but it will definitely feel colder than it has over the last week or so.’ Tonight, temperatures are expected to reach just 2°C in London and Edinburgh. Cornwall and Devon will enjoy highs of 6°C while the coldest nights will be in Aberdeenshire and North Yorkshire where the mercury could drop below zero. Stronger than usual winds have also been recorded by the Met Office this week, with speeds of 53mph in Kent, 46mph in Norfolk and 38mph in Lincolnshire noted this morning. Councils in Newcastle, North Tyneside and Gateshead made the decision to bring rough sleepers inside as they implemented ‘severe weather emergency protocols’ yeterday. The cold weather this month will accompany a dramatic ‘magnetic storm’ that will sweep through the UK. The Northern Lights could be visible in areas with less light pollution tonight. People in Scotland, Northern Ireland and parts of northern England have the best chance of seeing the spectacle. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.