The Gogglebox stars were left ‘traumatised’ after watching a particular scene on Friday’s episode, just like the rest of us. We’re pretty used to Channel 4 bringing the shock factor, from shows like Naked Attraction to Open House: The Great Sex Experiment, but on Gogglebox they really don’t hold back from showing us things we really wish we hadn’t seen. Last night’s episode featured a particular scene that left us all (and the Gogglebox stars) traumatised, as the cast watched an X-rated episode of Apple TV+’s Roar, a feminist anthology series starring Nicole Kidman. The series is based on a book of short stories by Cecelia Ahern, including one called The Woman Who Was Fed By A Duck, and in one scene of that short story a woman and a duck share an intimate moment. We’re just as speechless as the cast, who shared some pretty priceless reactions. Giles and Mary seemed pretty concerned with the technicalities of the situation, with Giles exclaiming ‘Nooo’ in disgust, much like the rest of us. Pete and Sophie managed to make light of the situation, finding a pun to distract themselves. Viewers were left just as traumatised, with many taking to social media to exclaim disgust. One wrote: ‘I’m traumatised by that,’ with another adding: ‘Wtf am I witnessing right now??????’ Someone commented: ‘Imagine being an actress, reading that script and then agreeing to the part?!?!?’ While we may all be traumatised, we’ll all be back tuning into Gogglebox next week, as the series never fails to disappoint. On last week’s episode, the cast slammed into Boris Johnson after being left less than impressed with the Prime Minister’s apology for his involvement in Partygate. The stars of Gogglebox did not hold back in slamming his apology, with Mica saying: ‘They should resign,’ as Marcus concurred: ‘You can’t be the Prime Minister, who is writing the law, and you break the law.’ When Mr Johnson admitted his behaviour ‘fell short’ of what was expected of him, Sophie added: ‘Falling short is forgetting to put your clothes in the dryer when you’ve been asked,’ as Pete continued: ‘Or turning up to work 10 minutes late, not breaking the law.’ South London resident Annie told her husband: ‘I’m really upset Ronnie, I was a Boris fan. But gradually he’s gone down and down and down. I think he’s got to go, he’s got to go.’ Gogglebox airs Fridays from 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox stars fume at Boris Johnson’s Partygate apology: ‘He’s got to go!’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent star Nick Edwards explains why he was already wearing a mic for surprise performance after ‘fix’ row 