Ride hailing apps Uber and Lyft were called out for their surge pricing in the aftermath of the New York subway shootings yesterday. Some tweets from the Sunset Park area of Brooklyn showed prices jumping up as more people tried to get away. While a normal 10-mile UberX ride from Sunset Park over to Manhattan would cost around $65 (£50), tweets from the area were showing a fare of $85 (£65) after the subway shut down. The companies have apologised for the error and are trying to make amends with customers. ‘Our hearts go out to the victims of this morning’s terrible shooting in Sunset Park,’ Josh Gold from Uber told Metro.co.uk. ‘Following the incident, Uber disabled surge pricing in the vicinity and capped pricing citywide.’ Uber also said that if anyone experiencing unintended charges during the emergency would be refunded but did not mention any specifics. The company also failed to reveal whether the surge pricing was enabled automatically or whether there was a human involved in the decision. In response to the incident, Lyft announced that they would be providing discounted rides in New York to make it as easy and affordable to get around while transit remained affected. ‘Rides can be accessed using the code NYCHELP22, valid for two rides up to $15 each,’ said a statement from Lyft. However, the offer will only be available until the end of the week on Friday for 1000 users. ‘We will continue to monitor the conditions and communicate with Lyft drivers, riders and government officials,’ said Lyft. At least 10 people were shot in the New York City subway during the morning rush hour on Tuesday. The bloody incident occurred at a subway station in Brooklyn, where a man reportedly wearing a gas mask and construction vest was seen throwing a gas canister onto the train and then opening fire, law enforcement officials said. Today, investigators released pictures of a ‘person of interest’ in connection with the shootings. MORE : Uber to offer train, coach and flight bookings on its app MORE : Picture of ‘person of interest’ released after mass shooting on New York train