A young rugby player, who vanished after a drunken night out with friends drowned, an inquest has heard. Brooke Morris spent the evening partying with friends before they dropped her off outside her family home – but she never went inside. A huge search was mounted for the 22-year-old before her body was found five days later in a river, an inquest heard. The court was told that Brooke had ‘a lot to live for’ and her parents had no concern for her mental health. However, friends reported she had been ‘acting out of character’ on the night she died and had slapped a man in a nightclub hours before going missing. Toxicology tests showed Brooke had drunk a ‘significant amount of alcohol’ and was three times over the drink-drive limit at the time of her death. Friend Jemma Griffiths said the pair had been at a nightclub in Merthyr Tydfil, South Wales when Brooke slapped a man for making comments about her eyebrows. ‘She’s not the argumentative type, she’s not like that,’ Jemma told the court. ‘I said, “We’re two girls, what if he had slapped you back?” ‘I don’t think she meant to slap him. I think it was just a drunken reaction. I said to her, “You’re just acting silly”.’ Jemma said they decided to go home because Brooke was ‘acting out of character for her’. The hearing at Pontypridd Coroner’s Court was told Brooke was dropped off outside her home in Trelewis at around 2.30am but never went inside. Instead, she climbed over a gate and headed towards the river. A search was launched for Brooke and her body was found in the River Taff, Abercynon, five days later. A post-mortem examination found her medical cause of death was drowning. In a statement, her father Gary said: ‘With Brooke, she was more of a party girl. Her perfect job would have been in Ibiza.’ Giving a narrative conclusion, coroner Rachel Knight said: ‘Likely due to the level of alcohol she had consumed, Brooke’s behaviour was out of character and she had slapped a man who had made a comment about her eyebrows. ‘She did not go back into her house but walked to its rear and climbed a gate leading to one of the tributaries of the River Taff. ‘Brooke’s intention in going to the bridge and entering the water could not be ascertained.’ She told Brooke’s family: ‘She had a lot to live for and her death really is a tragedy.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.