Safiyya Vorajee has shared a devastating tribute to daughter Azaylia, marking the first anniversary since her death. The star and ex-boyfriend Ashley Cain shared the tragic news that their eight-month-old daughter had died last April, following a battle with a rare and aggressive form of leukaemia. Taking to Instagram, she marked the heartbreaking anniversary with a throwback video as she cuddled her baby, while listening to When You Believe, by Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston. ‘Azaylias 1 year anniversary,’ she began a lengthy caption beside the clip. ‘A year without my daughter you are such a beautiful baby Azaylia and when I say it doesn’t get any easier I mean that with a full heart. If love could of saved you I promise you would be here with me I will hold you in my heart & forever be connected with you for eternity. ‘The pain of not having my baby here on earth with me rips my body and soul to pieces everyday I open my eyes! Azaylia you made me a mummy and that title is the most precious one I will treasure forever, knowing I have given birth to my hero my inspiration my daughter is something I will keep close to my heart forever. ‘The night before you passed we sang this song together for the last time in bed, this was our song that always kept us believing in the most darkest times. ‘You achieved more in your 8months on earth than many of us will in a life time, you are helping so many children & families baby you are an inspiration. Truly missed & loved I love you keep flying high in heaven with all the other Angels [sic].’ She concluded the post: ‘With a heavy heart today and everyday baby mummy loves you so much I know your in the highest heaven and you look down on me today sat at your garden side from morning till night reflecting I love you so much. ‘The pain loss & emotion I’m feeling today is incredibly overwhelming [sic].’ Vorajee was supported by famous friends and fans in the comments section, with many sending her love. The official All On The Board Instagram page penned: ‘Sending you, Ashley and your families love and hugs today. Azaylia’s legacy will live on and she will never be forgotten. Xx.’ Charlotte Dawson replied: ‘Thinking of you so much my lovely. Sending all my love & prayers xxxx.’ ‘You are one incredible and inspirational woman Saf! Your baby girl will be so proud..,’ another agreed. ‘Sending you so much love and strength ADC #letsgochamp.’ ‘Thinking of you all today! Your so strong and amazing! She will be super proud of her mummy and daddy and will always be with you,’ a follower added. Cain marked the day by doing a 100-mile run from her grave to Trafalgar Square – visiting the lion statues to remember his daughter, who he nicknamed his ‘likkle lion’. The former couple are also set to unite at her graveside, with Vorajee telling the Mirror: ‘While we usually try to celebrate her life, this day will be sad. ‘We’re going to make the day as special and as beautiful as possible. ‘We’ll release three doves to represent mummy, daddy and Azaylia and we’ll bring the family together at her resting place, shed some tears and make our prayers.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selling Sunset’s Chelsea Lazkani has the perfect response to fans who think her British accent is ‘fake’ MORE : Megan Thee Stallion opens up about alleged Tory Lanez shooting in emotional interview: ‘I was so scared’ 