It’s not possible to know what pain this woman went through before she died. Etched into her body, accentuated by her own blood, a swastika has been carved across her stomach. The image, shared by a Ukrainian MP, apparently shows a dead Ukrainian woman after she was raped and murdered. Her story is one of many other horrific accounts of what has happened in parts of Ukraine and only coming to light as Russia partially withdraws. Metro.co.uk has been unable to verify the image, circulated by MP Lesia Vasylenko which comes against a backdrop of depravity from Russian soldiers in the Kyiv region. There have been widespread accusations of war crimes being committed by Vladimir Putin’s forces after they retreated from Bucha and Irpin. Images show streets littered with what seems to be the dead bodies of civilians, some of them with their hands bound behind their back, suggesting widespread executions. It is unclear where the latest image comes from, but Metro.co.uk has contacted MP Lesia Vasylenko for comment. The University College London graduate, an outspoken critic of Russia who has evacuated her children from Kyiv, tweeted: ‘Tortured body of a raped and killed woman. ‘I’m speechless. My mind is paralyzed with anger and fear and hatred.’ Ms Vasylenko, also a co-chair of Ukrainian British parliamentary friendship group, branded Russia a ‘nation of immoral criminals’ in a later tweet. She added: ‘Russian soldiers loot, rape and kill. 10 (year old) girls with vaginal and rectal tears. ‘Women with swastika shaped burns. Russia. Russian Men did this. And Russian mothers raised them. A nation of immoral criminals.’ Disturbing video footage from the journalist Patrick Lancaster – who the investigative website Bellingcat has branded ‘Pro-Kremlin’ – appears to suggest the women was found in a Mariupol basement. The clip was uploaded last Sunday, March 27, with Mr Lancaster suggesting the body was found in a Ukrainian Azov Battalion military base – though it is unclear when the woman was initially found or if her body had been moved. There have been countless accusations of Ukrainian women being raped by Russian invaders but the revelations from Bucha, a commuter town near the capital where young families lived before the war, have provoked revulsion from across the world. The bodies of children were among civilians to have been mutilated, killed and chucked in mass graves, reports say. Video footage shows drivers swerving to avoid the bodies of people dressed in ordinary clothing. The Mayor of the town – which at roughly 37,000 residents before the war was about two thirds the size of Woking by population – said yesterday that around 300 civilians had so far been buried in mass graves. There are also fears that Russian soldiers booby-trapped corpses to kill or injure those attempting to bury them. Boris Johnson slammed the ‘despicable attacks’ and vowed not to rest ‘until justice is served’. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky accused Russia of genocide and war crimes. One wife returned to Bucha to discover her husband’s mutilated body in their garden. But there are concerns that even worse scenes may have occurred on a larger scale in besieged Mariupol. Meanwhile, the Russian defence ministry has denied that Russian forces killed civilians in Bucha, claiming that videos and photographs of bodies were ‘yet another provocation’ by the Ukrainian government. Yet Western nations appear to have long ago given up on believing Russia’s claims about the war – and responded with fury to the developments in Bucha. Germany said that those responsible for war crimes should pay amid growing calls for Putin to be sent to the International Criminal Court and tried as a war criminal. US Secretary of State Antony Blinken described the images as a ‘punch in the gut’ as calls for a further tightening of sanctions against Russia intensified. Politicians again stopped short of calling for military intervention, however. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Puppy rescued from Ukraine stolen and injured two days after arriving in UK