Elderly and disabled residents living in a 13-storey tower block were left ‘trapped’ in their homes for four days when the lift broke down. As many as 27 households had to negotiate the ‘heavy doors and slippy stairs’ at Humphries Court in Collyhurst, Greater Manchester, from last Thursday morning. Mary Ross, 84, has ‘serious mobility issues’ and was ‘desperate’ to leave her flat on the sixth floor for some fresh air. Her son Anthony, who is looking after her following a stint at hospital, told Manchester Evening News the lack of emergency action was ‘unacceptable’. ‘The emergency repair centre were contacted on a number of occasions regarding the situation, and on Thursday afternoon, residents were told that an engineer would be out to fix the problem soon after 4pm,’ Anthony, 58, said. ‘They were again contacted on Friday when the lift was still not working and the residents were told that engineers were waiting for a part, but the lift would be fixed before the weekend, even if it meant working through the night.’ Humphries Court has two lifts – one serving even-numbered floors and another serving odd floors. This means half of the 54 households were unaffected by the breakdown. Despite desperate pleas from affected households, the repair was completed on Monday. Mr Ross said: ‘Anyone that lives on the affected floors can’t get out, no fresh air. It got to Sunday afternoon, and my mum said she’d have to negotiate the stairs. ‘Able-bodied residents have to use the staircase to access a floor where a lift is available, but when bringing heavy bags of shopping, or having deliveries of furniture, are in a very precarious situation having to negotiate several doors and passageways to get to their apartments. ‘And these slippy painted staircases are impossible for the elderly or disabled to use with walkers or wheelchairs. ‘We’ve got a lot of older people that live here, it’s quite dangerous for them. ‘Part of my mum’s physiotherapy is to get up and about. She just wasn’t able to get out because the lift was down.’ He stressed this is the ‘third time’ the lift has broken down in the last 12 months, including over the Christmas period. At the time, the repair centre said it would be New Year before it would be back in action again due to holiday-induced delays. A Manchester City Council spokesperson said refurbishment plans are in place for this financial year and both lifts will serve all floors. ‘We were alerted to the breakdown of one of the lifts on Thursday last week due to a failed part,’ they added. ‘This part has now been received and we can confirm that the lift has been repaired.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.