This heartbreaking image shows a dog laying down beside the dead body of a man believed to have been murdered by Russian troops. It was taken in Bucha, a city on the outskirts of Kyiv, where evidence of horrific atrocities carried out by Vladimir Putin’s forces is growing. The man – possibly the dog’s owner – is shown laying on the pavement alongside a toppled bicycle, with the dog sat next to him. Sharing the image on social media, one person wrote: ‘Dog is not leaving his master, killed by Russians in Bucha. #StandWithUkraine.’ Another added that the dog was refusing to ‘leave his friend’. Metro.co.uk was unable to verify whether the man was the dog’s owner. Mutilated dead bodies of civilians have been found lying in the streets or dumped into mass graves. Some of them have been pictured with their hands tied behind their backs, with evidence of them being raped, tortured and burned. One gruesome image shows a swastika carved across the stomach of a Ukrainian rape victim. Despite so many harrowing photos coming out of Bucha, as Ukrainian forces take back the area surrounding Kyiv, Russia still denies carrying out war crimes. Moscow has tried to pin the blame on its neighbour, claiming the massacre of civilians has been faked as a ‘provocation’. But US President Joe Biden has said Putin must face a war crimes trial and says his administration is helping collect evidence. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said images of dead Ukrainian civilians in Bucha were a ‘punch in the gut’ and that those behind their deaths must be held responsible. He said: ‘There needs to be accountability. But I think the most important thing is we can’t become numb to this. We can’t normalise this. ‘This is the reality of what’s going on every single day as long as Russia’s brutality against Ukraine continues.’ Blinken side-stepped a question of whether the United States believes Russian troops have committed genocide. This has been suggested by Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, who told CBS: ‘This is about the elimination of the whole nation and the people. ‘We are the citizens of Ukraine and we don’t want to be subdued to the policy of Russian Federation. This is the reason we are being destroyed and exterminated.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.