While many men would dream of having multiple women eager to sleep with them, it’s proven problematic for Arthur O Urso. The Brazilian model made headlines last year after he collectively married his nine wives in a bid to ‘celebrate free love’ and ‘protest against monogamy’. However it appears he’s struggling to keep up with the needs of his many partners, as well as ensuring he’s splitting his time between them equally. Arthur and his first wife, Luana Kazaki, are swingers, and formalised their union with eight other women at a Catholic church in São Paulo, having them join their marriage – although it was not legally binding as polygamy is illegal in the country. There have been ups and downs in the relationship, both romantically – with one wife, Agatha, having decided she wants a divorce from the group – and sexually. Struggling to balance the needs of his many partners, Arthur introduced a sex schedule to make sure he was making love to each of them fairly. But he soon found the set-up to be too structured and stressful, saying he found it hard to focus on just one wife at a time. Arthur said: ‘They all want to fulfill my sexuality at any cost. They are happy to make it their goal. ‘Our sex life is really fun and pleasurable, and initially I tried to have sex by appointment. ‘But following a timetable caused a lot of problems and sometimes I felt like I had to have sex because of the schedule, and not for pleasure. ‘On other occasions I had sex with one wife while thinking about another.’ Since ditching the rota and letting things ‘flow naturally’, Arthur says the sex is now better than ever. ‘It doesn’t take long to get attention or affection when you have that many wives,’ he said. ‘It is very fun, pleasurable and unique to experience everything collectively, and they are all very different in bed. ‘One of them, I won’t name her to keep her privacy, likes to be dominant and I like a woman who tells me what she wants.’ There have also been jealousy issues, although it’s usually over issues like gift giving. Arthur said: ‘When I have given one of them an expensive gift and another a smaller or cheaper one, there has been jealousy among them. ‘They all demand attention, affection and sex to be part of our everyday life, and I can’t do more for one than the other. I’m still learning about our relationship.’ It seems one wife, however, has had enough. Arthur, who has an OnlyFans account with his wives, recently revealed that one of them, Agatha, will be leaving the marriage. He previously said: ‘She wanted to have me all to herself. It didn’t make sense – we have to share. I was very sad about the separation and even more surprised by her excuse. ‘She said that she was missing a monogamous relationship. ‘My other wives thought her attitude was wrong and that she accepted the marriage for adventure and not for real feelings. ‘I know I’ve lost a wife, but I’m not going to replace her at the moment.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : All inclusive holiday drink limits – what to know before you go MORE : What is the tractor style sex position and how do you do it?