Gary Neville branded Manchester United ‘a joke’ after they slipped to a damaging defeat against relegation threatened Everton at Goodison Park on Saturday. The Toffees were starved of confidence following Wednesday’s defeat at Burnley which saw Frank Lampard’s sink to within a point of the drop zone. United, however, struggled to assert their authority and were unable to find a way back into the contest after Anthony Gordon’s 27th minute opener. Jordan Pickford made a sharp late save to deny Cristiano Ronaldo what would have been a scarcely deserved equaliser, but that effort aside Ralf Rangick’s side failed to offer any semblance of an attacking threat. Neville reserved praise for Lampard afterwards, particularly in the wake of Sean Dyche’s claim that his Burnley charges were instructed to seize on Everton’s insecurities at Turf Moor in midweek. ‘United a joke,’ Neville wrote on Twitter after the game.  ‘Well done to Everton. Would have also been hard for Frank Lampard to hear Sean Dyche say what he said so well done to him. Some response.’ Everton matchwinner Gordon, meanwhile, admitted it was vital to get the home fans back onside after such a dispiriting defeat at Burnely. He said: ‘You can see by the results we get here. We definitely feed off the fans and are a better team with them. ‘They are a top team with top players at the front end of the pitch so we did really well to keep a clean sheet. ‘The gaffer always says you make your own luck by working hard and winning the ball back. I made my own luck with a bit of hard work. ‘I can only speak for myself but I’m really sore and have had a few kicks.’ MORE : Martin Keown claims Cristiano Ronaldo is questioning his decision to re-join Manchester United after surprise defeat to Everton MORE : Manchester United boss Ralf Rangnick explains decision to drop Paul Pogba and makes bold Nemanja Matic claim For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 