By the time Charlotte Tarrant gave birth to her daughter Natalie in July 2017, she had already been tracking her spending as a way to keep on top of her finances. So unlike many parents, she knows exactly how much she’s spent on her little girl to date, and it’s a whopping £24,039.91 – despite Natalie not even hitting five yet. ‘I knew having a baby would be expensive but once we’d decided we wanted one, the cost was the last thing on my mind,’ Charlotte, 45, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I knew we’d manage somehow.’ The freelancer writer first began keeping a tally of her spending, when she got into financial trouble over a decade ago. ‘I haven’t always been good with money,’ she admits. ‘In my 30s, I used to live from pay day to pay day, and as my wages were never a regular occurrence, it wasn’t a good way to live.’ However, after discovering that she didn’t have enough in her account to cover her rent with her partner Phil, now 61, Charlotte decided something had to change. ‘I researched ways to be more financially savvy and came across the idea of recording everything you spent. So that’s what I decided to do – and it really helped,’ she explains. ‘Suddenly more aware of what money I was making and exactly what I was spending it on.’ When Charlotte and Phil decided to start a family in 2013, she knew that keeping her finances under control and having a baby were intrinsically linked. ‘They were both about growing up, becoming an adult and thinking about the future.’ It took the couple three years to conceive – and three rounds of IVF on the NHS. During that time they also decided to set up a ‘family fund’ for their future child. ‘Every month, we both transferred in £35,’ recalls Charlotte. ‘By the time Natalie arrived, we had saved £3,075.13 towards her expenses.’ Expenses that were gobbled up even before their daughter turned one, with mum Charlotte noting that from pregnancy to Natalie’s first birthday, they had already spent over £5,000. Talking about the grand total to date, she adds, ‘These costs don’t include our two family holidays, the first to Majorca in 2019 and the second to Swanage in 2021, nor our grocery bills. ‘They also don’t factor in any loss of earnings we may have suffered from being parents or the fact that we moved to a bigger flat to have her. It is purely what we have spent on her alone.’ According to the Child Poverty Action Group, the cost of raising a child until they were 18 has risen by 13% for couples and a whopping 25% for lone parents in the last decade. Now, the basic cost of raising a child until adulthood comes in at around £76,167 for a couple and £103,100 for a single-parent family – however, that’s without all the added extras such as housing and childcare thrown in. Include those, and the figures stack up to a total of £160,692 for a couple and £193,801 for a lone parent. Which means that if figures go up by 13% over the next decade, Natalie’s parents can expect to have spent around £181k on her, despite her still being four years shy of 18 – and that’s not taking into account the rocketing cost of living that is having a huge impact on the UK right now. Here, Charlotte, gives us a breakdown of just some of their key expenses so far… Purchases before birth – £1,473.38 It turns out, preparing for a baby’s arrival can be an expensive time. We spent £398 on a car seat, £266 on an NCT course, £80 on an activity mat and £85 on a nappy bag – I knew it would have to last me for a number of years, so I wanted a decent one. Once we added in everything else – clothes, muslins, a changing mat, a baby bath, the first rounds of nappies, etc – it totted up to £1,473.38. Hospital costs (Birth) – £381.14 This cost far more than we’d ever thought. Because of my age, the midwives didn’t want me to go over 40 weeks, so I was induced on my due date. A lot of the amount were snacks- such as, sandwiches, crisps, biscuits – to get us through the three days it took for Natalie to arrive. On the third night, we also paid for Phil to stay in a hotel room, after having to make do on a hospital chair for two nights. Breastfeeding / feeding kit – £423.81 I wanted to breastfeed Natalie right from the start. It wasn’t really about the financial benefits. And it’s a good job it wasn’t, because I spent £131.23 on an electric breast pump and a further £19.98 on a handheld one, neither of which I could get the hang of. Plus, Natalie wouldn’t accept a bottle, so that was £151.21 down the drain! Childcare – £10,219.04 We’d saved £8,500 in the lead up to having Natalie so that I could have a seven-month maternity leave, despite us both being freelance. After that, Phil and I split work and childcare fifty-fifty. It was hard but it meant we managed to save on childcare costs – and spend more time with Natalie – until she was 14 months old. When it was time to go back to work we found an amazing childminder who had 20 years experience – and only charged £5 an hour! We built her up slowly and obviously over lockdown, we weren’t always allowed to put her in, so costs have varied over the years. At £10,219.04 it has been by far our biggest expense, but it was definitely worth it, especially knowing that some other people can pay £50-£60 or even more for a single day at nursery. We really appreciate finding such an experienced person who we all trusted, at such a reasonable cost. Activities – £1,402.72 The cost of activities is one area which has definitely varied over the years. When Natalie was tiny and I was on maternity leave, we did a lot of baby classes at the local children’s centre for small amounts, like £3. When the pandemic hit, those costs dwindled (of course, the costs of toys simultaneously went up – on the day Boris announced we were going into lockdown, we spent £47.48 on a scooter to make our daily walks more interesting). As social restrictions have changed, we’ve done fewer activities, but more extravagant ones. We spent £96.65 to go and see Peppa Pig in the theatre and an eyewatering £185.06 on a Charlie and the Chocolate Factory afternoon tea. And of course, there are things like £2.49 movie rentals and £16 tickets to see Encanto at the cinema. Birthdays – £782.29 On Natalie’s first birthday, we went crazy and spent (I can barely type it) £432.23. It was, of course, mostly for us and our friends and family – it was just a party at home, but with the cake selection costing £19.25, £70.57 on decorations, £200 on food and drink, it all added up. A couple of years ago, a study of 2,000 parents by social money app Pingit showed that £207 is the average amount to be forked out on first birthdays, so at least I know we’re not alone in over-spending! Over the following years, these costs dropped dramatically. Just before her second birthday, we lost two relatives and, unable to face anything bigger, Phil and I took her for cake in a garden centre. Then, of course, for birthdays three and four, we couldn’t celebrate properly because of Covid. We’re starting to think about her fifth birthday in July and now she’s in school, with a class full of friends, this one will cost the same as all of her other birthdays put together, around £700, by the time we hire out a venue and an entertainer for so many children, pay for food and drinks and then provide party bags, as well as presents for her. We’re happy to spend the money though, as she missed out in previous years. Clothes – £1,405 We’ve always been really lucky to have friends who have handed down clothes from their children but we’ve still managed to spend over £1,000 on clothes in total on Natalie. Matalan is our local clothes shop, so we tend to go there, as it’s generally good value, and I spend between £3 and £10 on T-shirts, £21 on two pairs of wellies and £6.98 on a pair of slippers. This doesn’t include her school uniform, either, which totalled a further £378.85. However, shoes are notoriously expensive. My mum is extremely generous and always includes a Clarks voucher in with Natalie’s birthday and Christmas presents. Even so, in August 2020 alone, we spent £118.05 on four pairs of shoes. To keep costs down, we also buy her some cheaper pairs from Matalan too. ‘If someone had showed me this spreadsheet before I’d had Natalie, or told me over the next four years and nine months, I’d have spent nearly £25,000 on her, yes, it would have felt scary,’ admits Charlotte. ‘Likewise, when I think about it costing around £180,000 until she hits 18. It is  such a lot of money, but I put it to the back of my mind. ‘It’s over a lot of years and if we have to, we’ll find ways to save in other areas of our lifestyle. ‘We have already started saving for her future, putting £5,000 in a junior ISA but also extra money for us to have to spend on her. ‘But I also know we’ll find a way,’ adds Charlotte. ‘Natalie has always been a much-wanted, much-loved baby and I would have spent any amount to have her. To us, she’s priceless.’ MORE : ‘Nursery bills will cripple us’: Mums share the bleak reality of childcare costs MORE : More than 1,500,000 cancel Netflix, Disney+ and Now TV over living cost crisis MORE : If you think life is already expensive, this chart shows it’s about to get worse Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below.