The families of two British men taken prisoner while fighting in Ukraine have hit back at a Tory minister for suggesting they were there ‘illegally’. Shaun Pinner and Aiden Aslin were paraded on Russian TV, pleading Boris Johnson for a prisoner exchange, after they were captured in the besieged city of Mariupol. Both men have lived in Ukraine with their partners for four years, and were serving in a unit of Ukrainian marines, but Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis told Sky News they ‘shouldn’t have been there, it is an illegal act to be there’. Mr Aslin’s brother, Nathan Wood, urged the minister to get ‘his facts right’. ‘They have both been living in Ukraine for multiple years and are legally a part of the Ukrainian armed forces,’ he told i news. The sister of Mr Pinner, a 48-year-old former Royal Anglian Regiment soldier, also urged MPs to do their research. ‘Our official statement from the Foreign Office explains my brother is an official Ukraine marine, following Ukraine legislation, as a contract soldier,’ Cassandra Pinner said.    ‘He has lived in Ukraine for four years. His wife is Ukrainian. He must not be labelled as a British mercenary or volunteer. He did not leave the UK to fight in this conflict.’ In a new video uploaded on Monday, Mr Aslin, a 28-year-old ex-care worker from Nottinghamshire, is seen telling the camera: ‘Diane, my wife, I want you to know, I love you. I hope the British Government is able to push this prisoner exchange through so I can return to you and we can build our life in Britain. ‘To my mother and brother and the rest of my family, I also love you. I hope I can see you soon if this prisoner exchange is done.’ He was being interviewed by pro-Kremlin YouTuber Graham Phillips, who demanded Mr Aslin denounce the ‘hero’ status given to him by Western media. Mr Aslin replied: ‘Firstly I’m not a hero I tried to desert that is not something a hero would do. ‘Secondly, my treatment has been good I’ve not been beaten or anything.’ After the video was released, Mr Aslin’s friend, via his personal Twitter account, posted: ‘Why is this even allowed on YouTube? Coerced statements from POWs. ‘Remember that Aiden’s jailers control every aspect of his life now, like if he gets fed or not.’ In a statement, Mr Pinner’s family said: ‘We would like to make it clear he is not a volunteer nor a mercenary, but officially serving with the Ukrainian army in accordance with Ukrainian legislation. ‘Our family is currently working with the Foreign Office along with the family of Aiden Aslin, who is also being held by the Russian army to ensure their rights as prisoners of war are upheld according to the Geneva convention. ’Our hearts go out to all those caught up in this horrific conflict.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.