New research shows people across the UK have delayed coming out as lesbian due to ‘harmful’ stereotypes. Charity Just Like Us found 68% of those surveyed feared they would be perceived as ‘man-hating’, ‘over-sexualised’ or ‘anti-trans’. Around 30% feared being viewed as ‘cringey or awkward’ while 25% worried they would be viewed as ‘wrong’. Some responders worried they would be seen as ‘taboo’, ‘masculine or butch’ or ‘unattractive’. And over-sexualisation of lesbians was found to be the biggest barrier for young lesbians age 18 to 24 (36%). Overall, one in 20 lesbians delayed coming out because they could be seen as ‘anti-trans’. This reason was cited by many in the 25-34 age category. One respondent, Niamh, explained coming out to both schoolmates and family was ’embarrassing’ at the time. She added: ‘At school it was already a rumour, and I knew people would gossip about it, and they did. I was always scared it would get back to my sister who was at the same school. ‘At home, I didn’t really want to tell my parents, but I felt like I had to, because that’s what’s expected.’ Mara, from Dudley, came out as bisexual at 15, lesbian at 17 and non-binary at 19. They added: ‘My high school experience was quite challenging at times, as the word lesbian was often used as an insult, so it was difficult to come to terms with being a lesbian when most of what I had heard about them was in a negative light.’ Amy Ashenden, a lesbian and director of communications at Just Like Us, added preconceptions such as ‘anti-trans’ and ‘unattractive’ unfairly impacted the entire LGBT+ community. She added: ‘These stereotypes are rooted in misogynistic ideas of what a woman should be and we can see the damaging effects of these stereotypes, particularly on young lesbians, in the research.’ Just Like Us also delved into how many lesbians across the UK delayed coming out, broken down by region. In Northern Ireland, 100% of lesbians had put off telling friends and family. The second highest figure was seen in London (76%) while the South West (74%) and Yorkshire (72%) followed closely behind. The lowest figure was reported in Wales, where 55% of lesbians delayed coming out. Pippa, a Just Like Us volunteer from London, said: ‘I started realising I was gay when I was 15, but didn’t really feel comfortable calling myself anything until I was 20. ‘A lot of people made me think that I couldn’t be sure that I was gay, especially because I’d had a boyfriend before. ‘I didn’t really know how to talk to people about it, because the word lesbian is so tied to sex and pornography that it always feels like calling yourself “lesbian” is the same as sharing details about your sex life.’ Alexa, 24 and from Buckinghamshire, also delayed coming out. She said: ‘I luckily didn’t come to understand my sexuality until my last year of school, but I was still bullied due to the suspicions/inklings of others. ‘It’s also important to make clear that the vocal anti-trans lesbians that receive media coverage do not represent all lesbians under any circumstances.’ The Growing up LGBT+ report, released today, has been published to coincide with Lesbian Visibility Week 2022. Dominic Arnall, chief executive of Just Like Us, said: ‘It is deeply saddening to see that the next generation of young lesbians are still suffering from these harmful and damaging stereotypes about lesbians. ‘All young people deserve to know that being LGBT+ is something to be celebrated and through our work with schools, we want to smash these stereotypes and show that being a lesbian is a wonderful, positive thing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.