Dan Stevens left The One Show presenters at a loss for words after he made a savage dig at Boris Johnson in jaw-dropping scenes during Wednesday’s programme. The aftermath of the partygate scandal saw the Prime Minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak fined for breaching Covid-19 rules with both now facing calls to resign following the revelations. Downton Abbey’s Dan was joined by Derry Girls’ Saoirse-Monica Jackson and Jamie-Lee O’Donnell on the show to discuss his upcoming drama Gaslit, which also stars Hollywood royalty Julia Roberts and Sean Penn. But when host Alex Jones asked the actor about the show’s premise, nobody expected his scathing Boris takedown. ‘Well, what you’ve got is a criminal for a leader, who is wrapped in a messy war, embroiled in a stupid scandal, and surrounded by ambitious idiots and really should resign,’ Dan said. After pausing, he then quipped: ‘No I’m sorry that’s the intro to Boris Johnson, I’m so sorry!’ There’s the mic drop! Alex and co-host Jermaine Jenas were too stunned to speak after the unexpected moment, with Alex letting out an audible gasp. Viewers virtually applauded the controversial yet brave statement and took to Twitter immediately. One person wrote: ‘That was absolutely fabulous Dan Stevens, fab. U. Lus so funny. The deep breaths were….. breathtaking!’ ‘Dan Stevens saying what most of us are thinking, on the One Show. Fantastic. Thanks Dan,’ another enthused. ‘I’m sorry but Dan Stevens comments on #TheOneShow about Bojo! Outstanding,’ a third added. An influx of celebrities have given their verdict following the news of Boris’s fine, including Piers Morgan. Broadcaster Piers tweeted: ‘Conservative MPs now have to decide whether they’re comfortable with having a law-breaking Prime Minister & Chancellor. Bottom line: why should the British public follow any laws if those in charge of setting them so brazenly break them & keep their jobs?’ Gary Lineker simply wrote: ‘Unbelievable. Truly astounding.’ Jeremy Vine weighed in: ‘If I was one of the two Leeds students fined £10,000 for organising a snowball fight while the #CovidRestrictions were on, I might be feeling a little aggrieved this lunchtime.’ Comedian Joe Lycett responded to Mr Johnson in his cheeky signature style, writing: ‘@BorisJohnson i dont care if u broke the law babe, i LOVE a bad boy lol 😂😂😂 xoxox.’ The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Denise Welch doesn’t think Boris Johnson should resign over Partygate scandal as she rages against past lockdown restrictions MORE : Piers Morgan and Gary Lineker lead celeb outrage after ‘brazen’ Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak fined over partygate 