Global food security is under threat as a result of the Vladimir Putin’s war in Ukraine, the UK Ministry of Defence (MoD) has warned. It says the Ukrainian grain harvest for this year will be slashed by a fifth compared to last year, which will have a knock-on effect on food markets around the world – particularly in poorer nations. Meanwhile, the situation on the ground in parts of Ukraine remains desperate. In the eastern Donbas, where Russia has refocussed its attention after a partial withdrawal from other parts of Ukraine, Putin’s forces are accused of attacking sources of water and electricity, hampering efforts to protect civilians. Luhansk governor Serhiy Gaidai said civilians who survived fatal shelling over the weekend were facing no electricity across the province on Monday. Russian strikes on Saturday severed a key gas pipeline and caused a fire at an electricity substation, cutting gas supply to 5,500 people in Luhansk, he added. Ukrainian human rights ombudswoman Lyudmyla Denisova said the Russian military had also destroyed 347 health facilities including all in Luhansk, threatening thousands of lives. Food supplies are reaching many of the cities around the country but the ‘siege’ tactics used by the Russians have left some searching desperately for food. Citizens of Mariupol, now largely under Russian control despite an ongoing final stand at a steel plant, were particularly badly effected with the even the most basic supplies running out. But now attention is also turning to the war’s impact on global resources – which experts have previously warned could become a major issue. In an intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine last night, the Mod explained: ‘The Russian invasion of Ukraine has significantly disrupted Ukrainian agricultural production. ‘The Ukrainian grain harvest for 2022 is likely to be around 20 per cent lower than 2021 due to reduced sowing areas following the invasion.’ It continued: ‘Ukraine is the fourth largest producer and exporter of agricultural goods in the world. Reduced grain supply from Ukraine will generate inflationary pressures, elevating the global price of grain. ‘High grain prices could have significant implications for global food markets and threaten global food security, particularly in some of the least economically developed countries.’ It comes as Russia warned the west not to ‘underestimate’ the threat of nuclear war. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Russia bombs five Ukrainian train stations hours after US officials visit by rail