Tim Feerick, the bass player for rock band Dance Gavin Dance, has died, with fans expressing their devastation over the loss of the musician. In a statement released by the band, who were first formed in Sacramento, California in 2005, they said that they were ‘absolutely devastated’ to announce Feerick’s ‘untimely’ death. ‘We are absolutely devastated to share the news that our friend and bass player, Tim Feerick, passed away last night,’ they said. ‘We ask that you respect our privacy and that of Tim’s family while we deal with this heartbreaking and untimely loss.’ They added that they would share updates on their scheduled appearance at music festival Swanfest and their upcoming tour in due course. According to local paper The Sacramento Bee, Feerick was 34 years old. In a message posted on Twitter, Tilian Pearson, one of the singers of the band, expressed his gratitude to everyone who’s reached out to share their support. ‘I appreciate everyone who has reached out to me, so much. It actually really helps. The pain is unbearable but it gets better when someone wants to share it,’ he said. Tributes have poured in for Feerick, with band Sleeping With Sirens releasing a tribute that read: ‘Sending our love & condolences to Tim’s family & the @DGDtheband camp.’ Rock band Coheed and Cambria wrote: ‘Our deepest condolences to the Dance Gavin Dance family for their extraordinary loss.’ Musician Skyler Acord said that Feerick’s loss ‘stings’, saying he was ‘so nice’ and saying he was ‘such a ripper’ on the bass. One fan wrote on Twitter that they wished to put on a memorial in his honour, in a message reshared by Dance Gavin Dance on Twitter. ‘I want to make this a thing now, so. In light of today’s news, if anybody in the Sacramento area wants to meet at the Afterburner mural tonight around 8 to light some candles and celebrate Tim, you are welcome to join,’ the fan announced. Another fan said that ‘some of the most vivid and impactful shows and records I’ve ever listened to and experienced were due to this man’, adding: ‘I’ll forever be grateful for his part in inspiring me and so many others to make music.’ Someone else wrote: ‘My heart hurts so badly today. I’m grateful to have had the pleasure of watching Tim play music for several years. my thoughts and love go out to DGD, his family & his friends. RIP.’ One person dubbed Feerick ‘an absolute legend’, writing: ‘Thanks for the endless amount of gnarly bass riffs & breakdowns that get me through the days.’ Feerick began touring with Dance Gavin Dance in 2009, before becoming an official member of the band four years later. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : We Ready rapper Archie Eversole dies aged 37 MORE : Jean-Marc Vallée’s cause of death revealed after Big Little Lies director dies aged 58