Domino’s has expanded their vegetarian offering, with a new Grilled Vegi Pesto pizza. The limited edition offering is here for summer, inspired by alfresco dining. It’s topped with chargrilled courgettes, mozzarella, red, green and yellow peppers, tomatoes, red onions, and finished with a pesto drizzle. Recent YouGov data found that 28% of Brits are now committed to a completely meatless diet, while one in 10 are now only have the occasional meat meal. Domino’s has noticed sales of their veggie pizzas have increased by 17%, so are adding another to the menu. Melanie Howe, a Domino’s fresh veg picker, said: ‘We wanted to create an epic pizza that is perfect for al-fresco get-togethers this summer. ‘We’ve taken the most popular veggie toppings and then thrown in some newbies that are packed with flavour, we’ve added a fragrant and delicious pesto. ‘The drizzle gives the pizza a herby pop of flavour like nothing else we have on the menu.’ Here’s what team Lifestyle think of the latest menu addition. Anyone close to me will have made a joke at some point about how much I love and eat pizza. I like an authentic Italian one with veggie and pesto toppings – so we’re striking half of my preferences here. But I can’t taste the pesto much – perhaps it’s watered down? It reminds me of the pesto you get on frozen Dr. Oetker pizzas. However, it is was tasty and I had no problems polishing it off. I liked the courgette too. Rating: 3.5/5 This looks and feels very fancy for a Domino’s. The pesto adds a really nice twist, to the point that you don’t even need the garlic and herb dipping sauce. Really pleased to see a new veggie option on the menu. Full points. Rating: 5/5 I’m not a vegetarian but I love a veggie pizza so these types of toppings don’t have to do much to keep me happy. The cheese to veg to crust ratio is great, but I’m not getting much of the pesto flavour at all – which is odd considering how punchy pesto is supposed to be. So for all intents and purposes, this is a normal veggie pizza for me. Rating: 2.5/5 On the whole I thought it was a decent attempt for a veggie pizza – but as someone who isn’t vegetarian it didn’t hit the spot as much as other Domino’s options for me. However, the vegetables tasted really fresh which I like and I enjoyed the taste of the fresh pesto (when you got some) – but on the parts where there wasn’t much pesto there wasn’t loads of taste. I imagine this would be a really nice, fresher option for a veggie – but for me, I didn’t love it but equally happily ate it. If they are going for a lighter option, I think this could be a winner for people. Rating: 3/5 The Grilled Vegi Pesto is available now to order online. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : McDonald’s drops brand new truffle mayo chicken burger – the Crispy McFillet MORE : Franco Manca launches new pizza with honey, hazelnuts, stilton and more – here’s our review MORE : The Chicken Big Mac has landed – this is what the Lifestyle team think of it