Actress Jossara Jinaro has died aged 48 after battling cancer, her husband Matt Bogado has confirmed. Brazilian-born Jinaro, who appeared in shows including ER and Passions, died on Wednesday at home with her family. Her husband wrote in a tribute on Facebook: ‘With great sorrow, I announce the passing of my wife, Jossara Jinaro on this date, April 27, 2022. ‘Jossara bravely fought cancer and came home to be surrounded by family. ‘Jossara was an amazing wife, mother, artist, and friend. She had the most beautiful, kind soul and wouldn’t take no for an answer. Even in her last moments, she was still fighting. ‘She is now resting in peace and will be remembered forever. Myself, Liam, and Emrys will miss her so deeply, although we know she is in our hearts and guiding us every step of the way.’ He added: ‘A public memorial service will be held in the Bay Area. More details will come soon.’ Jinaro was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and was raised in Colombia, according to Deadline, before moving to America with her family after her diplomat stepfather was held hostage. She moved to Chicago when she was 16 to find an agent, before being advised to move to Los Angeles to further her acting career. Jinaro starred as Virginia Bustos in the Viva Vegas series, as well as appearing on Judging Amy, ER and Passions, for which she received a GLAAD nomination in 2006. She appeared alongside Anne Hathaway in 2005’s Havoc, and starred alongside Maggie Gyllenhaal in 2006’s World Trade Center, as well as producing her own short films. She is survived by her husband and two children, Liam and Emrys. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson jokes about Kim Kardashian’s ex Kanye West in first stand-up gig in three years MORE : WWE SmackDown results, grades: Charlotte Flair decimates poor Drew Gulak after Beat The Clock challenge 