Boris Johnson faced a fresh grilling on partygate after trying to gloss over the scandal while giving a speech in India. The prime minister held a press conference in New Dehli after meeting his counterpart Narendra Modi to discuss a post-Brexit trade deal. Mr Johnson had been hoping to use the two-day visit to move on from the Downing Street parties affair, but the trip has been overshadowed by deepening jeopardy in Westminster. The Tories were plunged into turmoil yesterday, when MPs voted to launch a Commons inquiry into whether the PM deliberately lied to Parliament through his partygate denials. It followed a chaotic day which saw ministers forced to abandon plans to try to delay the vote in the face of a Tory revolt. The prime minister did not acknowledge the drama during his speech, in which he said he was pushing for a trade deal with India by autumn and that the UK would be reopening its embassy in Kyiv to support Ukraine. However, he faced a grilling about it from journalists afterwards. The prime minister appeared to stumble over his answers, giving one particularly bizarre response. After being described as a ‘cat with nine lives’ by an ITV journalist, the PM was asked ‘how many have you got left?’ He replied: ‘We had a pretty good kick of a cat yesterday. Not that I’m in favour of kicking cats for the avoidance of doubt.’ He added: ‘But, you know, we did all that with great respect and what we’re talking about today, is the ways in which the situation, not just in Ukraine, the situation around the world is obliging the UK and India to do more together.’ Mr Johnson also swerved a question about whether the British public were wrong to care about partygate, saying people will be more interested in ‘jobs and growth’ in the UK and a move towards wind power. He said: ‘I think that what people want in our country is for the government to get on and focus on the issues on which we were elected, and that’s what we’re going to do.’ Polls show 75% of the British public think the PM is lying by claiming he did not realise he had broken his own lockdown rules when he attended a gathering for his 56th birthday in June 2020. Last week the PM was fined over that event, alongside his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Over half the population now want him to resign, surveys suggest. However, Mr Johnson told the press conference he is confident he will still be leader by Diwali in October.  Earlier, a senior Tory said he believes the PM could face a confidence vote by July. Mark Harper, who has called for Mr Johnson to resign, said he expected 54 letters needed to trigger a vote to be submitted before parliament’s summer recess. Fellow Tory MP Tobias Ellwood, who has called on Mr Johnson to quit, said a growing number of backbenchers were ‘troubled’ by his leadership. ‘It’s now when, not if, a vote of confidence takes place,’ he told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. But that drew a furious accusation of disloyalty from Northern Ireland minister Conor Burns, who said there is ‘no question’ of the prime minister stepping down. The motion passed by the Commons stated Mr Johnson had made statements that ‘appear to amount to misleading the House’ when giving past assurances that Downing Street had complied with coronavirus laws. The Privileges Committee will now consider whether he is in contempt of Parliament for intentionally misleading the Commons – a breach of the ministerial code that has traditionally been considered a resignation issue. It means the prime minister faces three separate inquiries over partygate – along with the Met Police’s and Sue Gray’s. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.