Rhubarb season is in full swing. And there’s plenty of time to make the most of it as, according to the National Trust, it starts in April (for early varieties) and goes through until July. But it can be difficult to know how to cook with rhubarb. Sometimes, the whole season can pass and we won’t have made anything with it. Typically it’s used in desserts, like pies and crumbles, as the tart flavour marries well with sugar and sweetness – for the perfect balance. If you’re stumped about what to make this rhubarb season – we’ve rounded up three different recipes to try. This recipe from chef Tommy Banks makes two litres. ‘Rhubarb makes a delicious sweet and sour jam,’ says Tommy. ‘This recipe works with forced rhubarb as well as garden rhubarb. Don’t worry if you don’t have a jam-making pan, a large stainless-steel pan will do just fine.’ Ingredients Method 1. In a steep-sided jam-making pan, toss together the rhubarb and half the sugar and leave to marinate for 30 minutes. 2. Mix together the remaining sugar and pectin (this stops the pectin clumping together) and stir into the rhubarb mixture. 3. Bring the rhubarb mixture to a rolling boil over high heat for a few minutes, then reduce to a low-medium heat and cook for about an hour, or until the jam mixture is clearly reduced and thickened. Carefully stir the jam occasionally to prevent it from sticking to the bottom of the pan, and skim off any scum that forms on the surface. 4. Your jam is ready to be jarred when a small spoonful of hot jam forms a wrinkly skin when placed on a fridge-cold plate. 5. Pour your hot jam into sterilised jam jars and seal with a waxed disc or parchment paper before popping the lid on. This Recipe by Lucy Carr-Ellison and Jemima Jones – the co-founders of Wild by Tart – makes 10. Ingredients For pancakes For the rhubarb For the pistachio For the pancakes 1. Mix together the ricotta, milk, egg yolks, vanilla and lemon zest in a large bowl 2. Sieve the flour, baking powder and icing sugar into a separate bowl, then add to the ricotta mixture and combine. 3. Whisk the eggs whites until stiff peaks form, then add half to the ricotta mixture, using a metal spoon carefully combine, and follow with the rest of the egg whites. 4. Heat a little butter on a good sized flat pan and dollop on a tablespoon of mixture, repeat keeping a small space between the pancakes, cook for a minute or so and then flip – the pancake should be golden brown, cook for a further minute then take off and keep warm, repeat for the rest of the mixture. 5. Serve with a dollop of ice cream (we choose pistachio), poached rhubarb and the pistachio crumb (see how to make both below). For the rhubarb 1. Preheat oven to 180°C. Wash and slice the rhubarb into 2-inch pieces, on the diagonal. Pound the cardamon in a pestle and mortar, discard the shells, and then pound the seeds to a powder. Mix into the sugar, followed by slicing open the vanilla and adding the seeds and the pods to the sugar. 2. Place the rhubarb into an oven-proof dish and sprinkle over the cardamon, vanilla sugar and mix well.  Leave for an hour or more. This is important for good texture and delicious flavour. 3. After an hour or longer pour in the wine and add tin foil over the top. Place into your oven for bake for 30 mins. For the pistachio crumb 1. Mix together the pistachios, almonds, olive oil and a good squirt of honey in a bowl, mix will a pinch of sea salt.  Place onto a small baking tray, spreading out your mixture. 2. Place into your preheated oven for 10 minutes. Take out and allow to cool. 3 Mix in a big pinch rose petals. If you’re looking for a new soft drink as we head into the spring and summer months, this refreshing beverage from Cawston Press could be just the ticket. Ingredients For the ice cream For the float Method 1. In a large bowl combine the rhubarb, strawberries and sugar. Toss to combine and allow to sit for ten minutes to start drawing out their juices. 2. Heat the oven to 180°C fan and line a large roasting tray with baking parchment. Pour the fruit out onto the parchment in a single layer and roast for 25 minutes, until concentrated, soft, fragrant and coated in a beautiful red syrup. 3. Transfer half of the fruit to a food processor or mini chopper and puree to a coarse puree, reserve the rest for assembling your float. Allow to cool. 4. In a stand mixer or using an electric hand whisk, whip the cream until just reaching stiff peaks. Pour over the condensed milk and whisk again to incorporate, until smooth, puffed and fluffy. 5. Gather a large freezer-proof plastic tub or ice cream tub, and pour a third of the cream mixture into it, followed by a third of the cooled fruit purée. 6. Use a knife to swirl the puree through the cream, then follow with another third of the cream and puree, and repeat with the final third until it’s all used up. 7. Freeze for at least six hours, or until fully frozen. Take the ice cream out of the freezer twenty minutes before you want to make the float. 8. To assemble the float, spoon a little of the chopped roasted fruit into the bottom of four chilled glasses, then layer up with scoops of the ice cream, spooning more fruit and syrup in between the ice cream. Then, carefully pour the Cawston Press Sparkling Rhubarb around the ice cream, until the glass is full and garnish with a cherry. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Indulge with this quick and easy hot cross bun recipe MORE : Easy mood-boosting meals to make when you feel low MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: Pesto cheese twists that are perfect for lunchboxes