Protesters sparked a security alert this afternoon as they blocked the road into Parliament, causing vehicles to tail back. Footage shows how anti-vaxxers angrily pounded on Bob Blackman’s car, accusing the Tory MP for Harrow East of hitting Piers Corbyn when he tried to drive forward. They caused a delay to those coming up the road, believed to include Boris Johnson who was on his way to address MP’s for the first time since receiving a Covid fine. The prime minister was due to appear in the Commons at 3.30pm and then at 4.30pm, but did not actually begin his statement until just after 5pm. Police managed to clear the road after around half an hour. Video posted online show how Mr Corbyn, a famous face in protests against vaccines and coronavirus restrictions, banged on a blue car with a microphone and then his hand. After he finally arrived in the Commons, the prime minister issued an apology for breaking Covid rules. But he still insisted he hadn’t known what he was doing was against the law, which other MPs pointed out was odd as he had created the law. Mr Johnson said: ‘Let me also say, not by way of mitigation or excuse, but purely because it explains my previous words in this House, that it did not occur to me then or after that a gathering just before a vital meeting on Covid strategy could amount to a breach of the rules. ‘That was my mistake and I apologise for it unreservedly.’ Sir Keir Starmer responded furiously, saying: ‘What a joke. Even now as the latest mealy-mouthed apology stumbles out of one side of his mouth, a new set of deflections and distortions pour from the other.’ He said it was the ‘responsibility’ of Tory MPs to ‘bring to an end this shameful chapter’ and ‘put their consciousness and country first’ to remove the PM from office. Ian Blackford, the Scottish National Party’s leader in the Commons, said: ‘He apologised for one reason and one reason only, the only reason he ever apologises: because he got caught.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.