Boris Johnson is not expected to be interviewed by police over the investigation into partygate. But the move suggests the Prime Minister is ‘more likely to be fined’ by the Metropolitan Police, according to ITV News. It comes as another report suggests that a top civil servant – in charge of Whitehall ethics – is among those to be fined over the gatherings. Helen MacNamara, the former deputy cabinet secretary, was fined after attending a raucous ‘lockdown’ karaoke party which included a drunken brawl, the Telegraph claimed on Sunday night. Mr Johnson is among more than 100 to receive a questionnaire, which he was sent in February. But the force is not interviewing those who have received the form as part of the inquiries, and could potentially be fined, ITV’s political editor Robert Peston said. The Met is investigating 12 events, including as many as six Mr Johnson is said to have attended. Mr Peston said the only officials being interviewed are ‘witnesses’, whose role is to help the police interpret questionnaires submitted by other people. ‘Paradoxically that means (Mr Johnson) is more likely to be fined’, he reported. ‘The Met are not interviewing those who received questionnaires and are in the frame to be fined’. If he were to be fined, serious questions would be raised about whether a serving Prime Minister who has broken his own laws can continue in office. Mr Johnson has already faced repeated calls to quit over the affair. It comes after an initial round of 20 fixed-penalty notices (FPNs) were issued as part of Scotland Yard’s investigation, confirming police believe coronavirus laws were broken at the heart of Government. The Met declined to comment. The Telegraph said Ms MacNamara’s karaoke machine was used at a leading do for Downing Street aide Hannah Young on June 18, 2020 – adding that she was among the first group of people to receive a Fixed Penalty Notice (FPN) £50 fine on Friday after police concluded she had broken Covid laws. The event is said to have taken place in the Cabinet Secretary’s Whitehall office when all indoor gatherings were banned and the public were being told not to sing in public. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Downing Street staff ‘receive first £50 partygate fines’ with more set to follow