This Morning fans have called for Josie Gibson and Vernon Kay to remain as hosts after reducing them to hysterics after a cooking segment. The presenting duo have been covering for Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby during the Easter holidays, and have had a cracking week so far. But after chef Gino D’Acampo’s recipe was whipped up for them to try, Vernon was left putting matters into his own hands after Josie revealed she wasn’t a massive fan of the dish. Making a reference to his old show Family Fortunes, Vernon told viewers of the food: ‘I’ll tell you what, our survey says it’s very good.’ However, Josie didn’t have quite such rave reviews, as she revealed what she thought with guest Claudia Winkleman in the background. She shared: ‘Do you know what, it’s not the pad thai but it’s alright. I wouldn’t order the risotto if I went somewhere… I’ve never understood risotto, really.’ Sounding a bit defeated, Vernon joked: ‘Alright, well there you go. Apologies for the last 10 minutes ladies and gentlemen, you put a dampener on that, didn’t you Jose, absolutely killed it dead, Claudia. ‘Don’t like risotto, be honest with you. Fair enough Josie, fair enough!’ ‘I’ve just never understood risotto, it’s just a bit of rice,’ she added. Vernon got up and said: ‘Let me put you out of your misery, I’ll take it away. ‘I’ll put it in the sink, here we go,’ as Strictly host Claudia couldn’t help but giggle. After returning from the ad break, Josie did clarify: ‘He didn’t really chuck it in the bin ‘That’s my favourite moment ever,’ Claudia laughed. ‘It is just rice but so comforting.’ Fans were also loving the hilarious scenes, with one writing: ‘Say it Josie, then Vernon chucks it away 😂 #ThisMorning.’ Another said: ‘I hear ya about the risotto Josie 😂😂 ‘just a bit of rice, innit’?😂 #thismorning, with a fan writing: ‘Vernon THROWS AWAY Gino di campos food on  #thismorning Calling it. Star.’ ‘Vernon chucking it away! Please please please keep them on this show! 🤣🤣 #ThisMorning,’ someone else shared. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Little Mix’s Jade Thirlwall helps ‘ill and anxious’ girl in crowd as she urges concertgoers to ‘be still’ MORE : Molly Mae Hague terrified by ‘Aragog’ tarantula in bathroom days after moving into dream home 