Tommy Robinson said he has been arrested in Mexico ‘as a matter of national security’ while trying to holiday there with his children. The far-right English Defence League (EDL) co-founder, 39, posted videos on Telegram speaking about his arrest in Cancún. He claims he had taken his three kids to the seaside city for their half-term break before he was detained at the airport. The children were left with Robinson’s friend – who had come on holiday with them – and now their mum is headed to Mexico to fetch them. Robinson is expected to be deported back to the UK and may arrive back in England on Saturday. He showed footage of a room filled with men, claiming it was the cell he was being kept in. Robinson, whose real name is Stephen Yaxley-Lennon, told his 157,000 followers he had visited Mexico three times before without ever committing a crime. He said: ‘Speak about Islam. That’s all I’ve f***ing done. Ask yourself what are my convictions, what have I done?’. Robinson has been convicted in the UK for fraud, stalking, assault, using someone else’s passport, using threatening behaviour, and contempt of court. It is not clear whether he has ever been charged for anything in Mexico. The former UK Independence Party (UKIP) advisor spoke about being separated from his kids and ‘not being able to live a family life’ because ‘it is hard for him to live in England without being able to rent a house or open a bank account’. He explained that he was excited to spend this holiday with his children and later apologised for being ‘teary-eyed’ after speaking to them and hearing how upset they were over his arrest. Robinson said: ‘I can’t travel to Mexico. Mexico? You’ve got a f***ing cheek haven’t ya? Look at the f***ing American border’. Creditors are currently pursuing Robinson for a large sum of money that he was previously ordered to pay in a libel suit. Teenage refugee Jamal Hijazi brought the suit against him after Robinson said the now 18-year-old ‘violently attacks young English girls in his school’ in response to a video of kids beating Jamal up on the playground. At a four-day trial in April last year, Mr Hijazi’s lawyers said Robinson’s comments had ‘a devastating effect’ on the schoolboy and his family who had come to the UK as refugees from Homs, Syria. Robinson was supposed to pay damages and compensation but has insisted he does not have the money. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.