Rowdy revellers were out in force for a second night yesterday, as the Easter Bank Holiday weekend continued to raise spirits across the country. The four days off are all expected to be blessed with warm weather – offering yet another excuse for a night out. Although the UK is in the grip of another wave of Covid-19, many see this weekend as the first ‘normal’ Easter since the pandemic kicked off. The streets of London, Newcastle and Manchester were packed with thousands of glammed-up people last night determined to make the most of it. Photographs show one group of lads on a night out decked out in Hawaiian shirt, while another man opted for a full wedding gown and a vail. Party goers also donned bunny rabbit ears and a pope costume to add to the seasonal theme. Police officers who had drawn the short straw on shift last night were also caught up in the fun, with one caught taking a cheeky selfie with a reveller. Another officer, however, was seen leading a drunk man with a suspicious, brown stain on his T-shirt to a nearby police van. There are bound to be a few sore heads today but many will be hoping a Sunday roast and a Bloody Mary will ease their suffering ahead of another day off. Festivities have been improved by the heatwave that has struck most of Britain after weeks of questionable weather. And forecasters think the BBQs could be back out in force with temperatures set to reach highs of 19°C across England and Wales today. They are expected to drop to 16°C in East Anglia on Monday. Neil Armstrong, chief meteorologist at the Met Office, said: ‘Most people will see some spells of decent bank holiday weather this weekend, and it will feel warm in places, particularly for the first half of the Easter break. ‘However, a low-pressure system will affect the northwest of the UK later Sunday, bringing unsettled weather to the north with some strong winds and rain in the northwest, which could impact driving conditions for some, but further south it will be drier, especially in the southeast. ‘There will be varying amounts of cloud, but temperatures are widely likely to be above average for the time of year, although low cloud might keep temperatures lower in coastal areas. ‘However, where the sun comes out people can expect some very pleasant spring conditions.’ According to the Met Office, showers will return by Tuesday and Wednesday, with the temperatures cooling to 11°C in some areas – so it is best to enjoy the warm weather while it is here. The outlook for next week is cooler and more unsettled weather with some showers or rain until Wednesday, but also with bright or sunny spells. Winds will be mostly light or moderate, but fresh at times in the north. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.