Star Trek is one of the most beloved franchises in TV and movie history, spanning all the way from the original series released in the mid-1960s to the new spin-off show Strange New Worlds, set to come out this May. Over the years, viewers have been introduced to numerous beloved cast members, from Sir Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard in The Next Generation to Chris Pine’s interpretation of James T Kirk in the movie reboots. Even for dedicated members of the fandom, remembering where the releases fit into the chronological timeline can be something of a minefield at times. Discovery, which became the first Star Trek TV release in 12 years when it premiered in 2017, started off near start of the timeline, before jumping ahead to the far-off future in seasons three and four. With other launches over the decades including Voyager, Deep Space Nine and the animated series, the beginnings of the tale can be traced to Enterprise, which aired in the early 2000s. Here are all the Star Trek TV series and films when following the timeline in chronological order. Now, you might be wondering where JJ Abrams’ Star Trek films with Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto and Zoe Saldana fit into this timeline, as they’re notably absent from the chronological order. However, those films were actually set in an alternate timeline… to make matters even more complicated. The alternate timeline was created due to the time-travelling exploits of Nero (Eric Bana), a Romulan who served as the movie’s antagonist, and the older Spock (Leonard). Doing this allowed the creators of the film to use original elements from the world of Star Trek that fans have known and loved for decades while also having the freedom to take the story in whichever creative direction they wished. Following the first film in the franchise, the sequel Star Trek: Into Darkness came out four years later, with Benedict Cumberbatch cast as the villainous Khan. In 2016, Star Trek: Beyond saw Idris Elba star as Krall and marked one of the final movie appearances of the late Anton Yelchin, who played the ship’s navigator Chekov and died one month before its release. Star Trek: Picard season two is available to watch on Prime Video with new episodes released on Fridays. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Moon Knight episode 1: Fans spot heartbreaking detail about Steven Grant’s relationship with his mum MORE : Obi-Wan Kenobi: Release date, trailer and cast of Disney Plus Star Wars series 