The family of a ‘much-loved’ British fighter captured by Russians has issued a plea to the Kremlin to ‘ensure his rights are respected’. Shaun Pinner, 48, bravely fought alongside Ukrainians in the besieged Mariupol area when Vladimir Putin sent troops in to invade. The ex-British Army soldier looked exhausted but had no visible wounds as he was paraded on Russian TV in what appeared to be a heavily edited video. Those behind the camera taunted him with claims his Ukrainian commander had ‘specially sent them to be killed in order to make heroes out of them later’. It came just days after Aiden Aslin, 28, an ex-care worker from Newark, Nottinghamshire, became the first British prisoner of war in the conflict. Mr Pinner’s loved ones have now released a statement calling for the quick release of the father. It reads: ’Shaun was a well-respected soldier within the British Army serving in the Royal Anglian Regiment for many years. He served in many tours including Northern Ireland and with the United Nations in Bosnia. ‘In 2018 Shaun decided to re-locate to Ukraine to use his previous experience and training within the Ukraine Military. ‘Shaun enjoyed the Ukrainian way of life and considered Ukraine as his adopted country over the last four years. During this time, he met his Ukrainian wife who is very focused on the humanitarian needs of the country. ‘He progressed into the Ukrainian Marines as a proud member of his unit. At the end of 2022 his three-year contract is due to end and he was planning to enter a humanitarian role within Ukraine.’ The statement continued to clarify that Shaun is not a volunteer nor a mercenary, but officially serving with the Ukrainian Army, following inaccurate reports. It continued: ’Our family is currently working with the Foreign Office along with the family of Aiden Aslin who is also being held by the Russian Army to ensure their rights as Prisoners Of War are upheld according to the Geneva Convention. ‘Shaun is a funny, much-loved, well-intentioned Husband, Son, Father, Brother and Friend to many. ‘We are hoping for a quick resolution to allow Shaun and Aiden to return safely to their families and we ask for privacy at this difficult time. Our hearts go out to all those caught up in this horrific conflict.’ Mr Pinner, who is married to Larysa, reportedly told the Russians ‘he doesn’t want war and wants to go home’. Russian war reporter Andrey Rudenko, a well-known figure on state TV, is reportedly heard telling him his unit ‘had no chance’ in the propaganda video. Without giving any evidence, he tells him: ‘The servicemen of the 36th brigade say their command specially sent them to be killed in order to make heroes out of them later. ‘You didn’t have a single chance to reach this settlement Zachatovka, since Russian and DPR troops were everywhere.’ Earlier in the footage, Mr Pinner is heard sharing details of a battle. ‘We were in the factory area of Mariupol’, he says. ‘It was Tuesday morning. It was decided we move from the factory, but we did not know exactly where. At about 4am we left the factory.’ He admits ‘there not much time to think’ before his speech becomes inaudible and it switches to subtitles. ‘It was very dark. We took the injured with us’, he said reported to have said. ‘Mortar and artillery shelling began, military aviation worked. Panic began. Everyone started running in different directions. ‘My commander seems to have disappeared. I still don’t know what happened to those who were there with me.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.