Sir Lewis Hamilton has added another tattoo to his impressive collection of body art as he showed off a fresh hand inking on Wednesday. The Formula 1 star, who has been tipped to appear in chart-topping rapper Stormzy’s comeback music video alongside the likes of David Beckham and Louis Theroux, was spotted leaving celebrity tattoo spot Bang Bang in New York City. The always fashion-forward sportsman was dressed in a baby blue velvet double-breasted jacket and matching tie-waist trousers, which he paired with a pink and white T-shirt and green and white trainers. The 37-year-old also donned a pair of blue lens mirrored sunglasses and a face mask as he made a low-key exit from the shop. Lewis, who is experiencing a rough season with Mercedes, appeared relaxed as he strolled down the street, offering a glimpse at his hands where skin real estate is at a premium for tattoos. He showed off initial new tattoos on the backs of his fingers and knuckles in February, adding to the concentric circle and symbols design he had on his left hand and sheath of swords with an eye in the centre and a blazing sun at the top of his right hand. In February’s session, Lewis’s new body art included a spaceship, half of a tiger’s face on his left index finger, planets, the words ‘mum’, ‘love’, ‘coco’ and ‘live’, and the letter ‘A’, plus lines down his middle fingers and stars. His tattoo artist showed off his work on Instagram, offering a close-up of the detail and it appears the star was there for a touch-up as well as new addition on Wednesday. Lewis’ hands looked a little red around the edges of his tattoos from February on Wednesday, while he also debuted a new inking on the side of his left hand – a word written in large cursive script, which couldn’t quite be made out in full due to his sleeve. The tattoo refresh comes after one of the worst weekends of the driver’s F1 career at the Imola Circuit, as he came home a woeful 13th after getting stuck behind Pierre Gasly’s AlphaTauri for the majority of the race. Red Bull advisor Helmut Marko even jibed that the seven-time world champion will regret not retiring from the sport in winter after his poor start to the season, but Hamilton hit back on social media, writing: ‘Working on my masterpiece, I’ll be the one to decide when it’s finished.’ In April 2021, ahead of the new inking this year, Lewis showed off the designs on his hands on Instagram, writing: ‘Our Hands Tell A Story — each hand tells a different one. Some of age and wisdom, some of hard work, some of bravery and some of love. ‘They all have a rhythm of their own. What do your hands say about you?’ A known tattoo enthusiast, he has art such as a roaring lion, a crucifix and a compass across his body including his chest, back and shoulders. In 2018, the driver opened up on the stories behind his inkings, admitting that you ‘kind of move on to’ your next one quite naturally after your first. Discussing the tattoo that covers his entire back, he explained: ‘I got a big cross on my back, I mean, the idea originally came from Tupac who was my favourite rapper. ‘And I wanted to put angel wings around it. And then at the top it says, “Still I rise”. ‘It took like, I think 10 hours or something like that, just in one go, straightaway. And since then I’ve loved my back.’ He also shared that he looks to ‘connect’ and ‘resonate’ with his tattoos, revealing that his compass stands for church, where he gains ‘direction’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Osbourne reveals Ozzy has ‘one more operation left’ in ongoing health battle after previous surgery ‘f**k up’ MORE : Travis Barker went to Robert Kardashian’s grave to ask permission to marry Kourtney before proposing 