A very well prepared passenger has gone to extreme lengths to avoid the chaos caused by staff shortages at UK airports. Tim Samunyai was so scared of the nationwide ‘madness’ he arrived 13 hours early for his flight at Manchester Airport. The 56-year-old, from Coventry, arrived at 5.40am yesterday in preparation for his 6.55pm plane to Zimbabwe. But his marathon wait ended up being more relaxing than taxing. ‘I was thinking if I come here nice and early then I won’t have to deal with all that madness over there,’ he told the Manchester Evening News. ‘I’ve got some sausages rolls and I had two steak bakes. ‘I’ve got my motivational books to read and a tablet too. 13 hours is a bit much, fair enough, but I’d rather be early.’ Pádraig Ó Lúanaigh, travelling to Knock with Ryanair, described the crowd control at Manchester Airport as ‘shambolic.’ He told Metro.co.uk: ‘I arrived at 4am and had to queue to check in a bag. At 5.15am, I flagged to passing staff that my flight was leaving at 6.15am, and was escorted to bag check in.’ He then had to queue at security before rushing to catch his plane. Pádraig added: ‘I was one of the last people on the plane at 6.10am before it took off.’ Meanwhile, at Gatwick, passengers were pictured sitting on the floor at a busy baggage reclaim. One passenger tweeted: ‘Waiting for over an hour and a half for my luggage! DHL at Gatwick just keep apologising without action. Just get it done. ‘This is not effective or efficient service.’ Amber Louise landed at Birmingham Airport at 7.50am this morning and was stuck for around an hour on the tarmac. She tweeted: ‘Expecting to get off the plane at 8.40am at the earliest. Kids are losing the will to live.’ By 6am this morning, huge queues for security were said to ‘snake’ round departure halls at Gatwick. This morning, British Airways added to the disruption by axing 64 domestic and European flights to and from Heathrow. Affected UK routes were between the west London airport and Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Manchester and Newcastle. It comes as Heathrow’s bosses revealed they its busiest month since the start of the pandemic. They added that resources were ‘stretched’ as a surge of bookings had caused a domino effect of delays over the Easter period. And in an open letter to passengers on Friday, Manchester Airport CEO Charlie Cornish added he could ‘not apologise enough for the disruption people have faced.’ He said: ‘When the pandemic struck, we were faced with almost no income and huge fixed costs. Doing nothing was not an option. ‘We had to cut costs just to survive – it was as simple as that.’ If air travel chaos wasn’t enough this Easter weekend, motorways could also be gridlocked, the RAC has warned. An estimated 21.5 million car journeys will be made between Good Friday and Easter Monday. Delays are expected to be even worse if the sun makes an appearance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.