Tory Lanez was reportedly handcuffed in court after a judge ruled that he violated the protective order in his case with Megan Thee Stallion. Lanez, real name Daystar Peterson, is charged with felony assault after being accused of shooting Megan, 26, in the foot following a Hollywood Hills party at Kylie Jenner’s house in July 2020. He pleaded not guilty. The rapper, 29, attended a hearing on Tuesday in LA where he was taken into custody of the Sheriff’s Department and his bail set at $350,000 (£267,000) after he spoke about Megan on social media. Lanez – real name Daystar Peterson – is said to be in the process of posting the bail. In February, he had  posted a tweet which appeared to address Megan and said: ‘Good d*** had me f***ing 2 best friends … and I got caught … that’s what I apologized for … it’s sick how u Spun it tho …’ The judge reportedly said it violated the order, which says he is not meant to contact or mention her at all. Prosecutors had requested for Lanez to be held without bail, or for it to be increased to at least $5million (£3.8million), which was denied. Lanez’s attorney, Shawn Holley, told Metro.co.uk: ‘The DA requested that Mr. Peterson’s bail be revoked or, in the alternative, that it be increased to $5 million. We are pleased that the Court rejected those outrageous requests.’ Concern was also raised about a tweet from DJ Akademiks in February, which read: ‘BREAKING: It was revealed in court few moments ago that Tory Lanez DNA WAS NOT found on the weapon in the Meg Thee Stallion case.’ Lanez’s attorney said in court that the DNA reports show that there were four DNA contributors on the handgun, making the finding inconclusive as to whether the rapper’s DNA was on the gun. Lanez’s DNA was not on the magazine. Lanez is facing two felony charges: assault with a semiautomatic firearm and carrying a loaded, unregistered firearm in a vehicle, along with an additional allegation that he ‘personally inflicted great bodily injury’. He faces up to 22 years and eight months in prison if convicted of the charges. More than a month after the incident, Megan said during an Instagram live that Tory was the person who shot her. She told her followers: ‘Yes this n***** Tory shot me. ‘You shot me, and you got your publicist and your people going to these blogs lying and s**t. Stop lying. ‘Why lie? I don’t understand. I tried to keep the situation off the internet, but you’re dragging it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : George Michael’s estate in legal beef with Tory Lanez over using ‘unauthorised sample’ of Careless Whisper MORE : Madonna messages Tory Lanez accusing star of sampling her classic Into The Groove without permission 