Pamela Anderson has made her Broadway debut starring as Roxie Hart in the musical Chicago, kicking off on Tuesday. The former Baywatch star, 54, was seen in costume as the curtain fell, smiling broadly as she was given an extravagant bouquet of red roses. Pammy was seen wearing a black bodysuit with a mesh top underneath it and fishnet tights, with her trademark platinum blonde hair in an old Hollywood up-do. She finished off the look with cream satin shoes and a slick of red lipstick as she played the glamorous murderess in the long-running musical. Pamela’s stage debut appears to have gone down very well with the audience, with one ticket holder telling People ‘the audience went insane’ for the star, who looked ‘flawless’ in the role. They added: ‘She just looked like she was having a great time at the end of the show.’ There were also two special guests in attendance for Pamela’s first show – her sons, Brandon, 25, and Dylan, 24, who she shares with ex-husband Tommy Lee, 59. Brandon and Dylan were both smartly dressed as they posed with their mother backstage after the curtain fell. Pamela previously addressed the role, admitting that performing live means there are ‘no safety nets’. She told People: ‘Every single experience has been just wild. I mean, it’s wild to even be here. I have to pinch myself sometimes because it seems so surreal. ‘I’m so curious to see what I’m made of. Each day, my voice is getting stronger. The choreography is settling in. We’re doing the original choreography — they’re not holding back with me — and I’m just loving it. ‘I’m just eating it up. I’m like, “Oh my God, I should have been doing this longer!” But this is the right time. This is the beginning of the rest of my career — maybe.’ Pamela will be performing in Chicago for a limited run, with fans able to see her take on the role of Roxie until June 5 at New York’s Ambassador Theatre. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pamela Anderson eye-catching in yellow as she joins son Brandon Thomas Lee for night out in New York MORE : Pamela Anderson promotes debut Broadway show while Julian Assange marries in prison 