Whether booking somewhere low key for dinner or planning a luxury getaway, deciding where to get our hair cut or which gym to join – or trying to determine if the plush soft furnishings pictured on an unfamiliar website might arrive looking like creased, bedraggled knock-offs – reviews increasingly inform several aspects of our lives. It’s become almost second nature to check them before making a decision. And even seeing a couple of one star reviews in the mix can seriously put us off spending our hard-earned cash. In short, they matter. The average UK household spends around £900 each year that’s directly influenced by online reviews. However, all is not always what it seems and recent investigations have uncovered the huge issue of fake online reviews – both positive and negative. A 2021 investigation from Which? found that co-ordinated online reviews are a huge global business, with companies set up with the purpose of offering ‘review manipulation services’ to Amazon sellers – giving the potential to add millions of false reviews on to the platform. In light of this, fake online reviews are to become illegal, with new UK legislation recently being proposed. Under the new law, it will be ‘clearly illegal’ to pay someone to write or host a fake review. A watchdog will have new powers to fine businesses up to 10% of global annual turnover, as well as awarding compensation to consumers. But the new watchdog looks to have their work cut out for them, as there are many different types of fake reviews out there – and clearly, it’s not only Amazon that is affected. ‘The definition of “fake reviews” is wide-ranging and covers everything from positive reviews that have been purchased, reviews manipulated to create a false impression, negative reviews posted by competitors and advertisements misrepresented as editorial content,’ Danny Richman, of Richman SEO training, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘This is a huge issue, hence the urgent need for legislation.’ And, to reiterate, their influence can’t be underestimated. ‘A recent study by BrightLocal showed that 77% of consumers consider reviews when making a purchase, with 67% agreeing that positive reviews make it more likely they will buy from the business and 40% say that negative reviews make it less likely,’ explains Danny. ‘Reviews have become an important part of our decision-making as consumers on everything,’ agrees Lidia Rumley, brand consultant and founder of The Brand Storyteller. ‘It’s not just deciding whether to spend with a business or not,’ she continues. ‘Recently, I read that people are likely to spend over 30% more [money] with a business that has excellent reviews.’ This sounds about right – from personal experience, excellent reviews make us much more willing to spend a bit extra on a product, to ensure we’re getting the best quality – rather than save a bit of money but risk getting a below par product. However – sometimes, particularly on Amazon, reviews are for completely different products altogether. Danny gives Metro.co.uk the example of this ‘mosquito killer lamp’, which is currently listed on Amazon with over 2,500 positive reviews – the majority of which are five stars. However, on closer inspection, many of these reviews appear to be for unrelated products, including chlorine tablets and an American flag. Danny claims that the details of the product have been changed, to make it look as though this product has garnered all these hugely positive reviews. ‘This was reported to Amazon on 24/3/2022 but no action was taken,’ Danny says. ‘Many of the reviews for all products from this Amazon supplier have been switched.’ We approached Amazon for comment on this example, and they told us: ‘Amazon groups customer reviews for product variations like colour and size, and we have clear guardrails in place to prevent products from being incorrectly grouped, either due to human error or abuse. ‘Our proactive measures detect and block the vast majority of abuse in our store automatically; however, we are disappointed when bad actors evade our systems, and we will continue to innovate and invest in our tools and processes. ‘If we discover detail pages with incorrectly grouped reviews, we use these learnings to improve our prevention mechanisms. We will take appropriate enforcement action against the product listing in question.’ But it’s not just consumers – what about companies who have been impacted negatively by this weird world of fake reviews, and the weaponisation of negative ones? ‘We all know the feeling of doubt that creeps in when we read a negative review, even if it’s just one amongst a sea of positive ones,’ says Lidia. ‘When several false negative reviews are posted, they can be devastating to businesses that have worked hard to deliver quality products and good service to their customers, shattering good reputations that have taken years to build. ‘They can also impact search rankings on Google. ‘And false positive reviews are just as damaging to businesses as negative ones. ‘When people invest in something under false pretences and get their fingers burnt, they’re less likely to trust not just that business, but other similar businesses too. So, the knock-on effect can be much bigger.’ False reviews can also take business away from competing companies who are operating on a fair and square basis. Natalie Quail is the CEO & Founder of premium whitening and oral care brand Smile Time. As the business has gained traction since launch in September 2019, Natalie reports seeing existing competitors provide negative fake reviews on their Trustpilot profile. ‘We knew these were fake,’ she explains, ‘because in several cases the founders of those companies had left their own name, clearly assuming we would not know who the people behind those competitors were. ‘We’ve had a few circumstances where customers would buy from us – see one of the fake reviews – then ask for a refund. This can be difficult for a small growing business such as ours.’ Natalie welcomes the new legislation, but wonders whether there might be additional compliance requirements that could be difficult for a small business to meet. Julie Macken is ‘deputy queen bee’ at Neve’s Bees, a family business of beekeepers who make 100% natural, waterfree skincare and gifts… with a little help from their bees. Julie suspects she has fallen victim to fake negative reviews in the past  and the impact can be huge. She tells Metro.co.uk that just a single one-star rating on Amazon, from someone she believes wasn’t a genuine reviewer, caused one of her best products to fall down the algorithm, meaning that fewer people saw it. She says that sales plummeted as a result. The tricky thing is, these individual negative reviews – perhaps from rival companies – can be difficult to police and prove to be fake. ‘It’s really stressful,’ Julie explains. ‘If a competitor, or just someone being nasty, decides to damage our business, they simply give a one-star review and that’s it – our sales drop.’ ‘I’ve had sleepless nights about fake reviews,’ she says. ‘There was one point where I was tracking Amazon reviews every few hours – it really got to me. ‘I think it’s great that the government is trying to do something and I hope it will make consumers who read reviews see that they’re not always to be trusted. ‘However,’ she adds, ‘any law only has “teeth” if it’s actually going to be enforced. Will this law be able to enforce overseas fake reviews, for example? ‘It makes me feel really sad that there are people out there who gain pleasure from hurting others by damaging their businesses in posting fake reviews – it’s just a form of mindless vandalism.’ The power of reviews hasn’t gone unnoticed by consumers, with an increasing number threatening bad reviews to get ‘better’ service, or a discount on products or services. Harriet Kelsall is the founder and chair of Harriet Kelsall Bespoke Jewellery. She describes having a customer who made a mistake that she had admitted to. ‘She changed her mind after the ring had been made and wished she’d chosen a different gemstone – but she’d worn the ring for a few months and so we couldn’t take it back,’ Harriet explains. ‘We offered to change the stone for her as cheaply as possible but she didn’t think she should pay, and she threatened a bad review unless we did it for free. ‘In recent years we have had a couple of other customers threaten us like this asking for a discount or something for nothing or they might not give us a good review. It’s horrible and quite frightening for a small business like ours.’ Harriet also has experience of the impact fake Google reviews can have. ‘Unfortunately customers often click on the only negative review (which this one was) and that meant that this bad review kept floating to the top,’ she notes. ‘This was really harmful to our business. although it is hard to quantify by how much.  We reported the bad review straight away but it seemed to take ages for them to take it down. It was awful and stressful.’ ‘We’re in an era of brand, where businesses are investing heavily in not just their products and services, but also in developing their core purpose, values, and beliefs to create strong reputations that customers can trust,’ says Lidia. ‘It’s totally unacceptable for that hard work and investment to go to waste because of fake reviews that are seeded with an intent to cause harm.’ Lidia believes that it’s hugely important that the new legislation is followed through, and fraudsters are held to account, ‘with swift action being taken against anyone posting fake reviews, either negative or positive.’ But while it’s clear that these new laws are much needed, they must be properly policed to be effective. ‘It remains to be seen whether the new laws will have any real impact but it is, at least, a step in the right direction,’ says Danny. He adds: ‘Online platforms such as Google, Amazon and Trustpilot should be held fully accountable for the reviews posted on their sites, with heavy fines for repeated failures. ‘Google recently updated their algorithm to demote fake product reviews with some positive effect,’ he explains. ‘However, platforms such as Trustpilot and Amazon are still not doing anywhere near enough to stamp this out – and will be slow to do so while their business model remains dependent on satisfying businesses over the consumers who use their service.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman who was sacked wins £20,000 after complaining 43°C kitchen was too hot MORE : The side you sleep on makes a difference to your health – so which is best? MORE : Martin Lewis hits out at ‘lying thieves’ using his face on Bitcoin scams: ‘It is not real’