Noble Yeats produced a shock in the 174th Grand National at Aintree to give amateur jockey Sam Waley-Cohen a fairytale farewell in his final ride. Waley-Cohen, who announced earlier this week that he would retire following the big race, rode home the 50-1 outsider for trainer Emmet Mullins. The 15-2 favourite Any Second Now ran a superb race to finish second, while 10-1 shot Delta Work was third and Sanitni came home in fourth at 33-1. Fiddlerontheroof was fifth with Longhouse Poet sixth. Winning rider Waley-Cohen told ITV Racing: ‘I cant say anything. It is a dream. I can’t believe it. ‘I am so choked up. It is a dream, a fantasy, something I could never have imagined. You go to sleep hoping, you wake up to a cold wet morning and reality. ‘It is unbelievable and I have to thank so many people because it has been a love affair. It has been hope beyond pragmatism really.’ As an amateur rider – Waley-Cohen has a day job running a dentistry business – the 39-year-old will not receive any prizemoney for his famous win. It was a first victory for an amateur jockey since Marcus Armytage won on Mr Frisk at Aintree in 1990. The well-fancied Minella Times fell early under Champion Hurdle and Gold Cup winner Rachael Blackmore, who was chasing a historic treble. Owner Robert Waley-Cohen, the father of the winning jockey, said: ‘It’s a dream come true. Just fabulous. ‘It’s a team and thank God it has really worked. He has so much dedication and puts in so much hard work.’ Winning trainer Mullins added: ‘There was a long term plan and it seems to have come off. ‘A month ago we were probably more confident but the more it went on, other peoples chances were being talked up and we went a bit cold. But we knew the form was there.’ Former Grand National jockey Andrew Thornton, meanwhile, told BBC Radio 5 Live: ‘That is what dreams are made of. He has a phenomenal record. ‘This horse was bought earlier this year for Sam to go out on. He has not rode as much this year as in previous years. ‘Seeing him up the run in I was thinking this just can’t happen. There have been some great amateurs over the years and you can add Sam Waley-Cohen to that list. ‘He has gone and won the Grand National on his last ever ride. It is a sensational result.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 