Manchester United may sign up to ten players in the summer transfer window, according to Ralf Rangnick. The Red Devils saw their top four hopes take a significant dent with a devastating 4-0 defeat to arch rivals Liverpool at Anfield on Tuesday. The German has spoken about the need for a rebuild since joining the club in December but last night’s loss saw Rangnick go into more detail about what is required for the club to return to the top. Erik ten Hag is set to take charge at Old Trafford next season and Rangnick says it could be a summer of wholesale change, with as many as ten players arriving. Asked whether United can turn things around given the short shelf-life of managers at Old Trafford, Rangnick replied: ‘Why not? In our own city it happened with Pep [Guardiola]. ‘If you look at the two clubs who are currently dominating the Premier League, they did exactly that. They brought in two managers and not only did they bring in two managers, they also changed the whole thing in terms of formation, what kind of players do they need? What kind of football do we want to play? ‘The headline of everything was ‘how do we want to play?’ And underneath this headline after every transfer window, they created the team they have in both clubs. ‘If you analyse the situation, it’s not that difficult to analyse. The team needs a rebuild, not because some players have to go but quite a few have no contracts anymore, their contracts are expiring, then for me it’s clear there will be six, seven, eight, maybe 10 new players. ‘And before you sign those players you need to be aware how do you want to play? What kind of football does the new manager want to play? And then take it from there and then bring every single player fitting into that kind of profile.’ Rangnick was critical of his side, describing the defeat as ‘humiliating’. The German says the defeat shows the reality of the grave situation that United find themselves in and that Liverpool’s recent success shows what the club must do. ‘I am not blaming anyone, not my players nor anyone else, but we just have to realise what kind of squad they had available,’ said Rangnick.‘Look at their bench, look at the four players who weren’t even in the squad: Roberto Firmino was the only one who was injured. Oxlade-Chamberlain wasn’t in the squad, Minamino was not in the squad, Harvey Elliott was not in the squad. This shows what kind of quality and team they have built together working with Jurgen and his team for the last six years. ‘It is not just the quality of players but what kind of mentality they have, what kind of energy and physicality compared with high-speed. I would say they have 25 Formula One cars in their squad.’ MORE : Ralf Rangnick rules Paul Pogba out of Arsenal and Chelsea games and slams Manchester United injury record For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 