Laura Whitmore has clapped back at a former Love Island contestant Rachel Finni who slated the presenter and accused her of ‘nepotism’. Rachel, 29, had slammed Laura’s presenting skills and suggested the 36-year-old Irish TV presenter only got her role because she’s married to the show’s narrator Iain Stirling, 34. In a YouTube video, Rachel had said: ‘I’m kind of gutted Laura Whitmore is hosting it though, I thought we’d get a Maya Jama or AJ Odudu. ‘The benefits you get from being married to the narrator, because she’s not a great host.’ The host of the Youtube video agreed, calling it ‘nepotism’. Taking to her Instagram stories to slam back, Laura said: ‘I’m not going to give too much energy to it because there’s always stuff like this and you kind of brush it off, but I think we need to be careful when we discuss women and their work. ‘I’ve worked in telly for 14 years, I won a competition to be the face of MTV and I stayed working from job to job. ‘I’ve done incredible things all over the world, worked with the best teams. ‘But, I’ve never got a job because of a guy that I’ve dated.’ She continued: ‘It’s horrible when you see it coming from other women because for so many years women have been talked about about who they’re going out with, they’re only going defined by who they’re going out with, despite all the work and all the build up they’ve done leading up to that and that they’re their own individual person with their own experience.’ Laura has hosted Love Island since January 2020, taking over from the late Caroline Flack. Laura and Iain, who have a daughter together, married in December 2020 after dating for three years. The pair began dating in 2016, after meeting at an ITV party through mutual friend Ore Oduba – who had appeared on Strictly Come Dancing alongside Laura. Laura revealed that Iain had later slipped into her DMs, but she was the one who plucked up the courage and made the first move, as he was ‘too nervous’ to ask her out. Love Island is set to return to ITV2 on Monday, June 6. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here: Who could return for the all-star spin-off? MORE : Celebrity Juice shocks viewers as Emily Atack licks Laura Whitmore’s ear and Johnny Vegas swallows a bit of sick 