Luke Whitaker, 37, wanted to save up money so he could finally buy his own home. So, like so many of us, he decided to move back to his home town in Gloucestershire and live with his parents on their farm. But unlike the rest of us saving on rent and regressing to our teenage selves, Luke didn’t actually live in his parents’ house. His dad worried about Covid-19 entering the home, so he and Luke, a landscape architect and farmer, came up with a safer solution: turning an old bus into a tiny home. The duo found a BMC Falcon 2001 bus in a bus breakers yard in Hereford and bought it for £1,300, then Luke set about transforming it. The bus wasn’t in great shape. As it had a seized engine, it wasn’t able to drive anywhere, but thankfully, it didn’t leak and the structure was solid. Luke spent £8,500 on completely stripping and redecorating the interiors of the bus, learning DIY skills from YouTube along the way. Having lived in the bus for two months now, Luke has been able to save £2,000 – working out as triple what we could save when he was renting. Halfway through the build, Luke met media producer Nikisha McIntosh, 33), on Bumble and the two hit it off, even using the bus as a second date spot as a result of the pubs being closed. Nikisha got involved in the final stages of the conversion by choosing the soft furnishings and now stays with Luke in the bus at weekends. The couple both love their new sustainable home, even if it is just a stopgap on their house-buying journey. ‘The bus is very small but as it’s out in nature, I never feel like I need more space,’ said Luke. ‘I’ve loved learning all the really useful DIY skills. ‘So far, we’ve had to strip the seats and heaters out, put in a new floor, insulate and panel the sides, build the bedroom area and fit the kitchen. ‘The hardest part was fitting the chimney. I watched loads of YouTube videos first – it was scary making the first cut as if I’d got it wrong we would have been left with a huge hole in the roof.’ To help the pair along with their property journey and make back the costs of doing up the bus, they’re considering renting out their tiny home on Airbnb in August. ‘Most people I tell absolutely love the bus and friends ask if they can stay in it,’ Luke said. ‘It’s had an amazing reaction from friends and on social media with loads of shares from tiny home and bus living Instagram accounts. It’s been really quite overwhelming. ‘It’s amazing to see an idea come to reality. I still can’t quite believe we did it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.