Max Verstappen says it was ‘not a surprise’ to lap arch rival Lewis Hamilton during the latter stages of the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix on Sunday. The Red Bull driver took an excellent victory at Imola, leading home team-mate Sergio Perez for a one-two finish which has helped the team reduce the deficit caused by its early season unreliability in both the drivers and constructors’ standings. The Dutchman started on pole position after overtaking Charles Leclerc on the penultimate lap of Saturday’s sprint race, and controlled the entirety of the Grand Prix from the front, managing the changeable weather conditions well and building up a comfortable gap to Leclerc and Perez behind from the start. Hamilton, meanwhile, was languishing in the lower reaches of the midfield in a Mercedes car called ‘undriveable’ by team principal Toto Wolff over the radio when the seven-time world champion crossed the finish line for the final time in thirteenth-place. Verstappen and Hamilton spent the 2021 campaign engaging in one of the most thrilling title battles in the seven-decade history of F1, but now face very different outlooks for the rest of 2022. The Dutchman is now second behind Leclerc in the drivers’ standings, 27 points off the lead, having lost out on a likely minimum of 36 additional points between the Ferrari after suffering two separate mechanical failures in Bahrain and Australia. Hamilton, meanwhile, has conceded that he has no chance of winning a record-breaking eighth world championship this season, and is unlikely to even be able to challenge for a race victory in any of the 19 remaining races unless Mercedes can take a significant step forward with their W13 car, which is slower through the corners than its rivals and is suffering from such intense porpoising that its drivers are having to lift off the accelerator at high speeds. Verstappen says that, though he took no real pleasure in lapping Hamilton, Mercedes’ terrible start to the campaign meant he wasn’t surprised in the slightest to be able to make the move. ‘They have been slow all year so it is not really a surprise,’ Verstappen said. ‘[I don’t feel] happy lapping Lewis compared to anyone else. It is what it is.’ Red Bull team principal Christian Horner also gave his thoughts on Hamilton’s troubles, but clarified that his team were more concerned with managing the race from the front than celebrating Hamilton and Mercedes’ struggles. ‘It’s always tough to achieve something like that, but already [on Saturday] and the day before, we were on it, and I think it was looking like a strong weekend,” the Dutchman explained. ‘Today, you never know with the weather how competitive you’re going to be. But I think as a team we did everything well, and I think this 1-2 is very deserved.’ ‘Lewis didn’t have a great weekend, but we were very much focused on our race and just trying to extract the maximum points,’ said Horner. ‘It was obviously one of those things, but at that point, we were looking at the clouds. Was the rain gonna come in that last part of the race or not? We were more focused on that.’ Mercedes’ 2022 Formula 1 car ‘simply doesn’t work’, Toto Wolff worries Hamilton must take partial blame for Mercedes’ terrible start to F1 season, says Rosberg For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 