Billie Eilish suffered an extremely relatable mishap during her headliner slot at Coachella on Saturday night after falling flat ‘onto her face’ while onstage, joking that she ‘ate s**t’. The 20-year-old chart-topper owned the stage once more at the California music festival as she returned for Coachella’s second weekend, having previously apologised for ‘not being Beyoncé’. During her set, she bought out Hayley Williams of Paramore fame (more universally recognised than last weekend’s guest Damon Albarn, apparently) to sing an acoustic duet of the track Misery Business, accompanied by guitars – including one played by Billie’s brother and collaborator Finneas O’Connell. However, a few songs later, after singing from a cherry picker, the star moved back to the stage to perform Getting Older. As the lights lowered, pretty much plunging the stage into full-on darkness, the singer could then be heard falling. ‘I just ate s**t. Ouch!’ she exclaimed, before screeching with laughter. ‘You guys, I just ate a** up here.’ She added: ‘I’m good. I stepped on the – it was dark. Ouch! I tripped on the f***ing fire thing.’ Moving on with the set, she said, ‘Okay, let’s dance, huh?’, before laughing and shaking her hand in pain, while mouthing ‘ow’. After her next song though, Billie returned to the incident, telling the crowd: ‘You guys, I seriously ate s**t. Seriously. It was pitch black. You see that square? This f***ing thing? I went “de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de-de, bonk!” and fell onto my face.’ As the crowd started up a chant of ‘f*** the square’, the star laughed in delight and joined in – don’t let it ever be said she takes herself too seriously. Billie then shared with fans that she was ‘having the time of my life up here’. Rapper Megan Thee Stallion also returned to the festival in Indio, California, this time donning a futuristic green armoured bodysuit, wrist guards and visor, which she shed to reveal a skimpy lime-green embellished leotard underneath. Celebrity attendees on Saturday included singer Camila Cabello, who partied with friends in a villa and variety of bikinis, also making time to drop by and visit Coachella act Anitta backstage prior to rocking up at the festival. On Friday night, fellow headliner Harry Styles had thrilled fans by bringing out surprise guest Lizzo, who recently made her hosting debut on Saturday Night Live, alongside debuting new music. The previous weekend Shania Twain joined him onstage for an already iconic rendition of Man, I Feel Like A Woman. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles’s glittering Coachella headline set ‘drew crowd of over 100,000 people’ MORE : Louis Tomlinson takes to the stage for Wembley gig with arm in sling after sustaining elbow injury 