Amber Heard has been accused of lying after a makeup brand said the concealer kit she claimed she used to cover bruises that Johnny Depp gave her wasn’t sold until after they split. Depp, 58, is currently facing off with ex-wife Heard, 36, in court in Virginia in a $50million (£39million) defamation lawsuit after claiming her accusations of abuse against him are false. Heard is countersuing. He’s suing her for libel over a 2018 article she wrote in The Washington Post, which his lawyers say falsely implies he physically and sexually abused her. The article does not mention him by name. Heard is countersuing for $100million (£76m) claiming Depp libeled her by calling her a liar. Heard, who married Depp in 2015 and filed for divorce a year later, claimed she used Milani’s All In One Correcting Kit to cover alleged injuries given to her by Depp. Her lawyer, Benjamin Rottenborn, stated she kept the product in her purse at all times to ensure her bruises were never visible to the public. However, in a now-viral TikTok, the brand have confirmed that the concealer kit launched in 2017, after Depp and Heard split. The video is captioned: ‘You asked us… let the record show that our Correcting Kit launched in 2017!👀’. It’s possible that early samples were available before this – the brand hasn’t confirmed whether that was the case. A friend of Heard’s defended her lawyers, saying: ‘Ms Heard’s lawyer was using an example of the kind of makeup that she used, but it’s a sad day when a makeup company uses that as an opportunity to make light of what victims of domestic violence have to do to hide the results of the abuse they endure.’ Elsewhere in the trial, a video of Depp furiously slamming cabinet doors was shown to the court. In the clip, Depp – wearing a feathered hat and dark sunglasses – was seen to be slamming kitchen cabinets and throwing items. At one stage he appears to hurt himself as he shouts ‘motherf***er’ and kicks out at pieces of furniture. He’s also seen pouring himself a large glass of wine in one clip before appearing to become angry after discovering he was being filmed by Heard. Depp, who denies physically abusing Aquaman star Heard, on Thursday admitted he had ‘assaulted a couple of cabinets’. Depp will continue giving evidence when the trial at Fairfax County District Court continues on Monday. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Amber Heard for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp called ex Vanessa Paradis a ‘French extortionist c**t’ in email to Elton John, court hears MORE : Johnny Depp describes writing in his own blood after severing finger in brutal incident during Amber Heard court battle 