This is the first picture of a man accused of murdering missing mum Katie Kenyon, who vanished after getting into a van seven days ago. Andrew Burfield, 50, appeared at Preston Crown Court today charged with murder. The 33-year-old mother-of-two was last seen at 9.30am on Friday April 22 leaving a home in Burnley before travelling in a silver van. Police are working on the basis that Katie is no longer alive, although a body has not been found. Burfield, who is from Burnley, spoke only to confirm his identity during the seven-minute hearing today. He has not yet entered any plea to the charge of murder. Judge Medland QC set a date for him to return to court on August 22 for a plea and trial preparation hearing. A trial will take place on November 14 2022, with Burfield remanded in custody until then. Detectives are continuing to comb an area of Gisburn Forest as they search for Katie. More than 60 specialist officers from four police forces have been scouring the dense woodland for the past week, using search dog teams, mounted police, mountain rescue volunteers and drones. Lancashire Police said on Thursday that the search was continuing but due to information provided by a member of the public regarding the sighting of a silver Transit van, they are now prioritising a particular area in the forest for additional search and forensic scrutiny. They said this could take a number of days. Katie’s family are aware of the update and are being supported by specially trained officers. They previously told how her disappearance is ‘completely out of character’ as they begged for help in finding her. They have now paid tribute to the ‘beloved’ mum as they launched a JustGiving page to raise funds for her children. They wrote: ‘On Friday the 22nd April, our heartbreaking nightmare began when our Katie was taken away from her children and family far too soon. ‘We as family are putting together this justgiving page for Katie to have the best send off that Katie deserves & for Katie’s son and daughter & their future to fulfill Katie’s dreams she had planned with  her children. ‘As we know you all want to help, this would be the most appreciated way. Any donations will be truly, gratefully received. ‘Thank you for all your kind words and support. We know you’re all behind us.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.