Prince Harry has criticised Britain’s stiff upper lip attitude towards mental health. Hoping to change the dialogue, the Duke of Sussex applauded California’s ‘I’ll get my therapist to call your therapist’ mindset during a new podcast. After returning from the Netherlands, where he staged the Invictus Games, Harry revealed how he became convinced of the importance of mental health following a visit to military barracks in London. There, he witnessed a soldier ‘physically shaking’ and ‘visibly suffering’ as a result of PTSD. Listening to the stories of servicemen, the royal said, ‘I started to realise parts of my own story were being mirrored or reflected in that’. Speaking to the Masters of Scale with LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman podcast, he added: ‘99.9% of people on planet Earth are suffering from some form of loss, trauma or grief. ‘It doesn’t matter what age you are, but the majority of us have experienced a lot of that in our younger years, therefore we’ve forgotten about it. ‘Now, the body doesn’t forget, the body holds the score as we know. ‘And, therefore, just as much as there’s a mental health aspect to it, there’s also the emotional aspect to it as well. ‘And I think the more that we can talk about it, the more we understand it. The more we understand it, well, the more we understand each other.’ In his 20s, Harry developed panic attacks, and has previously admitted to self-medicating with alcohol and drugs to cope with the trauma of his mum’s death. His wife Meghan Markle has also opened up about her depression and suicidal thoughts in the past. Mr Hoffman, the host, described the ‘sometimes uphill battle’ the duke is said to have faced while talking about mental health in the UK. ‘You’re absolutely right, Reid, about the cultural differences, they’re immense,’ Harry replied. ‘You talk about it here in California, “I’ll get my therapist to call your therapist”. ‘Whereas in the UK it’s like, “Therapist? What therapist? Whose therapist? I don’t have a therapist. No, I definitely don’t, I’ve never spoken to a therapist.”‘ The duke went on to suggest that there needs to be a change in people’s mindsets from just coping with problems to getting on the ‘front foot’ and becoming mentally ‘fit’. He argued that PTSD should be renamed to swap ‘disorder’ for ‘injury’, allowing people to imagine recovering from it more easily rather than feeling ‘screwed for the rest of their life’. He said: ‘Rather than looking at going.. “I’m trying to survive’, or, “Every single day I’m trying to cope”, I think we need to completely change it. ‘And that’s what I mean about the difference between mental health and mental fitness, is the mental fitness aspect is like, “I’m not going to wait for myself to be, either collapse on the floor or wait to have a nervous breakdown or burnout and then have to fall on my friends or then have to pay X amount of money or find the money to be able to afford professional help. ‘Mental fitness, as far as I understand it, is more a case of get on the front foot. What can you do to be proactive, to prevent the situation from happening?’ Harry appeared on the podcast as the chief impact officer role for BetterUp, a coaching and mental health company. His job, he said, was as ‘driving advocacy and awareness for mental fitness’. Earlier this month, BetterUp announced it is partnering with the Invictus Games Foundation to ‘become the official mental fitness coaching tool for international members of the Invictus community’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.