Taking on any new DIY projects? Then you might want to check this guide before you start doing anything drastic. From Roman blinds that don’t quite cover the window, to furniture that doesn’t really fit the space, or paint that runs out before the wall is finished, many of us are capable of buying online and discovering we’ve measured up incorrectly. To explain how to measure like a pro, we asked Rob Lessmann, interior designer and founder of Design’d Living, to give some tips. Here’s Rob’s simple how-to guide to measuring correctly: Visualise the space as a whole. Think about how you want the space to look and then consider the practicalities of making that work – the two are very different things. You may dream of having a large sofa but only really have room for two chairs. Getting an idea of your space will help with measuring – and ensure that what you buy actually fits and looks great. For furniture layouts and measurements when you don’t have the luxury of resets and 3D software, create a layout of the actual size of the pieces in the proposed space by cutting and pasting newspaper templates. Generally, when shopping online, the supplier will share the size of the items in centimetres or millimetres. Get a decent tape measure that you can lock off at the end so it won’t snap back on you. Then lay out pieces of newspaper, taping them together if necessary. Measure out the size of the sofa and lay it on the floor to get a real feel for how big it will be. The above step very quickly shows if the piece is too big or too small for the space, and whether people will be able to move comfortably around it all. There is nothing worse than buying your dream sofa or rug only to find it doesn’t fit. The other thing to measure is access points, can you get the piece into the space? This is vital to ensure you can move around the item that you’re trying to bring into the space – but also, will it fit through the door? If the sofa is wider than your door frame, you’re going to have a problem. The same has to be said if you are in a flat. Will the item you’ve got your eye on go up the stairs, or will you need to take a window out to be able to get it through? And if you’re on a higher floor, will the delivery team be happy to cart it up a flight of stairs? The most important thing when measuring is to check and double check what measurement the company is using. Is it cm, mm or meters? It’s an easy mistake but it can mean you end up with curtains that are really long or a table which is far too small. Check, check again and then measure your space to be sure it’s correct. If you are not sure, ask – it’s far better to be safe than sorry. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to keep costs down during DIY home renovations MORE : The common mistakes experts see DIY-newbies make MORE : How to become more confident doing DIY at home 