A lottery winner who scooped £115million has given away more than half her fortune as she is addicted to helping others. Frances Connolly’s husband Paddy had persuaded her to agree on a charity budget to help keep her habitual altruism in check. But she has already blown that by giving away what they would have donated up to 2032. Frances, 55, from Hartlepool, County Durham, has handed about £11million to good causes this year alone – roughly what she’d agreed to donate over the course of 10 years. She says she gets a real ‘buzz’ from being able to change people’s lives for the better with her money, adding: ‘I’m addicted to it now.’ The former social worker and teacher has set up two charitable foundations since her and Paddy won big on the Euromillions in 2019 New Year’s Day draw. One is named after her late mother Kathleen Graham in their native Northern Ireland, and works to improve the lives of all communities in Strabane and Belfast. The other is the PFC Trust, which supports young carers, the elderly and refugees in Hartlepool, where Frances and Paddy have lived for the past 30 years. When the couple first hit the jackpot, they gave away large chunks of cash to friends and family, using a list Frances prepared in anticipation that she’d someday win. Frances estimates she has given away £60million, including to charity, but does not keep a tally, joking she would be worried in case her 57-year-old husband saw it. ‘I’ve got 17 nieces and nephews, so they all had to get a bit,’ she added. Frances said helping others, whether with money or by volunteering her time, lifted people’s spirits during lockdown. Frances has always been motivated to help others, volunteering for the St John Ambulance from age nine and setting up an Aids helpline when she was a student in Belfast. The couple, who have three daughters – Catrina, 34, and twins Fiona and Natalie, 26 – are not extravagant with their wealth and Frances has no desire to buy a yacht. Their biggest expenditure after their win was a six-bedroom house in County Durham with seven acres of land. Paddy drives a second-hand Aston Martin, but his wife scoffed at the idea of spending £13,000 on a console table. When she saw a TV show where someone in Monaco spent £25,000 on a bottle of champagne, she immediately thought that could have put a young person on the property ladder. Paddy still runs plastic businesses, while Frances devotes her time to the trusts, which have backed local community groups to help people get into work, buy electronic tablets for old people so they can connect with their families, and supported refugees. Young carers are particularly close to her heart, and the trust and personal donations have bought two caravans so they can go on respite breaks. Asked why she was happy to give so much away, Frances said: ‘Oh, who needs all that money? ‘I’m not being funny, I’d have been a millionaire anyway if I took back all the money I’ve given away over the years. ‘People do ask, “How did you cope with that amount of money?” I said, “I never did. It wasn’t in the bank two days”. She added: ‘It’s still weird, but I’ve never actually had to come to terms with all that money because we had it for such a short amount of time.’ Winning such a huge sum has obviously changed the pair’s lives, but Frances said it does not alter your personality. She said: ‘If you’re stupid before you get it, you’re going to be stupid afterwards. ‘Money’s not going to make you sensible. Money liberates you to be the person that you want to be. ‘If I had any advice for a winner, that’s what I’d say. Think about what type of person you are and what type of person you want to be.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.