An adorable ‘cat chef’ has become a TikTok star after showing off his incredible skills in the kitchen. Known as ‘That Little Puff’ online, the cat regularly stars in his own videos where he appears to cook up a storm. All the while, he uses a series of kitchen tools and gadgets to make some delicious feasts. The cat’s owner Lynch Zhang, 29, from Brooklyn, New York, works as an entrepreneur, strategist, architectural designer and also manages Puff’s online presence. Lynch says his little cat, who turns three this year, loves to film fun content for TikTok but says it isn’t the easiest of tasks. ‘First we have to catch Puff in a content-creating mood – you know how cats can be sometimes,’ Lynch says. ‘Usually we have a list of TikToks that my brother and I have liked and wanted to make, so we’re always ready to get Puff nice and dressed for the camera. ‘He doesn’t need to do much, just let us guide his paw a bit while the food’s cooking, and for the more dangerous parts we have some great props to keep Puff away from any harm.’ Puff has proved to be a social media sensation and now has over 25 million followers on his account @ThatLittlePuff. ‘Almost all of our fans seem to love chef Puff,’ Lynch explains. ‘We do see some people who think that Puff doesn’t enjoy making these videos, but I can assure them that we make sure he’s as happy as possible during filming!’ In one video, Puff can be seen trying out a hack to slice butter by using his paws in place of hands. The video racked up over 59 million views and over 4.7 million likes, with plenty of comments from people loving Puff. One Instagram user wrote on the post: ‘Meanwhile I’m living like a caveman.’ While another person added: ‘The butter one is clever.’ In another video, the cat can be seen making a cocktail with Bombay Sapphire gin. Puff also demonstrated how to plate up food to rival a Michelin chef, carefully slicing vegetables before displaying them artfully on the plate. He has even tried his hand at sushi, creating delicate pieces of salmon sashimi. ‘I think it’s great that so many people are taking an interest in Puff,’ Lynch says. ‘Honestly, it’s like seeing my own kid grow up to be famous, and I couldn’t be more proud of our little Puff ball for coming such a long way. ‘We never expected how big an impact Puff would have to our lives, we never thought puff would get famous and not to mention we could ever start our own company. ‘It’s great to see how much joy Puff has brought to us and the rest of the world.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to teach children to be safe around dogs MORE : How to restore your floorboards after ripping up your carpets MORE : Woman transforms her home with an incredible animal-print makeover