A fantasist has been found guilty of the sexually-motivated murder of a young boy nearly 30 years ago. Decades on from the mysterious killing, James Watson, 41, was convicted by majority verdict of 10 to two at the Old Bailey over the death of Rikki Neave, six. The boy’s naked body was found strangled near his home in Peterborough in November 1994. The jury deliberated for 36 hours and 31 minutes before convicting Watson, following an 11-week trial. It comes as vindication for Rikki’s mother Ruth, who was cleared of killing her son in 1996. Watson was 13 when he lured Rikki to woods and strangled the boy from behind with a ligature or anorak collar to fulfil a ‘morbid fantasy’ he had told his mother about three days before. He stripped Rikki naked and posed his body in a star shape for sexual gratification, deliberately ‘exhibiting’ him near a children’s woodland den, jurors were told. Rikki was reported missing that evening and found the next day. His sister Rochelle, 30, hailed the verdict as a ‘victory’, for the family who had campaigned for years for justice. She remembered her brother as a ‘cheeky’ and ‘loving’ boy, who would look after his siblings. Ms Neave said of Watson: ‘He thought he’d got away with it for that many years and thought we were just going to go away and roll under the table. We weren’t.’ Youngest sister Sheradyn, 27, who was a baby when Rikki died, added: ‘I think we were let down by the police at the time, we were let down by social services, we were let down by everyone who was in our lives who was meant to care.’ Watson obsessed over newspaper coverage of the killing, copying front page stories at school. The next month, he was interviewed as a witness by police after an elderly resident reported seeing him with Rikki on the nearby Welland Estate. His lying account went unchallenged by police, who wrongly focused on a theory that Ms Neave killed her son and used a buggy to dump his body. The mother-of-four was cleared of his murder in 1996 but jailed for seven years after admitting child cruelty. The case was unsolved until Watson’s DNA was identified on Rikki’s clothes, which had been recovered from a wheelie bin. WARNING: Explicit content Prosecutors felt there was still insufficient evidence but reversed their decision after Ms Neave and Rikki’s sisters called for a victims’ right to review. Key evidence included Rikki’s last meal of Weetabix, which fixed his time of death at around noon. It meant Rikki was killed shortly after being seen with Watson heading to the woods where he used to play. Rikki’s muddy Clarks shoes also indicated his walk into the woods was a one-way trip. The prosecution claimed it was no coincidence that, three days before the murder, Watson was the source of a bogus radio report about a two-year-old boy being strangled. His sexual interest in younger boys was known to police, who interviewed him over an allegation he molested a five-year-old in 1993. More disturbing behaviour was noted at Watson’s children’s home, including him masturbating over pictures of young boys in underwear and keeping a dead pheasant in his room, the court heard. Jurors were not told about a record of Watson allegedly throttling a staff member with a stocking. An ex-girlfriend revealed he had strangled her during sex in woods and killed a bird and spread its wings in a sinister reconstruction of Rikki’s murder. In a police interview in 2016, Watson attempted to explain his DNA’s presence on Rikki’s clothes by claiming he picked him up to look at diggers through a hole in a fence. Prosecutor John Price QC said that was his ‘really big mistake’ as police were able to prove the fence was not there in 1994. Jurors were also told Watson has a long criminal record, which includes convictions for stealing cars and setting fire to a British Transport Police station. While on bail on suspicion of murder, Watson fled to Portugal but was extradited back to Britain. His legal team had pointed the finger at Ms Neave, which she denied, and claimed  Watson could not have murdered Rikki as he was seen alive in the afternoon of November 28. However, the prosecution shrugged off the ‘ghost sightings’, which wrongly claimed Rikki was wearing a red jumper or riding a BMX bike. Speaking after the conviction today, a senior crown prosecutor at the Crown Prosecution Service added: ‘The conviction of James Watson for killing Rikki Neave concludes an appalling unsolved crime almost 30 years after it happened. It brings justice for Rikki.’ Clare Forsdike continued: ‘It has been like a jigsaw puzzle with each piece of evidence not enough by itself but when put together creating a clear and compelling picture of why James Watson had to be the killer. ‘Ultimately a combination of evidence from DNA, post mortem, soil samples, eyewitness testimony, and his changing accounts proved overwhelming. ‘Only James Watson knows why he did it. He remained silent for two decades and then put Rikki’s family through the agony of a trial. ‘I hope the verdict gives some consolation to all those who love and miss Rikki Neave.’ Former assistant chief constable Paul Fullwood, who led the cold case, said Watson is ‘a fantasist, a dangerous individual, and a compulsive liar’. Hannah Van Dadelszen, deputy chief crown prosecutor for the East of England, acknowledged prosecuting Ms Neave was ‘wrong’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Mum, stepdad and teen guilty of murdering five-year-old Logan Mwangi