‘We have withstood 50 days already. 50 days of Russian invasion, although the occupiers gave us a maximum of five. That’s how they “know us”. That’s how they “make friends with reality.”‘ That was Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky’s powerful opening of a speech to his people last night to highlight 50 days of invasion by Russia. He praised the ‘achievement of millions of Ukrainians’ in a late-night address to the nation and thanked them for making ‘the most important decision of their life – to fight’. Vladimir Putin’s army invaded Ukraine on February 24 and has lost potentially thousands of fighters in the war, although the full figures are uncertain. The war has killed many Ukrainians in combat but also huge numbers of civilians – including up to 10,000 in the besieged eastern city of Mariupol – and millions of people have been forced to flee the country. President Zelensky recalled the first day of the invasion, saying the world did not know ‘how brave Ukrainians are, how much we value freedom and the possibility to live the way we want’. He added: ‘To put it mildly, no one was sure that we would withstand it. Everyone sympathised. Many of them advised me to flee the country. Advised to actually surrender to tyranny.’ But Mr Zelensky received the full support of his people – and the world – when he bravely remained in the country with his family despite at least three assassination attempts. He went on to give an extensive, also poetic listing of how Ukrainians fought off Russian troops, giving examples of bravery. He further mentioned ‘those who showed that Russian warships can sail away, even if it’s to the bottom’ of the sea – his only reference to the Russian missile cruiser Moskva, which sank while being towed to port. The Russian military finally admitted yesterday the Soviet-era ship had been ‘seriously damaged’ by a fire. The ministry said the blaze set off some of the ship’s weapons and forced the crew to evacuate. However, the Ukrainian military claimed the large fire was the result of a successful missile strike. He added: ‘You have all become heroes. All Ukrainian men and women who withstood and do not give up. ‘And who will win. Who will return peace to Ukraine. I’m sure of it.’ The head of the UN World Food Programme, David Beasley, feared the country’s humanitarian crisis is set to worsen in the coming weeks as Russia’s assault continues. He warned yesterday Russia’s invasion of grain-exporting Ukraine risks destabilising nations far from its shores, and could trigger waves of people seeking better lives elsewhere due to lack of imports. But Russia’s deputy UN ambassador Dmitry Polyansky said in response: ‘The main factor for instability and the source of the problem today is not the Russian special military operation in Ukraine, but sanctions measures imposed on our country seeking to cut off any supplies from Russia and the supply chain, apart from those supplies that those countries in the West need, in other words energy.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.