Some of Will Smith’s upcoming projects have been halted in the wake of his Oscars slap, it has been claimed. The Fresh Prince actor, 53, famously stormed the stage at last month’s ceremony to confront Chris Rock, leaving Hollywood reeling. In the week since, he has shared a lengthy apology over the incident and resigned from the Academy, with organisers launching an investigation into what happened. According to reports, projects he was lined up for have now been paused over the altercation. The Hollywood Reporter claims that Netflix has ‘quietly halted’ production on upcoming thriller, Fast and Loose, which the Oscar winner was set to play a leading role inn. The streaming platform is said to be ‘wary’ about moving forward at the moment, but it is ‘unclear’ whether the another actor will take his place. As well as this, the outlet claims production on Bad Boys 4 has been halted by Sony, while Apple TV+ has not confirmed a release date for Emancipation – which was slated to come out this year. However, there have been no official announcements made on any of Will’s upcoming projects. The actor has faced intense criticism after hitting Chris on stage at the ceremony, after the comedian made a comment on Jada Pinkett Smith’s buzzcut, comparing her to GI Jane. Organisers condemned the dad-of-three’s actions in a statement on Wednesday, stating that he was ‘asked to leave’ the ceremony but ‘refused’. Will had been facing expulsion or suspension from the Academy following the incident, and announced his resignation last week. ‘The list of those I have hurt is long and includes Chris, his family, many of my dear friends and loved ones, all those in attendance, and global audiences at home,’ he began a statement shared with Variety. ‘I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken. ‘I want to put the focus back on those who deserve attention for their achievements and allow the Academy to get back to the incredible work it does to support creativity and artistry in film.’ Will concluded: ‘Change takes time and I am committed to doing the work to ensure that I never again allow violence to overtake reason.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Netflix, Apple + and Sony for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lego Star Wars: The Skywalker Saga review – the best value in the galaxy MORE : EastEnders legend June Brown was ‘told by doctors’ to carry on smoking 