When Lottie Fotheringham, 39, bought her home in 2019 it was in a sorry state. The makeup artist, from Stamford in Lincolnshire, paid £160,000 for the property, which was filled with debris and needed a massive makeover. However, the scale of the job didn’t phase Lottie and her partner Michael Winder, 36, who’ve transformed the place into a stunning, modern haven. ‘The ex council house was built in 1951 and hadn’t been modernised since,’ Lottie told Metro.co.uk. ‘Same heating system (gas boxes on the wall) and same electrics.’ She continued: ‘The guy we bought it off was a hoarder, so he left the house full of stuff – satin sheets on a bed even a McDonald’s on a coffee table. ‘It was filthy. It was the worst house I’d ever been in. ‘You couldn’t even get in the garden, it was so overgrown with brambles. It took two months to empty the house of things and clear the garden.’ It was a big project, and Lottie says that they ‘only kept the brick walls’ and that ‘everything else went’. She and actor Micheal wanted to do the majority of the work themselves to keep costs down, starting out by ripping down the ceilings and insulating between them to improve energy efficiency and soundproof. The original floorboards were then sanded down and work began on extending the house. Lottie said: ‘We did a double storey side extension and a back extension, new heating system, rewired, replastered. ‘We moved the kitchen and put in a new one, added new bathrooms, added an ensuite bathroom, another bedroom, dining area, utility and cloakroom. ‘We even put a new roof on. We basically did everything!’ In total, they spent £150,000 on the overhaul, which totals at £310,000 when you include the price of the house. ‘We’ve had it valued at £435,000, so have added around £125,000 value,’ said Lottie. ‘We did lots of work ourselves to keep costs down.’ Lottie and Micheal, who document their interiors and decor stylings on Instagram as Renovation Rathouse, also had their twin boys Florian and Gabriel, 3, and 6-year-old Arlo in tow throughout the works. It was a sacrifice to risk purchasing a house they couldn’t live in with three young children, but one that was certainly worth it for the family. Lottie said: ‘It’s a very light, contemporary feeling home with open plan living. The flow is perfect. ‘It’s our dream home inside, but now we have caught the bug so it’s time for the next one. ‘The feeling of finally moving in was incredible. The boys loved it as they visited everyday as the house was being done so couldn’t wait for it to be finished.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A ‘wellness train’ with crafts and meditation is coming to take you from London to Lincoln MORE : Woman who spent years hiding her facial hair is more confident than ever now she’s embraced her beard