Phillip Schofield continued his birthday celebrations with Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly as the merriments entered day three. The This Morning presenter turned 60 on Friday and reigned in the milestone with his nearest and dearest, including his wife Stephanie Lowe and his daughters Molly and Ruby, over an intimate dinner. Loose Women’s Christine Lampard was also in attendance along with Ant’s wife Anne-Marie Corbett and Dec’s wife Ali Astall. Phil shared a video of the celebrations with the group singing Happy Birthday as he was presented with a cake. ‘I’m glad there were only five!’ he could be heard saying, referring to the number of candles, as his guests laughed. ‘Thank you gorgeous gang,’ Phil wrote alongside the footage, with the group tagged. In the clip, he was seen sat next to his wife Steph on one side while Christine sat on the other. Meanwhile, Phil’s daughters and their partners were seated opposite. Phil’s This Morning co-host Holly Willoughby wished him a happy birthday during Thursday’s show where he was presented with a cake live on air. ‘Before we go, we couldn’t end the show without wishing Phil a very happy birthday,’ she said. ‘It’s tomorrow by the way,’ Phil replied, with Holly firing back: ‘Yeah but we’re not here tomorrow!’ Guest chef Gok Wan told him to ‘have the best day’, before adding: ‘Look at this, what a great day! And have a wonderful birthday Phil, you deserve it.’ In February, Phil marked 40 years on television with a special episode of Lorraine. During the programme, Holly described how Phil had ‘without a doubt’ played an important role in getting This Morning bosses to hire her in 2009, following Fern Britton’s departure from the show. Phil’s first hosting job was in New Zealand, where his family had emigrated in the early 1980s. He was the main presenter on TVNZ music show Shazam! for three years from February 1982, and also worked as a radio DJ before returning to the UK in 1985. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 