Dogs may actually be better off eating vegan food than meat, a new study has suggested. Dog owners might decide to switch up their pooches’ diet for various reasons, including environmental concerns, the treatment of the animals used in their pet’s food or the health of their furry friends. But now, there could be good reason to make sure their four-legged friends are getting a few more veggies in their bowl. Researchers found that overall, dogs on conventional diets were less healthy than dogs on raw meat or vegan diets. A team from the University of Winchester found that while animals on raw meat diets appeared to be healthier than those on vegan diets, several factors prevented them from concluding raw meat diets are healthier. According to the study, dogs on raw meat diets were significantly younger than dogs on vegan diets, which could help explain why they appeared to be healthier. Additionally, those on raw meat diets were less likely to be taken to a vet. While this could be a sign of better health, prior research has indicated owners of dogs on raw meat diets are less likely to take their pet to a vet. Until now, research into the health effects of conventional versus unconventional dog diets has been limited. The authors said: ‘We believe our study of 2,536 dogs is by far the largest study published to date, exploring health outcomes of dogs fed vegan and meat-based diets. ‘It analysed a range of objective data, as well as owner opinions and reported veterinary assessments of health. ‘It revealed that the healthiest and least hazardous dietary choices for dogs are nutritionally sound vegan diets.’ The team said more research is needed to confirm the initial findings and whether dogs are better off eating a vegan diet over raw meat. Prior research has linked raw meat diets to increased risk of pathogens and nutritional deficiencies, the study suggests. In light of both the new and previous findings, the researchers suggest a nutritionally sound vegan diet may be the healthiest and least hazardous choice for dogs. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.