Doing up kids’ rooms is an area of the home where you can really let your creativity shine – and it doesn’t need to break the bank either. John Barnfather, 33, a dad of three and medical imaging engineer from Brighouse, wanted to make something really special for his sons, and saved thousands by going down the DIY route. He decided to build an amazing futuristic bunkbed for his kids from scratch, which cost him just £280, compared to similar shop-bought bunkbeds priced as high as £750. John told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: ‘The idea was just a spur of the moment one. ‘I thought about circle holes first but ended up with this design. The rounded edges make it look interesting and also make it safer than having a square edge. ‘The lights idea came from noticing how dark it looked so they would not be able to read a book at bedtime. This is also one of the reasons I chose bright colours for the inside.’ For the frame, John used C16 CLS timber, opting for 18mm and 9mm MDF for the inside and outside panels. He began by measuring the mattresses for the bed and building the frame from there. To keep things bright inside the bunks he also installed spot lights, but says jobs like these ‘should only be done by someone who understands electrics.’ John added: ‘I then added supports to the frame, paying particular attention to securing the top bunk. ‘After completing the frame with supports I tested its strength by putting mattresses on the frame and having two adults sit on the top bunk. ‘After this I added the external panels and secured them loosely in place using a few screws.’ The wiring was next, after which John painted the panels and secured them properly. ‘I then marked my front panel design and drilled a large hole in the middle of it,’ said John. ‘I worked the jigsaw out from this position to cut out the design. I then sanded down the edges and painted the front panels.’ Once the mattresses were in place, John secured the steps and added grip tape to help the kids easily reach their beds. DIY enthusiast John said: ‘My tips for people would be to take your time and plan beforehand. ‘I added 20mm extra to the length and width of the mattress to make it easier to change the sheets.’ It’s certainly a big job, but the family love their new bespoke beds. John also managed to add in some special touches to the build. ‘It was a great feeling when it was done,’ he said. ‘It’s something I made for my children and I even added some hidden messages on the inside of the woodwork telling them how much I love them. ‘They will probably never see it but I know it’s there.’ Including the bedding – which was £12 per set from Amazon – the whole transformation cost John £280. He added: ‘Before I decided to make this I was looking at some bunk beds for around £750 – and I prefer these more as they mean something!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to correctly prep a wall for painting MORE : Your guide to the heartthrob bob – the 90s trend that’s come back around