Almost 100,000 Ukrainian refugees are being forced into isolated areas of Russia as far as the Arctic Circle, Kremlin documents say. A staggering 4,547,735 people have been forced to flee their homes in Ukraine in search of safety – with hundreds of thousands reportedly ending up in Russia. Moscow’s reports to the UN show 404,418 refugees are currently in the Federation. It is now thought some 95,739 people will be intentionally scattered as far as 5,500 miles away from their homes, according to a Moscow decree seen by The i. The emergency order, made by Vladimir Putin last month, said Russia would ‘approve the distribution’ of citizens of the Russian Federation, Ukraine, Donetsk, Lugansk and stateless people. The Kremlin said ‘taking into account the current situation’ in Ukraine, soldiers should ‘ensure the reception’ of 95,739 people. There are plans to send 11,398 people to Siberia, 7,218 to the Far East and 7,023 to the North Caucasus. Other destinations include the Arctic port of Murmansk, Magadan on Russia’s east coast, and heavily militarised places where the Kremlin has had to deploy troops to quash insurgencies. Similarly, the area in the Far East where refugees are being sent, Sakhalin, contains the Kuril Islands which Japan has claimed as its own territory – meaning it is likely to have a significant military presence. No one is being sent to the major cities of Moscow or St Petersburg, according to the report. Each region has been told to update Putin on its refugee intake on the fifth day of each month. Some of the total number of refugees in Russia may have voluntarily opted to go there – particularly from the separatist, self-proclaimed states of Donetsk and Lugansk. But other refugees have claimed Russian soldiers forced them into buses to be taken into economically depressed areas of the Federation. The mayor of Mariupol, Vadym Boychenko, is one of several Ukrainian officials claiming Kremlin troops are confiscating civilians’ passports, moving those people to ‘filtration camps’ in the separatist-controlled East and taking them into Russia. Mr Boychenko said yesterday more than 10,000 civilians have died so far under Moscow’s besiege of the city. He said Russian troops had burnt many of the bodies while leaving others ‘carpeted through the streets’. It comes as Putin faces unverified accusations of using a chemical weapon on Mariupol. Ukrainian troops are said to be suffering dizziness, breathing problems and other symptoms from the ‘unknown substance’, which is alleged to have been distributed via a drone. Russia has consistently denied all allegations of war crimes, often accusing Ukraine of committing the atrocities in an effort to frame Moscow. Genocide expert Dr Leon Hartwell last week told Metro.co.uk about his prediction Putin would decide to use ‘greater force’ as he ‘concentrates his troops on specific cities’. He explained Putin is ‘resorting to such below the belt measures’, such as chemical weapons, because ‘his leadership depends on winning this war’. ‘Taking a country into war is a big deal but losing it may cost you your presidency,’ Dr Hartwell added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.