The Weeknd has teased he may be considering joining Kanye West, or rather Ye, in changing his name, and plenty of his fans are here for it. Chatting with his Twitter followers on Sunday, the musician – real name Abel Tesfaye – joked: ‘you guys are hilarious. i feel like i should change my stage name to ABEL at this point lol.’ He added: ‘maybe pull a YE and just legally change my name to ABEL. no last name. Like Madonna or Cher or Prince. I don’t know it seems like a lot.’ ‘ABEL formally [sic] known as The Weeknd ?’ he then mused. John Legend let his approval be known, commenting ‘ABEL is dope’, to which the 32-year-old replied via quote tweet: ‘I’m tempted …’ The Weeknd, who recently appeared in a ‘dream come true’ cameo on The Simpsons, then retweeted a fan’s response, which read: ‘I been calling you Abel. I tatted [sic] “Abel Tesfaye” on my arm & the real fans know who it is when they see it.’ However, others were worried by the Blinding Lights’ singer’s possible name change heralding the end of their favourite memes. ‘DONT DO IT otherwise we won’t have memes like these in the future every Friday,’ wailed one, sharing the-now iconic clip of James Bond star Daniel Craig introducing the singer during a March 2020 episode of Saturday Night Live. That is a fair point. The chart-topper was chatting with his fans as he kept to his promise to boycott the Grammys the same day. He was nominated for three awards and won one for best melodic rap performance via Kanye’s track Hurricane. All three of The Weeknd’s nominated tracks were from record labels different from his own, as he banned his record label from submitting any of his songs to the committee to be considered for a nomination for the 2022 awards, after failing to pick up a single nod the previous year. This was despite having multiple hits in 2020, in particular, the phenomenally popular Blinding Lights, which reached number one in several countries, inspired a TikTok dance trend and was named record of the year by Variety. Furious at the snub, he took to Instagram where he called the awards ‘corrupt’ and called for ‘transparency’, and later in the year promised to boycott the ceremony. Metro.co.uk has contacted The Weeknd’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Louis Theroux joins Stormzy on tour in brand new six-part celebrity interview series MORE : Noel Gallagher slams Harry Styles suggesting ex-One Direction star doesn’t write own music: ‘He’ll be surrounded by a lot of girls’ 