The Queen has pulled out of an Easter event next week, Buckingham Palace has confirmed. The monarch, 95, had been due to attend the Royal Maundy Day service at St George’s Chapel in Windsor on April 14, but will instead be represented by Prince Charles. It will be the first time the Charles, who will be accompanied by the Duchess of Cornwall, will have represented the Queen at the event. The annual event is an important fixture in the royal calendar and will see Charles follow the ancient tradition of distributing Maundy money to community stalwarts. It is understood the Queen, who has been experiencing mobility issues, was unable to commit to the event. She was reportedly keen for the arrangements for the day to be confirmed and wished to avoid any misunderstanding or for the day to be overshadowed. It is understood that while she will not attend the event, the Queen, who turns 96 this month, will continue to hold virtual meetings by video call and continue her other duties as head of state. The Queen has been in fragile health since she spent an unscheduled night in hospital last October. Since then she has cut back on engagements on doctor’s orders and has been seen using a walking stick more often. She has largely limited her duties to meetings with foreign diplomats and has made a number of appearances via video calls, rather than meet people in person. In February, she caught Covid-19 but recovered to hold a meeting with the Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau. Last week, the Queen attended a memorial service for Prince Philip who died last year. It was the first time she was seen in public outside of a royal residence for almost six months. The latest announcement comes amid fears the monarch may miss the state opening of parliament which is scheduled for May 10. Buckingham Palace is yet to confirm her attendance at the event but if she does miss the ceremony it will be for only the third time in her 70-year reign. The monarch traditionally lays out the government’s legislative programme during the Queen’s Speech, in a ceremony stuffed with pomp and pageantry. If she does not attend she will once again be replaced by Prince Charles. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.