Piers Morgan has expressed his sympathy towards Boris Becker following the news that the former tennis star has been jailed for two and a half years. It has been announced that Becker, who won Wimbledon three times throughout his career, has been sent to prison for hiding £2.5million worth of assets to avoid paying his debts. The 54-year-old was convicted of four charges of insolvency relating to his bankruptcy in 2017 earlier this month, and was found guilty by a jury after admitting he spent tens of millions of pounds on his ‘expensive lifestyle habits’, as well as his divorce and the upkeep of his four children. Following the news, Morgan – who launched his new show Piers Morgan Uncensored on TalkTV this week – said he felt ‘so sorry’ for Becker over the outcome. Sharing a group photo of himself with the German former world number one, he tweeted: ‘So sorry about Boris Becker. Great guy, and always enjoyed his company. See you on the other side, mate.’ During Becker’s sentencing, Judge Deborah Taylor referred to his previous bankruptcy conviction, saying: ‘You did not heed the warning you were given and the chance you were given by the suspended sentence and that is a significant aggravating factor.’ ‘You have lost your career and reputation and all of your property as a result of your bankruptcy,’ the judge said. ‘You have not shown remorse, acceptance of your guilt and have sought to distance yourself from your offending and your bankruptcy. ‘While I accept your humiliation as part of the proceedings, there has been no humility.’ When he was 17 years old, Becker made history when he won Wimbledon, becoming the first unseeded player in history to lift the trophy. He ended up winning six Grand Slam titles throughout his career, as well as 15 career titles and an Olympic gold medal. After retiring as a professional tennis player, he spent three years coaching Novak Djokovic and also embarked on a career as a media pundit. When it was revealed last year that Morgan was quitting his ITV programme Life Stories, Becker responded to a tweet announcing the news by recalling how he was once a guest on the show. Morgan then responded: ‘… and a brilliant guest you were too!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gary Lineker ‘turned down Piers Morgan’s job on Good Morning Britain straight away’ during hunt for replacement MORE : Steve Coogan admits hilariously inept TV presenter Alan Partridge is a mix of Piers Morgan and Richard Madeley 