Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich has made an offer to buy Valencia, according to another potential buyer for the Spanish club. Abramovich put Chelsea up for sale last month but will no longer receive a penny from the transaction after he was sanctioned by the UK Government. The Russian oligarch has also been forced to protect some of his assets, including his £430 million yacht, Solaris, after he was also sanctioned by the EU. However, Miguel Zorio, a Spanish businessman who is attempting to buy Valencia with an €248m (£207.8m) bid, alleges that the club’s current owner, Peter Lim, has claimed that he has also received an offer from Abramovich. ‘Peter Lim has tried to sell the club in London for €250 million (£209.5m) and has not succeeded,’ Zorio said. ‘Lately, he has leaked to international media that he has two purchase offers, mine and that of the Russian oligarch of Chelsea. ‘And from here, I tell him that either he puts €50 million every year to compensate for the losses he generates or he sells to us. Whether he likes it or not.’ Chelsea, meanwhile, are still no closer to their takeover from Abramovich’s era as the four chosen bidders have been given a deadline extension where they can submit improved offers. The initial deadline for improved bids was on Monday but US merchant bank, The Raine Group, which is handling the sale of the club wants to give the bidders ‘a full and fair opportunity to adequately finalise the details of their proposals’. Over the weekend, reports claims that two parties, Todd Boehly and the Ricketts family, are set to offer Chelsea fans a ‘golden share’ as part of their bid. Last week, the Ricketts family gave an eight-point pledge to Chelsea supporters in the wake of protests from fans about their potential ownership. As part of their pledge, the Ricketts family vowed that Chelsea will never join a European Super League, while investment to continue the success of the men’s and women’s sides has also been promised. Boehly, meanwhile, was in attendance at Stamford Bridge this week to watch Chelsea’s defeat to Real Madrid in the Champions League quarter final. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 