A girl has admitted to forfeiting her meals so her younger siblings don’t go hungry in Panorama’s Surviving The Cost Of Living Crisis episode. Rebecca, a single mum of three, works part time as a nurse and is struggling to make things meet as bills continue to soar. She revealed she often doesn’t eat so that her children can be fed, and they are aware of her going without. Her daughter, Bethan, confessed to the camera that she sometimes goes without eating too so that there is enough food for the rest of the family. ‘I do see my mum skipping meals sometimes so that we can have ours and it makes me worry sometimes because I do wonder if she’s getting enough of what she needs to have to be alright,’ Bethan said of her mother. ‘Sometimes if we don’t have much in the cupboards, I let my brother and sister have that,’ she added. ‘I do worry though sometimes that we won’t cope.’ Mum Rebecca admitted that she has been at breaking point before over the stress of the rising costs of living, but soldiers on for her children. ‘Whatever happens, I have three children to provide for,’ she said. Viewers shared their heartache at the brutal scenes, with one writing: ‘For a teenager to openly admit she lets her siblings eat rather than her is a damming indictment of Britain in 2022. ‘Tories should be ashamed this is happening ok their watch. Instead, Tories demand inquiries into leaked tax affairs.’ Another added: ‘I hope every politician is being made to watch this, kids watching parents not eat and deciding to leave food in the cupboard for younger siblings is heartbreaking.’ The special Panorama episode comes after food bank providers said they are ‘deeply concerned about the scale of suffering’ across the UK and have warned they are struggling to keep up with ‘relentless’ demand. Many are reaching breaking point as families struggle through the cost-of-living crisis, according to the Independent Food Aid Network (IFAN). The group of more than 550 independent food banks has called on the Prime Minister and Chancellor to act urgently to combat ‘rapidly rising levels of poverty, destitution and hunger’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 