A dad who allegedly stabbed a burglar to death after he found him raiding his home faked fears his family were ‘in danger’ to justify the violence, a court has heard. Karl Townsend, 32, and his half-brother Jamie Cunningham, 23, are said to have armed themselves with ‘large knives’ after being alerted to a break-in by his smart doorbell camera system on the evening of October 29 last year. The pair, who were at their parents’ house nearby, rushed to the property on Beechwood Avenue, Liverpool, finding 31-year-old Jordan Brophy and two unidentified accomplices. Prosecutors say Townsend repeatedly stabbed Brophy in the face and neck so hard that the blade broke twice, leaving shards embedded in his brain, and pierced his jugular vein, causing ‘catastophic blood loss’ that killed him ‘almost instantaneously’. The defendant is accused of ‘lying through his teeth’ as claimed the intruders had attacked him with a knife, telling detectives that his actions were ‘only ever in defence of myself, my family and the property’. Jurors at Liverpool Crown Court were told Townsend was aware that his partner, Amelia Rigby, and their child were out at the time of the incident. He is also said to have acted suspiciously in the aftermath, disposing of a broken numberplate in a nearby street, and made a second 999 call more than 40 mnutes after his other brother, Sean, first alerted police to the incident. CCTV footage showed the three burlgars and a getaway driver arriving outside the house in a black hatchback before Brophy climbed over a side gate at 6.33pm. Brophy was seen using a stone to smash a side door window and enter with his two accomplices, while Ms Rigby was walking up the street with her child and dog. At 6.35pm, Townsend made a call to Ms Rigby lasting 19 seconds – after which she walked ‘away from her home address’, the court was told. Prosecuting, Richard Pratt QC said: ‘You may think it is blindingly obvious that by the end of that phone call he knew she was not at home and more than that, she knew not to go home.’ Mr Pratt said CCTV showed both brothers were armed with knives as they entered, and that one of the unnamed burglars was also armed as he left. What happened inside the home was not captured on camera, but 24 seconds after Townsend and his brother stepped inside, the burglars were seen exiting through the side door. In footage captured immediately afterwards, Brophy could be heard shouting ‘I can’t see’. Townsend’s car was then seen leaving the street, at which point he called another man ‘at a time when he would claim to be consumed with concern for the wellbeing of his partner and child’, Mr Pratt added. Mid-call, the car returned and smashed into a garden wall outside a neighbouring house. The court was told he could then be heard ‘addressing Jordan Brophy and accusing him of robbing his house’ as the dying man’s accomplices tried to get him into their car. Neighbour Rachel Blaney rang 999 and, referring to Townsend by name, said she saw him punching a man ‘pinned up’ against a car. Mr Pratt said: ‘If her account is correct, there can be no serious question of self-defence. He was not simply being punched. He was being stabbed repeatedly. He was unarmed and defenceless. He was also gravely wounded. ‘He posed, we say, no serious danger to anyone – let alone to a man with a knife in his hand, even if the knife had already been broken.’ Comments between Cunningham and Ms Rigby were captured after Sean Townsend phoned 999 at 6.41pm and left the phone connected. Jurors were told that Ms Rigby could be heard saying: ‘They must’ve knew I was out – imagine if I was in there.’ Mr Pratt said Cunningham did not respond by saying ‘but we thought you were in the house Amelia’ or ‘anything like it’, despite later telling detectives he and his brother thought she may have been inside. He added: ‘In that perhaps unguarded moment Jamie Cunningham reveals that he was very much a part of what had happened to Jordan Brophy.’ Jurors were told Townsend went to nearby Pendleton Green, where police later found a broken registration plate in a bush. Mr Pratt added: ‘Why would this shocked man, who has done no more than to defend himself, feel the need to dispose of a broken registration plate?’ At 7.24pm, Townsend called 999 to make ‘his own complaint’, the prosecutor continued, adding: ‘Put simply, the prosecution case is he is lying through his teeth.’ Townsend and Cunningham, both of Penmann Crescent, Halewood, deny murder and possessing a bladed article. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.