Amir Khan has revealed that he was the victim of a robbery at gunpoint on Monday night in the east London area of Leyton. The former world champion boxer tweeted about the incident, explaining that he was walking with his wife Faryal Makhdoom when two men ran at him as he crossed the road. A gun was pointed in his face and his watch was taken, but Khan and Makhdoom escaped safely, despite the terrifying ordeal. Khan tweeted: ‘Just had my watch taken off me at gun point in East London, Leyton. ‘I crossed the road with Faryal, luckily she was few steps behind me. Two men ran to me, he asked for my watch whist having a gun pointed in my face. The main thing is we’re both safe.’ There is speculation over whether Khan is set to step into the boxing ring again or retire after his crushing defeat to Kell Brook in February, when the Olympic medallist was stopped in the sixth round of the one-sided affair. The 35-year-old was linked with a fight against Conor Benn and was ringside as the 25-year-old destroyed Chris van Heerden at the weekend to take his record to 21-0. That would hardly represent an appealing bout for the British boxing public, with Khan seemingly way past his best and Benn rapidly improving towards world level. Benn, himself, is reluctant to push for the fight. When asked if a meeting with Khan would happen, he said: I don’t think so. ‘He’s done what he needed to do. I saw a few articles saying that he fancied a fight with me, so I thought we would get him in there to express those feelings, which weren’t there. ‘It’s fine. I’m on a different trajectory in my career and the only way is up. I’ll fight anyone who is put in front of me.’ MORE : Teen boxer dubbed ‘next Amir Khan’ dies in car crash aged 18 MORE : Eddie Hearn mocks Frank Warren over Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte undercard: ‘You buy a Rolls Royce and you can’t afford to put the petrol in’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 