The MP accused of watching porn in the House of Commons in full view of two female colleagues has been named as the Tories’ Neil Parish. Mr Parish, who represents Tiverton and Honiton, has been suspended from the parliamentary party while he is investigated, a spokesperson for the Tory Chief Whip revealed on Friday. Speculation had been rampant since the two Conservative women MPs recalled the incident at a closed meeting during a discussion about sexual harassment on Tuesday. It quickly became apparent the target of the allegations was another Tory, although party chiefs had previously refused to name him. Hours after the furore erupted on Wednesday, Mr Parish, a 65-year-old grandafther-of-two, downplayed the extent of sexual misconduct by MPs in a live TV broadcast. He appeared to visibly gulp as he was invited to discuss the allegations by GB News’ Darren McCaffrey at the end of an interview about the Ukraine war. Asked whether the whip should be removed from the then-unnamed MP, he replied: ‘I think the whip’s office will do a thorough investigation and we will wait and see that result. From that, then the decision will have to be made what action to be taken.’ Pressed on whether there is a ‘problem with the culture in Parliament’, he continued: ‘You’ve got 650 members of Parliament in what is a very intense area. ‘You are going to get people that step over the line. ‘I don’t think there’s necessarily a huge culture here, but I think it does have to be dealt with and dealt with seriously, and I think that’s what the whips will do.’ He got up in the Commons to ask questions on Thursday, despite the allegations having surfaced 24 hours earlier. One of Mr Parish’s accusers, a minister, is said to have seen him watching the material on his phone as she sat next to him during a select committee hearing. She told colleagues that she thought he was aware he’d been caught but continued watching regardless, according to The Times. The other said she had also seen him watching pornography and unsuccessfully tried to film him as proof of his actions. The chief whip asked them to refer their allegations to parliament’s independent complaints scheme. Mr Parish has since spoken to the Tory chief whip about the allegations and reported himself to the Standards Committee of the House of Commons, according to reports. It means he faces two separate investigations: one by party whips, and one by parliamentary officials. Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper said: ‘If Boris Johnson had any shred of decency left, he would tell Neil Parish to resign immediately. ‘In any other workplace this would count as gross misconduct and the person responsible would lose their job.’ Mr Parish chairs the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee and was first elected in 2010. Responding to the allegations, he said he would ‘cooperate’ fully with the investigation and continue to perform his duties as an MP in the mean time. Writing on his website, Mr Parish said: ‘Following recent allegations regarding an MP’s use of their mobile phone in Parliament, I have referred myself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards in the House of Commons. ‘I will be cooperating fully with any investigation, and whilst it is ongoing I will continue to perform my duties as MP for Tiverton and Honiton.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.