Britney Spears is no stranger to calling out her family on social media, and has now taken aim at her mum Lynne Spears. The pop star, 40, was freed from a conservatorship governed by her family back in 2021 and is getting used to her newfound freedom with luxury trips away and speaking honestly on social media. Having previously sparred with sister Jamie Lynn Spears, and calling out her father for standing over the conservatorship, on Friday the Everytime singer slammed her mother using a scene from Crossroads. Britney starred in the 2002 drama film as teenager Lucy, who sets out to find her mum after being abandoned by her as a child. In her new Instagram post, Britney claimed that what her real-life mother had done to her was ‘worse’. Britney shared the heartbreaking scene which saw her character crying on a bathroom floor after being told by her mother, played by Sex and the City’ star Kim Cattrall, that she was ‘never wanted’ and was a ‘mistake’. Accompanying the clip, Britney wrote in a caption: ‘Scene in a movie I did a ways back. ‘When I realized my whole journey to find my mom … and she doesn’t want to see me !!! I know … PRETTY F*****G SAD !!! ‘Psss I mean it’s actually less worse than what my mom did to me in real life so…(sic)’ The accusations come shortly after Britney’s Instagram disappeared for several hours, sparking concern from fans who wondered whether she had been banned. While the star’s page returned two days later, she hasn’t commented on the reason it had mysteriously vanished. This wasn’t the first time the mum-of-two took time away from the site, as her account was no longer visible for a short period in September. She returned shortly after and explained that she had a break to celebrate her engagement to Sam Asghari. Elsewhere in Britney’s new life free from the conservatorship, there are rumours the Baby One More Time icon could be returning to make more music, six years after the release of her last album Glory. An inside source told The Sun: ‘It is very early days and Britney isn’t putting any pressure on herself to release an album right away or anything, but her team are putting feelers out about the prospect of new music. ‘Several people who she feels comfortable working with have been contacted and asked if they would like to work on music with Britney again and everyone seems pretty keen to be involved.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Lynne for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears shares snaps of Donatella Versace visit prompting fiancé Sam Asghari to dub duo ‘Versacney’ MORE : Britney Spears credits Euphoria for helping her deal with anxiety after end of conservatorship: ‘The show was like meditation’ 