Suffering with the spring sniffles? Maybe you feel like you catch a cold every few weeks. While common colds aren’t particularly debilitating, the coughing, sneezing, headaches and sore throats do take it out of you and can leave you feeling out of sorts and unable to perform at your best for about a week. One or two per year is pretty normal, but if you notice that your sniffling, sneezing and spluttering much more frequently, these constant colds can really become a problem. Particularly in our post-Covid world where certain symptoms can make you a persona non grata. So, how can you cut down on how many annoying colds you catch per year? Kristoffer Ahlerup, marketing director of Enzymatica – the manufacturers of ColdZyme – says it is possible to avoid getting quite so many colds. He has shared his top tips to help reduce your chances of catching the sniffles. ‘There isn’t a secret to not catching a cold, unfortunately. It’s mostly down to common sense,’ says Kristoffer. ‘Cold viruses are collectively referred to as the common cold because they can be caught by everyone, with there believed to be over 200 variants causing minor respiratory viral infections. The NHS states that there’s little evidence to support the use of supplements such as vitamin C, garlic or echinacea in the prevention of colds, or as a way to speed up recovery. ‘So, instead of looking for ways to get rid of your existing cold, taking a look at protective measures to stop a cold in the first place is the closest way to reduce the number of colds you may have each year. ‘A mixture of lifestyle and environmental factors can help.’ ‘And bin any tissues immediately after use,’ adds Kristoffer. ‘Practicing good hygiene to keep germs and viruses at bay should be second nature by now. ‘In addition, keep the spread of germs and viruses to a minimum at bay by not only washing your hands, but disinfecting your home, car and surfaces where applicable.’ We have al become hyper-alert to people coughing and blowing their noses around us, and Kristoffer says it’s useful to be on watch for these symptoms. ‘If yourself or others are displaying cold symptoms, then it’s important to keep a sensible distance, and to avoid crowded places to help prevent the cold virus spreading,’ he says. Kristoffer says this is particularly important if you have come in contact with someone showing signs of a cold virus where mucous may be present – such as through coughing or sneezing. ‘Wash your hands at thoroughly at the earliest opportunity,’ he adds. Another rule that you will probably remember from one of the many lockdowns or one of your isolation stints. ‘If you live with someone who has a cold, avoid sharing any items which you would otherwise usually share such as hand towels, cutlery and cups,’ says Kristoffer. ‘We live busy lives and it can feel hard to find the time to hear your body when it’s telling you to just rest,’ says Kristoffer. ‘If you feel run down, ensure you’re getting plenty of rest in the form of sleep, but that you’re also taking care of your body by exercising and eating a balanced diet. ‘Helping to maintain the body’s ability to function properly is key to keeping well and nurtured.’ ‘If you know your telltale signs of a cold, such as an itchy throat or sore eyes, then taking measures to protect against the common cold can be achieved with products that are designed to capture and deactivate the virus,’ Kristoffer suggests. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to spring clean your wardrobe MORE : How to tile a wall MORE : Enmeshment: What to do if you’ve become ‘enmeshed’ in a relationship