Simon Cowell is reportedly planning to bring back the X Factor after the network confirmed there were ‘no current plans’ to revive it. The annual talent series – which saw a number of rotating stars on the judging panel including Robbie Williams, Cheryl, Gary Barlow, Nicole Scherzinger, Sharon Osbourne, and Louis Walsh – was scrapped by ITV in July 2021. Although the popular programme suffered dwindling viewership, the music mogul is supposedly planning to modernise the music competition across the pond. A source said: ‘The X Factor is far from dead in America. Simon always felt the show needed some rest and some revamping.’ The American version saw Britney Spears, Demi Lovato, Kelly Rowland, and Simon on the judging panel. The Sun claims that the 62-year-old entrepreneur and producers are thinking about how the show can ‘appeal to a wider audience’. Season one of The X Factor USA was hosted by British presenter Steve Jones.  Reality star Khloe Kardashian and actor Mario Lopez took over hosting duties in the following series. Over the years, the UK edition of the show discovered some of the world’s best-loved musical talent, including Olly Murs, Little Mix and Leona Lewis. At its peak, the programme delivered some iconic moments from Beyonce performing with Alexandra Burke, the birth of One Direction, and who can forget about Jedward. Simon recently claimed the judges were paid a ‘crazy’ amount during the height of its popularity. ‘The salaries got out of whack,’ he told The Sun. ‘I’d be a hypocrite if I said I hadn’t made a lot of money. But it got too crazy.’ Elsewhere Britain’s Got Talent has made its long-awaited comeback to the small screen after a two-year hiatus. Multiple acts on the programme so far have already sparked cries of ‘fix’ claims from fans, including singer Loren Allred – whose song featured in The Greatest Showman – was given the golden buzzer last weekend. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Simon Cowell and X Factor for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ITV announce new true crime drama The Hunt For Raoul Moat about bringing the violent killer to justice MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Daredevil Houdini act leaves Simon Cowell ‘freaking out’ as he struggles to escape from water tank: ‘Is this part of the act?’ 