James Corden flashed a smile as he was seen for the first time after announcing his Late Late Show exit. The talk show host has fronted the CBS series since 2015 but confirmed on Thursday that he will be stepping down from the job. In a tearful clip, the 43-year-old vowed to ‘go out with a bang’, eight years after he settled into the hot seat. Following the bombshell news, the Gavin and Stacey actor was spotted filling up his car at a gas station in LA on Friday, and grinned for the camera. He opted for a causal look for the outing, donning a black hoodie and jeans, complete with trainers and sunglasses. James took over hosting duties of the Late Late Show in 2015, replacing Craig Ferguson in the job – who had spent 10 years as presenter. Since then, he has enjoyed huge successes with the series and his carpool karaoke segment has become a firm fan favorite. The Cats star will officially bow out in 2023 after agreeing to a one-year extension on his CBS contact. ‘It’s been a really hard decision to leave because I’m so immensely proud of the show. I’m thrilled to be extending [for a year]. I always thought I’d do it for five years and then leave and then I stayed on,’ he said of the news. ‘I’ve really been thinking about it for a long time, thinking whether there might be one more adventure. ‘My bosses here at CBS have been incredibly supportive and extraordinarily patient with me while I made this decision.’ Discussing his next steps and whether he’ll return to the UK with wife Julia Carey and their three children, Max, Carey and Charlotte, he said: ‘It’s something we think about and we talk about a lot but we haven’t really made a decision on that yet. That’s the life side of things which we’ll figure out. I love living here. ‘I love everything it’s given. My family and I have never taken this incredible adventure for granted. Every day I drive down Sunset to work and I just think I’m from High Wycombe.’ James was visibly emotional as he discussed his exit during the latest episode of the acclaimed program, which aired on Thursday night. ‘We are all determined to make this the best year we have ever had making this show. We are going to go out with a bang,’ he insisted. ‘There is going to be Carpools, and Crosswalks, and sketches and other surprises… ‘And there will be tears. There will be so many tears. Cause this has been the hardest decision I’ve ever had to make, it really has. ‘I’ve never taken this job for granted. Ever. Not once. And … the fact that you watch us at home. Or you watch us online. Wherever you are, all over the world. ‘The fact that we get to try and entertain you and spend time with you is an absolute privilege for me and every single person who makes this show.’ ‘Seven and half years ago I started hosting this show and there’s no other way to put it, it has changed my life,” he added. ‘I love it, I love all the people that work here, I am so proud of what we’ve achieved, it’s been beyond my wildest, wildest dreams. ‘When I started this journey it was always going to be just that, a journey, an adventure. ‘I never saw as it as my final destination, and I never want this show to overstay its welcome, I love making it and I really think in a year from now that will be a good time to move on and see what’s out there.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Hammond refuses to fill James Corden’s shoes following shock Late Late Show exit: ‘I’d have to remember lots of names’ MORE : Smitten Katie Holmes kisses Bobby Wooten III on loved-up stroll in New York 