Steve Coogan has accused Will Smith of ‘appalling arrogance’ for slapping Chris Rock at the Oscars, describing the incident as ‘the epitome of all that is twisted and horrible about Hollywood’. Smith later apologised in a statement following the event, claiming Rock’s joke about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith – referencing GI Jane 2 due to her hair loss, which is a result of the medical condition alopecia – had made him react ‘emotionally’. Actor and comedian Coogan discussed the controversial moment during an appearance on BBC Sounds’ Loose Ends with presenter Clive Anderson, sharing his support for Rock. When asked by Anderson whether he had ever seen or experienced something similar during his career, Coogan responded: ‘Well I mean first of all, I thought Hollywood showed itself at its absolute worst. ‘For all the moral posturing that Hollywood has, I think all Hollywood’s moral posturing are always commercial decisions and if they’re “moral”, they’re dressed up as moral but they are always bottom line decisions.’ He then revealed he was siding with fellow actors ‘Rob Reiner and Jim Carrey’, and added that if Rock wants to press charges, it ‘should be academic.’ On Smith’s behaviour, Coogan continued: ‘I think it’s an appalling arrogance, the epitome of everything horrible and twisted about Hollywood. Having said that frankly you either believe in freedom of expression or you don’t… Freedom of expression should be guarded at all costs.’ Carrey previously said he was ‘sickened’ by Smith’s actions, and called Hollywood ‘spineless’ during an appearance on CBS This Morning. Producer, director and actor Reiner added that ‘there is no excuse for what he [Smith] did’. In his own apology, Smith insisted that ‘violence in all its forms is poisonous and destructive’. He has since resigned from the Academy, adding in an accompanying statement: ‘I betrayed the trust of the Academy. I deprived other nominees and winners of their opportunity to celebrate and be celebrated for their extraordinary work. I am heartbroken.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Whoopi Goldberg insists Will Smith’s career ‘will be fine’ amid Oscar slap scandal MORE : Steve Coogan defends Jimmy Savile drama suggesting BBC series could ‘prevent’ history repeating itself MORE : Bad Boys director Michael Bay says Will Smith slapping Chris Rock doesn’t compare to ‘babies getting blown up in Ukraine’