The sister of murdered primary school teacher Sabina Nessa has branded her killer a ‘disgusting animal’ for not facing up to his crime in court. Sex predator Koci Selamaj has refused to come to the dock for a sentencing hearing today. The hearing went ahead in his absence as the court has no power to force him to attend. Selamaj is facing a life sentence with minimum term of 30 years after admitting to murdering Sabina in an ‘extremely violent’ attack on September 17 last year. The Albanian national, 36, targeted Sabina as she walked through Cator Park in Kidbrooke, southeast London, on her way to meet a friend. CCTV footage captured the moment Selamaj attacked her by striking her over the head 34 times with a 2ft-long metal traffic triangle, before carrying her away unconscious. He then pulled up her clothes, removed her tights and underwear and strangled her before covering her body in grass. The court heard how two hours before the murder he had tried to contact his former partner to pressure her to engage in sexual activity. After she refused he drove around Brighton ‘looking for someone to have a sexual encounter with’, said prosecutor Alison Morgan, QC. He then ‘abandoned’ that plan and headed to London. He entered Cator Park shortly after 8pm and lay in wait for half-an-hour before Sabina arrived en route to The Depot bar where she was due to meet a friend. Ms Morgan said it was ‘out of character’ for the year one Rushey Green Primary School teacher to be walking through the park after dark, but ‘she was running late and this was the quickest route to get to the bar’. She was ‘oblivious’ to her killer as he ran up behind her and attacked her on the path near a park bench. The Old Bailey was told Sabina suffered approximately 34 bows to the head, inflicted with such force that pieces of the sign broke off. Selamaj’s actions afterwards were out of camera shot, but Sabina was not seen alive again. Ms Morgan said the defendant asphyxiated her and removed her tights and underwear before trying to cover her body in grass. The prosecution allege there was a sexual motive for killing Sabina, even though there was no ‘positive’ evidence of a sexual assault. Sabina’s body was discovered by a dog walker the next day who  at first thought he was seeing a ‘potato sack’. Her death led to an outpouring of grief across the nation and led to renewed fury over violence against women in the UK. Sabina’s family said their world had been ‘shattered into tiny pieces’ following her murder. Sister Jebina Yasmin Islam said in an impact statement read out in court: ‘Our sister Sabina was way more than just a sister, a daughter, a teacher, she was a life. ‘A life that didn’t deserve to be taken. ‘You snatched her without a second thought. ‘You are not a human, you are a disgusting animal. ‘Our parents are petrified any time one of their girls steps out the house now. ‘In our heads we have these images of what happened and what our sister must have felt when you decided to run after her and attack her when clearly she could not defend herself. ‘You planned this and made sure she was alone. ‘What makes us angry is that you left our sister’s body in an unrespectable manner to fulfil your filthy desires. ‘We just want answers as to why you killed her. ‘Why? ‘Our family will never forget what you did bit we will not let you take anymore from us.’ Selamaj had no previous convictions and no Interpol notices before he murdered Sabina.  But the sentencing hearing heard that the killer had a ‘recent history of violent behaviour towards his ex-wife’ Ionela Ghergishan, including putting his hands around her neck. Ms Ghergishan said his behaviour towards her changed from May 2021 onwards, when he became ‘controlling, coercive and physically aggressive’. She said she left him because she started to ‘fear for her life’, but on the day he killed Sabina, he had got in touch with her to pressure her for sex. The prosecution say Selamaj’s previous violent behaviour should be considered as an ‘aggravated factor’ in deciding his prison term, as well as his attempt to conceal the body. Ms Morgan also alleges the attack ‘did not come about on the spur of the moment’ and there was ‘significant planning’. Three days before the killing, Selamaj booked a room at the five-star Grand Hotel in Eastbourne, the town where he already had accommodation. His reservation was for the night of September 17 and he arrived earlier in the day to check in. Before leaving the park, he picked up pieces of the warning triangle and used wet wipes to clean a  bench near to where he launched his initial attack. En route back to the south coast, Selamaj stopped in Tunbridge Wells in Kent and dumped the warning triangle in the River Teise. Selamaj arrived back at The Grand Hotel at midnight and checked out in the morning before going to work at an Esso garage in Lewes. He was arrested in the seaside town and charged days later. He refused to comment in police interviews but when he was charged, the Albanian national said: ‘What will happen if I open up now and say everything.’ Mr Justice Sweeney said the ‘inevitable’ sentence would be life in prison, with a starting point of 30 years. He adjourned the sentencing until 10am on Friday. Addressing Selamaj, Sabina’s mother and father said: ‘As a parent, you would never have thought your child would die before you. Not in a way our Sabina died. ‘You had no right to take her away from us in such a cruel way. ‘The moment the police officer came to our house and told her she was found dead our world shattered into pieces. ‘How could you do such a thing to an innocent girl walking by, minding her own business. You are not a human being, you are an animal.’ Sabina’s death came months after the murder of Sarah Everard, sparking further calls for more to be done to make communities safer for women. Lisa Williams, head teacher of the school she worked at, described the ‘devastating’ impact of her murder on staff and pupils. She said Sabina was ‘a happy, hard-working’  teacher who had a ‘fulfilling career ahead of her’. On Ms Nessa’s class of 30 students, she said: ‘For the rest of their lives, these young children will never be able to comprehend why someone murdered their teacher and the world in which they live is not safe for them to play in a park.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 