It’s Saturday, so it’s time for What I Own. Last week, we heard from Rhian, who pays £950 towards the mortgage on her home in Bedfordshire. This time we are chatting to Natalie, who knows a thing or two about property from working as a mortgage broker. She and her husband bought their home in Gloucester with a 10% deposit. This is what Natalie has to say about her experience… Tell us about yourself. I am 41, married to Chris and have two children: Rory who is 11 and Reggie who is four. This year, following redundancy from a high street bank after 16 years, I decided to go self-employed as a mortgage broker for The Mortgage Mum, which is a fantastic space for women to grow and work around their family and children. I now work from home growing my business while, at the same time, being there for my children and husband – not missing out on anything or feeling guilty that I have. Where is your property? What do you think of the area? We live in Longlevens, which is a large village in Gloucester. We absolutely love Longlevens as it’s the perfect place and everything is right on your doorstep.  It’s perfect to walk to the Quays, which has an array of eateries and discounted shops – and is very popular amongst the locals and tourists. The Cotswolds and Forest of Dean are close by for family walks and days out with plenty of places to go paddleboarding and bike riding.  We are three minutes away from the M5, which is important as my husband is from Birmingham. The bus route to Cheltenham is right on our doorstep, which is a beautiful Georgian town with plenty of festivals and shows throughout the year. We did think about moving to Cheltenham – but we couldn’t afford the home we have now in Cheltenham. House prices there are so much higher and we didn’t see the point of this when Cheltenham in only 20 minutes away in the car. My family are spread around Gloucester and easy enough to ride a bike to if needed. When did you move in? In 2014. How much does your property cost? We bought the property for £272,500 and I would now like to think it’s worth more than £400,000. How much was your deposit? £27,250 (10%). What is the monthly cost of living here now; both mortgage and bills? How did you save up for your deposit? Chris had £10,000 from the sale of his previous property and I had £10,000 from my savings. We then saved together for the further £10,000 while renting together with the back-up of mum and dad just in case we couldn’t achieve the full 10% and legal costs. What was the process of getting a mortgage like for you? Did you find any parts challenging? As we didn’t have a property to sell, it took a lot of the stress away. Both Chris and I have mortgage backgrounds and, again, this mitigated the challenges for us. We knew that we needed to have questions prepared and what we might be asked, when applying for the mortgage. However, it’s always a worry when you are waiting on a decision from the underwriters, as you never know what might crop up – which is why it’s aways important to check your credit file before applying for a mortgage and to ensure you get ‘mortgage ready’ beforehand and have all your paperwork together. Where did you live before this – were you renting or living with family? Both my husband and I had our own properties before meeting – and Chris has sold his. I had moved into my grandmas’s old home which I rented through my dad, as the area was better for schools and the property was bigger than my two-bed property. Chris moved in with me and this enabled us to start saving hard for our first property together. What made you want to buy rather than renting? Renting for us is dead-end money. Investing in property – even if it does have its ups and downs – is an investment that you can see, feel and touch. I bought my first home in 2007 and the price of property plummeted as soon as I did and what with being a new build property, even more so.  However, you ride out the storm and luckily for me, when I came to sell, I was able to recoup the deposit I had put down and some. How did you find this property? What made you choose it? When we went to view this property, which we found on Rightmove, the estate agent told us that this would be sold come the weekend.  As this was the first property that we had viewed and weren’t entirely blown away with it initially.  We felt that it was too early to put an offer in. That weekend the property was Sold Subject to Contract (SSTC). A few weeks later, I was still thinking about this property even though it had been SSTC. We were still looking on Rightmove, as you do, and low and behold the property had come back on the market. We went to view the property for the second time and now having seen a few other properties, felt the right time to put an offer in. We loved that the property had potential: the garden was huge and we knew that we could really make this our family home and put our mark on the property. How have you made the property feel like home? When we eventually sold my two-bed property, we were able to extend the kitchen, allowing us more family space and we got rid of a conservatory that leaked every time it rained and modernised it – now it’s the hub of our home. We pulled out the bathroom and en-suite and replaced these with a more modern look and feel. My husband redecorated throughout and wallpapered which has helped save on decorating costs. The boys love the kitchen space, it means that we can always be together chatting, laughing and joking and not shut away from each other. What’s the inspiration for your interior decor style? Classic and modern. I love Farrow and Ball paint and we do like a splash of colour here and there. It’s difficult to have a certain style when you have a family and you will see that we do not have a particular style, as such, we just like what we like. I do enjoy a bit of upcycling and like to buy things that would last rather than be fashionable and throw away.  The next plan is the dining table and chairs but at present that’s my work space, so it will have to wait. What’s your favourite room and why? Chris and I love the garden, it’s so peaceful and full of wildlife and mature plants. Chris does all the work and I sit and watch. Do you feel like you have enough space? Yes, now that we have had the kitchen extension completed, downstairs is perfect. Although Chris still moans about half his garage going. Upstairs could be bigger, but for now, you only sleep up there and both the boys tend to be downstairs with us. Do you have plans to change the property? Rory’s room is the next to be decorated with the living room second.  The two sheds at the back of the garden are pretty much falling down and have huge holes in the roof. We really would like to put a garden room at the back to replace these which could be an office/gym and also hold some of the garden tools. And the driveway will look amazing once paved and landscaped. Are there any problems with the property that you have to deal with? Blocked pipes, water leaks and rewiring – the things you do not think about when buying an older property.  Luckily, though, we have always had good insurance in place. What do you want people to know about buying a home? Think about future costs involved on the property when buying a home. Our 1930s home is an ongoing project, we still can’t afford to have fireplaces and we have been here eight years. There’s always something that needs doing and it’s never cheap. What are your plans for the future, in terms of housing? We are comfortable with the mortgage costs and where we are. We have considered moving and go through moments of looking what’s available on Rightmove – but it would take a pretty special house to take us away from here and we decided to spend the money on this property rather than move.  For now, we are very much settled and happy where we are. Shall we take a look around? MORE : What I Own: Sales manager Tom, who bought his Winchmore Hill flat with Help To Buy MORE : What I Own: Marketing manager Paloma, who put down a £30,000 deposit on her Norbury flat MORE : What I Own: PR director Hannah, who bought a £471,000 property in suburbs of Brighton and has since added value