Russian troops have retreated from Chernobyl returning control of the site to the Ukrainians, authorities said. Ukraine’s state power company, Energoatom, said the pull-out at Chernobyl came after soldiers received ‘significant doses’ of radiation from digging trenches in the forest in the exclusion zone around the closed plant. The exchange of control happened amid growing indications the Kremlin is using talk of de-escalation in Ukraine as cover to regroup, resupply its forces and redeploy them for a stepped-up offensive in the eastern part of the country. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky has warned that Russian withdrawals from the north and centre of the country may be a military tactic. A new round of talks between the countries is due to take place today, five weeks into a conflict that has left thousands dead and driven four million Ukrainians from the country. ‘We know their intentions,’ Mr Zelensky said in his nightly video address to the country. ‘We know that they are moving away from those areas where we hit them in order to focus on other, very important ones where it may be difficult for us.’ ‘There will be battles ahead,’ he added. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) said it had been informed by Ukraine that Russian forces which had been occupying Chernobyl had transferred control of the site back to the Ukrainians in writing. The last Russian troops left the site early this morning, the Ukrainian government agency responsible for the exclusion zone said. Energoatom gave no details on the condition of the soldiers it said were exposed to radiation and did not say how many were affected. The reports that soldiers suffered high does of radiation have not been independently verified. There was no immediate comment from the Kremlin, and the IAEA said it had not been able to confirm the reports. Russian forces seized Chernobyl in the opening stages of the invasion. The capture raised international fears of a second nuclear disaster at the site and that troops may cause damage or disruption that could spread radiation. The IAEA said it was following the situation ‘with grave concern’ and appealed for maximum restraint to avoid any action that may put Ukraine’s nuclear facilities at risk. The still-radioactive site of the 1986 nuclear disaster lies just over 60 miles from the capital of Kyiv. The workforce at the plant oversees the safe storage of spent fuel rods and the concrete-entombed ruins of the reactor. The presence of Russian troops prevented the rotation of the plant’s personnel for a time. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.