Game of Thrones actor Joseph Gatt has denied ‘horrifying and completely untrue allegations’ made against him after he was arrested and accused of ‘engaging in sexually explicit communication with a minor’. In a statement released by the Los Angeles Police Department on Tuesday, it said that they were trying to find any ‘additional victims’ following the arrest of Gatt who lives in Los Angeles. Sharing a picture of the 50-year-old in the press release, the statement said that in the early hours of Wednesday April 6, detectives from the LAPD’s Juvenile Division, Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force served a residential search warrant at his home. The task force had received information that he had ‘been engaged in online sexually explicit communication with a minor across state lines’, with the Thor actor subsequently arrested ‘for an outstanding felony warrant’ for contact with a minor for sexual offense. According to TMZ, Gatt was released on the same day on a $5,000 (£3,811) bail. In a statement shared on Twitter, he responded to the allegations, describing them as ‘completely untrue’, while adding that he was cooperating with the LAPD ‘to get to the bottom of this’. ‘I obviously want to address the absolutely horrifying and completely untrue allegations recently leveled against me,’ he wrote. ‘They are 100% categorically wrong and reckless. I have confirmed errors and misleading information in today’s press release. I am fully cooperating with police and LAPD to get to the bottom of this. I look forward to clearing my good name.’ Gatt thanked his friends and followers for their support, adding: ‘Thank you to all of my friends and supporters who know that this is untrue and understand for legal reasons I cannot comment further on social media.’ In Game of Thrones, Gatt played the role of Thenn Warg, while in Thor, he portrayed Frost Giant Grundroth. He starred as a science officer in the 2013 film Star Trek Into Darkness, while he depicted Neils Skellig in the 2019 live-action adaptation of Dumbo. Metro.co.uk has contacted Joseph Gatt’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From Liam Neeson in Derry Girls to Ed Sheeran in Game Of Thrones – what was the wildest celebrity TV cameo ever? MORE : Maisie Williams admits ‘resenting’ Game of Thrones character Arya while going through puberty 