More than one million parents in the UK now say the chances of them using a food bank in the near future are ‘very likely’. Just last month, Metro.co.uk reported on a 14-year-old collapsing from hunger in a south London food bank, and other Britons turning away potatoes because they can’t afford to boil them. These devastating cases are just a taste of what life is like for Britain’s poorest amid the deepening cost of living crisis. In the next three months alone, one in ten parents – around 1.3 million – say they expect to visit a food bank to cope with their soaring energy bills and inflation. Of those reporting a rise in their household bills, 58% have cut back on heating as a result. One third skipped one or more meals in the past three months to keep up with other essential costs. And one in five (20%) did not cook hot food on at least one occasion because they could not afford to use the oven. The research was released by the food bank charity Trussell Trust, who along with Deliveroo, will provide up to two million meals for people facing hunger. Deliveroo customers can now add a round-up donation to their orders, with all proceeds going to the charity’s food banks. The money will go towards parcels containing at least three days’ worth of food for individuals and families. Trussell Trust chief executive Emma Revie said: ‘Everyone should be able to afford their own food, but as families face the biggest income squeeze in a generation, people are telling us they’re having to make impossible decisions between heating and eating and being forced to turn to food banks to feed themselves. ‘Our new partnership with Deliveroo will help us support food banks to provide emergency food and in-food bank support to thousands of people in immediate crisis, while we work towards our long-term vision of a future where nobody needs to turn to charity to get by.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.