Tim Westwood has stepped down from his show at Capital Xtra following the sexual misconduct allegations. The veteran radio DJ has been accused of opportunistic and predatory sexual behaviour from several women, who have made claims to The Guardian and BBC. A Global spokesperson has since confirmed that the DJ has quit his Capital Xtra show, telling Metro.co.uk: ‘Following the claims that have recently come to light, Tim Westwood has stepped down from his show until further notice.’ The hip hop DJ rejoined Capital Xtra after his exit from BBC Radio in 2013, and hosted a show on Saturday between 7pm-11pm. Westwood, 64, has denied all the allegations with a spokesperson telling both publications they are completely false and denied in their entirety. ‘Tim Westwood strongly denies all allegations of inappropriate behaviour,’ a statement from a representative said. ‘In a career that has spanned 40 years, there have never been any complaints made against him officially or unofficially. Tim Westwood strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing.’ The women, who are all Black, were in their late teens or early 20s when they claim the incidents took place, and claim Westwood abused his position in the music industry to exploit them. The earliest incident reportedly occurred in 1992, while the most recent allegedly happened in 2017. On Tuesday evening, BBC Three aired a documentary, Tim Westwood: Abuse of Power, featuring allegations from seven women. One accuser, named as Isabel, recalled how she ‘froze’ when Westwood allegedly brought out a condom with his face on the packaging before having sex with her. She claimed that they met in central London – not long after she attended a nightclub event where the presenter was promoting his condom line with Durex – before driving to a private property. Sharing her alleged experience, Isabel – whose face was not shown – said in the documentary: ‘He leaves the room and he comes back completely naked,’ the woman alleges in the documentary… ‘That’s when I noticed that he’s got a condom and he’s removed it from the packet and started putting it on. ‘I remember the packet because they had this slogan on it. They had his face on the other side. I remember him throwing it down… ‘I’m trying to move away, he’s not responsive to the fact of that.’ Isabel then claimed that Westwood had sex with her but that she did not vocalise her hesitancy. ‘I was literally frozen. I couldn’t move,’ she said. ‘I just remember feeling so deflated and so sad, and feeling really ashamed of myself and bad.’ In light of the allegations, the BBC has said it has ‘no evidence of complaints’ against Westwood. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC has ‘no evidence of complaints’ against Tim Westwood following ‘shocking’ sexual misconduct allegations MORE : Tim Westwood accuser ‘froze’ as ex Radio 1 DJ ‘brought out condom box with his face on before sex’, BBC documentary claims 