Molly-Mae Hague has shared a behind-the-scenes glimpse at Tommy Fury preparing for his upcoming fight this weekend. The former Love Island star, 22, took to her Instagram story to share snaps of her security pass for the event in Wembley this weekend. She told her followers: ‘Told Tommy to pick his favourite pic of me for this’, along with a laughing emoji. The reality star also showed off her ‘Team Fury’ tracksuit bottoms and suit bag as she travelled to London, before taking a snap of her boyfriend after his weigh-in. Tommy, also 22, is set to face Polish boxer Daniel Bocianski, 27, on Saturday, with a crowd of up to 94,000 people expected to attend. His brother, Tyson Fury, 33, will also be fighting Dillian Whyte, 34, in the main event in a UK homecoming that has been four years in the making. Tommy previously revealed that he wants to put on a ‘masterclass performance’ when he returns to the ring. He told SunSport: ‘I really want people to see that I am a legitimate contender and I want people to walk away from this fight and say, “Wow, who is this guy?” ‘Because what I’m doing in the gym and what I do on fight night, it hasn’t resembled, whereas this time it will. ‘Everything I’m doing in sparring now is all professional, it’s all seasoned work and I’m going to take that into the ring and I’m sure everyone will be gobsmacked with what they see.’ He and Molly-Mae, who he met on Love Island in 2019, also revealed they were relaxing the day before fight night by playing Trivial Pursuit with Tyson and his wife Paris. Sounds like a good night. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague welcomes adorable cats into her new £4,000,000 mansion as renovations continue MORE : Homes Under The Hammer’s Martin Roberts expects to be in hospital for ‘weeks’ after emergency heart surgery 