Adverts for a burger van on social media which caused offence for joking about Madeleine McCann have been banned. The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) investigated after receiving three complaints about a post by The Otley Burger Company, based in Leeds. The ads on Instagram, posted on Mother’s Day on March 27, read: ‘Burgers for dinner? ‘With burgers this good, you’ll leave your kids at home. What’s the worst that could happen. Happy Mother’s Day to all the mums out there.’ The words were accompanied by a picture of Madeleine McCann, who went missing in 2007 in Portugal, and her mum Kate. An edited image of a man in a burglar mask shows him running away with the toddler. The ASA has now banned the advert, deeming it likely the ads could cause distress and serious or widespread offence. The authority said in a statement: The disappearance of Madeleine McCann had been a high-profile and long-running media story which remained widely known. ‘We considered the images of them would be instantly recognisable to many people. ‘We further considered that any reference to a missing child was likely to be distressing, and that in the context of an ad promoting a burger company the distress caused was unjustified.’ The watchdog added the advert ‘further trivialised the circumstances surrounding Madeleine’s disappearance and made light of a distressing news story concerning reports of child abduction and serious crime’. It further noted the timing of posting it on Mother’s Day ‘was likely to have compounded the distress of those who saw the ads, and particularly for those who may have experienced the disappearance of a child’. The ASA concluded: ‘For those reasons, we concluded that the ads were likely to cause unjustified distress and serious and widespread offence. ‘We told The Otley Burger Company to ensure they avoided causing serious and widespread offence and distress.’ Twitter, Facebook and Instagram were asked by the ASA to remove the content and suspend the account pending its investigation. Meta, which owns Facebook and Instagram, said it had removed the content for violating its policies and had placed restrictions on the account. Twitter said the tweet had been deleted. In response The Otley Burger Company, which has around 7,000 followers on Instagram, said all the ads had been removed and would not be appearing again. The post had split audiences online, with some calling it ‘unacceptable’, ‘sick’ and ‘absolutely disgusting’ and even called for the burger joint to be shut down. Others claimed it was ‘just a bit of fun’. Owner Joe Scholey, 29, said he had received death threats for the joke – but refused to apologise. The ASA warned ads must not contain anything that is likely to cause serious or widespread offence, and advertisers must not use a shocking claim or image to attract attention. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.