In news that will surprise absolutely no one, Piers Morgan used the introduction for his new TalkTV show to make a scathing dig at Meghan Markle and Prince Harry. Just over a year ago, Piers exited Good Morning Britain after harshly criticising the Duchess of Sussex’s interview with Oprah Winfrey, refusing to apologise for saying he didn’t believe she suffered suicidal thoughts. The broadcaster has spoken out against the couple on several occasions, calling them out once again in the first episode of Piers Morgan Uncensored, a programme on which he promised he would ‘cancel cancel culture’ as part of his ‘mission statement’. In his opening statement, Piers, 57, promised that he would ‘defeat this insidious, joyless societal scourge, with those most effective of democracy-preserving weapons – common sense, and truth’. ‘And that’s the truth, by the way, not your truth. And definitely not Princess Pinocchio’s truth,’ he added, as an image of Meghan with a Pinocchio nose superimposed onto her face appeared on the screen next to him. Addressing his viewers, Piers said that he will ‘always fight your corner’ and will ‘always have your back’ – that is, unless you’re deemed as ‘illiberal liberals who want to wreck anyone with an opinion you’ve ruled as offensive’. The presenter condemned people who have ‘hounded good men and women out of their jobs and reputations because they tweeted something you didn’t like’. He then lashed out at ‘hypocrite celebrities’, who he believes ‘preach one thing, while doing the complete opposite themselves’ while promoting ‘equality’. ‘I think you know the type, right, your royal highness?’ he quipped, as a photo of Prince Harry was placed alongside him. Several people watching the show were hardly surprised that it took Piers a mere few minutes before bringing up the Sussexes. ‘Took Piers Morgan only 5 minutes before mentioning Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on his new show,’ one person tweeted alongside a cry-laughing emoji, as someone else replied: ‘He’s obsessed.’ ‘4 minutes for Piers Morgan to mention Meghan and Harry on his new show “I’m GoNnA cAnCeL cAnCeL cUlTuRe”’ another wrote mockingly. During Piers’ interview with Donald Trump for TalkTV, the former US President expressed his view that Harry is ‘whipped like no person I think I’ve ever seen’. ‘I’m not a fan of Meghan, I’m not a fan, and I wasn’t right from the beginning. I think poor Harry is being led around by his nose,’ he stated. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV weeknights at 8pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Gervais surprises Piers Morgan with good luck message in unexpected cameo during TalkTV launch MORE : When did Piers Morgan quit Good Morning Britain and why did he storm off? 