Former Oasis and Beady Eye rocker Paul Arthurs aka Bonehead has been diagnosed with tonsil cancer. The musician, who performs with Liam Gallagher, announced the devastating news on Tuesday via Twitter, explaining that he will have to pull out of upcoming gigs. Arthurs, 56, wrote in his statement: ‘Just to let you all know I’m going to be taking a break from playing for a while. ‘I’ve been diagnosed with tonsil cancer, but the good news is it’s treatable and I’ll be starting a course of treatment soon.’ He continued: ‘I’ll keep you posted how it’s going, I’m gutted I’m missing the gigs with Liam and the band. Have the best summer and enjoy the gigs if you’re going, I’ll see you soon xxx.’ Passing on his well wishes, Liam told his longtime bandmate: ‘Sending BIG love to the 1 n only Bonehead and his family wishing you a speedy recovery we’re all thinking of you rasta you’ll be back on stage bfore you can say r we doing Colombia LG x.’ Former Oasis star Andy Bell also commented: ‘Get well soon Bone.’ According to Cancer Research UK, cancer of the tonsil develops in the part of the throat just behind your mouth, called the oropharynx. It is a type of head and neck cancer. Symptoms often include a painless neck lump and a sore throat. Arthurs is a founding member of former rock band Oasis, alongside Liam and his estranged brother Noel Gallagher, Paul McGuigan and Tony McCarroll. Other members included Gem Archer, Alan White and Bell. The guitarist contributed to the band’s early success with number one albums Definitely Maybe, (What’s The Story) Morning Glory?, and Be Here Now. However, he quit in 1999 while Oasis were recording their fourth album Standing On The Shoulders of Giants, in order to spend time with his children. He continued to perform with Liam over the years, including in his band Beady Eye and on his solo projects. Last summer, the pair performed together during Liam’s headlining sets at Reading and Leeds festivals. In a 2016 interview with the Shropshire Star, Arthurs reflected on the band’s success and infamous rivalry between the Gallagher brothers which eventually caused Oasis to disband in 2009. ‘Generally you’re big boys and it’s forgotten the next morning,’ he said of Liam and Noel’s arguments. ‘I had a good relationship with everyone. And I’m closer to Liam now than I’ve ever been in my life. I always used to say I was the rhythm guitarist and tour psychiatrist. ‘If there was a little fallout when we were hurling down the motorway, I’d be the one pulling Noel and Liam apart and telling them to get over it and sit down. I always did jump in.’ MORE : Chaos at Molly-Mae Hague’s £4,000,000 mansion as water leaks from ceiling: ‘The roof is saturated!’ MORE : Peter Andre has shot campaign film with son Junior about online grooming as he admits he’s ‘terrified’ of internet dangers for his kids 