All children in England aged between five and 11 are now eligible for a low-strength dose of the Covid-19 vaccine, after the green light was given for this in February. Until now, only children in the age group who are deemed at-risk or live with immunosuppressed people are offered a jab. However, health experts decided to expand the rollout to this age group in England following a lengthy review of the costs and benefits. If you have a child in that age group and want to book a jab for them, here’s what you have to do. If you want to book a Covid vaccine for a child in that age group, you can do so via the NHS website. Appointments will be available at hundreds of sites from Monday, while more will be made available online throughout the week. You can book one either via the online booking service at the above link, or by calling 119. There will also be walk-in appointments available at sites up and down the country – while others may be invited by their GP to attend for the jab. Most appointments for the age group will be available at vaccination centres or community pharmacies outside of school hours. The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) recommended ministers go ahead with opening up vaccines to younger children, despite the fact only a ‘very small number’ of young people infected with coronavirus develop serious illness. Mr Javid stressed the safety of the vaccine, adding: ‘Children without underlying health conditions are at low risk of serious illness from Covid-19 and the priority remains for the NHS to offer vaccines and boosters to adults and vulnerable young people, as well as to catch-up with other childhood immunisation programmes. ‘The NHS will prepare to extend this non-urgent offer to all children during April so parents can, if they want, take up the offer to increase protection against potential future waves of Covid-19 as we learn to live with this virus.’ MORE : How to talk to your children about getting the Covid-19 vaccine Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below