An unimpressed great-grandmother-to-be stormed out of a gender reveal party after realising the newborn would not be named after her. Elena Diaz was so convinced that the baby would be a girl that she had bought pink gifts ahead of the event earlier this month. Amusing footage shows Elena spectacularly failing to hide her disappointment in Florida as other members of the family celebrate the news that it will in fact be a boy. The sassy Gran was said to be ‘over the moon’ when her granddaughter Daniela Florez, 26, told her about the pregnancy and promised to name the baby after her if they were female. And Elena, 83, was convinced that the newcomer – due on the same day she was born – would be a girl. But amusing footage of the event on April 2 shows she was surprised as blue confetti and smoke canons heralded a male arrival. The family start jumping with joy and cuddling each, but amid the jubilation, gran-of-six Elena can be seen scowling, throwing her hands in the air and shaking her head. Despite people rushing to hug her, she shrugs them off and storms over to sit on a bench. The mum-to-be describes her beloved grandmother as a ‘character’ and an ‘amazing woman’ and said her reaction was short-lived – adding that she is now looking forward to the boy’s arrival. But the video has gone viral nonetheless, racking up millions of likes comments and shares. Daniela, from Miami, said: ‘My grandmother is very much like that. ‘She’s a character and loves to get reactions out of people, so that’s just the way she is. ‘I’m the first grandchild that’s giving her a great-grandchild, so it was a very big deal for her. ‘She actually has a necklace with her name and she was like “I’m going to give it to her”.’ Daniela continued: ‘When she saw that it was a boy that’s why to her it was like “no”, you know, it was a total bummer because she really was very excited for the girl. ‘She had a one-minute tantrum. Honestly, it was only that moment that we recorded. After that, she went back into the house and she just laughed it off.’ The health coach said that the promise she made to her grandmother still stands and if she ever has a girl, she’ll be named Elena. Daniela added: ‘Because everyone was hugging us I had no idea [of her reaction] and then they showed me the video and I just laughed and was like “oh my god, of course she would get like that”.’ The granddaughter claims she sarcastically told her Elena that she had ‘ruined’ her gender reveal video. Elena also has ended up buying a new towel set for the baby – in blue instead of pink. Daniela and two of her siblings were raised by her grandmother and she has been living with her for her whole life. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Nicola Adams and Ella Baig reveal baby’s gender after confirming pregnancy news: ‘All the ups and downs were worth it in the end’