Sharon Osbourne went to therapy for nine months following her axe from US TV, which she believes saved her life. The TV panellist, 69, exited The Talk following allegations of racism last year, after Sharon became very vocal about Piers Morgan’s comments about Meghan Markle. Her behaviour was criticised and TV bosses said the incident was ‘upsetting for everyone involved.’ Sharon took a break from the spotlight for much of last year before returning to screens in 2022 with a new show, also titled The Talk, on recently-launched channel TalkTV. The former X Factor judge has now revealed that, for three months after getting the sack, she didn’t go anywhere but to see her therapist. During a debate on The Talk tonight, Sharon agreed with comments made by Prince Harry that more people in the UK should have therapists and going to therapy regularly should be normalised. Sharon then got candid about her own experiences, saying she ‘wouldn’t be here today’ if she didn’t have therapy. ‘I had therapy in America for nine months and the only place I went for three months was to the therapist. I wouldn’t go out,’ she began. When asked whether she would’ve ‘got through’ that period in her life if she didn’t have a therapist, Sharon candidly said: ‘I don’t think so, no.’ ‘All I could think of was, that everything I’ve done in my life, and this was the end, this is how people are going to remember me as, that’s what they’re going to know me as, being called a racist,’ she added, saying the consequences were ‘devastating’ for her and her family. When quizzed by Vanessa Feltz on what kind of therapy she had, Sharon explained the ketamine treatment she had three times a week, while a medically trained therapist listened as she was made to ‘want to talk’. ‘It puts you in a place where you’re in comfort, you’re not nervous, you’re not embarrassed about what you want to say. It puts you in a place of complete calm. ‘He will talk to you and you answer. They call it the “truth drug” because you can’t lie on it,’ she said. Sharon added that she would say ‘amazing things’ but only realised later on, since she couldn’t remember and the sessions were recorded. ‘I honestly believe that, if I hadn’t done that, then I wouldn’t be sat here today. ‘I’ve always had a terrible, terrible depression problem. I’ve tried to top myself so many times, I’ve given up trying. But it’s like, I’ve had a problem mentally probably since I was a child.’ Sharon is now part of the TalkTV team, along with pal Piers, following its highly-anticipated launch this week. However, the ratings aren’t so great, with Sharon’s segment plummeting to just 20,000 viewers on the second night. But, that isn’t stopping Sharon from sharing everything on her show, as she’s been discussing her plastic surgery mishaps and even how she found President Vladimir Putin attractive. The Talk airs weeknights at 9pm on TalkTV. MORE : Benedict Cumberbatch shares update after pledging to take in Ukrainian refugees: ‘I want to give them some stability’ MORE : Alan Carr calls tour ‘therapy’ after split from husband Paul Drayton: ‘We’ve been through so much’ 