Manchester United have thanked Arsenal fans following their show of support for Cristiano Ronaldo after the tragic death of his baby son. The United striker and his partner Georgina Rodriguez were expecting twins, but announced earlier this week that their boy had died during childbirth, while their daughter survived. Ronaldo subsequently missed the Premier League game against Liverpool on Tuesday after being granted compassionate leave. United and Liverpool fans came together at Anfield as they held a minute of applause to show support for Ronaldo and his partner. In response, Ronaldo posted a message of thanks, which read: ‘One world… One sport… One global family… Thanks, Anfield. Me and my family will never forget this moment of respect and compassion.’ Ronaldo made his comeback on Saturday as United travelled to the Emirates Stadium for a pivotal clash in the race for fourth place. As their Liverpool counterparts did in midweek, Arsenal’s support rose as one in the seventh minute, Ronaldo’s shirt number, to acknowledge his loss. United recognised the gesture on Twitter with a message which read: ‘A classy gesture from Arsenal supporters, with applause for @Cristiano in the seventh minute.’ It was, however, a miserable start to the afternoon for the United forward as the Gunners raced into a 2-0 lead thanks to goals for Nuno Tavares and Bukayo Saka. Ronaldo, however, hauled his ailing side back into the contest in the 33rd minute, poaching at the far post to register the 100th goal of his Premier League career. Clearly emotional after the landmark strike, Ronaldo pointed to the heavens and later posted a picture of his celebration, accompanied with a heart emoji. United had the chance to complete a comeback shortly before the hour mark, but Ronaldo passed up the opportunity to take a penalty and his compatriot Bruno Fernandes struck the outside of the post. Asked why United’s top goalscorer declined to take the crucial spot kick, United’s interim manager Ralf Rangnick said after the game: ‘I spoke with him after the game and asked him. ‘He said he just didn’t feel he should take it and that’s why he said it would be better if Bruno took it.’ MORE : Robbie Savage disagrees with Gary Neville’s praise of Manchester United youngster Hannibal Mejbri after Liverpool defeat MORE : Rio Ferdinand gives Erik ten Hag six-point plan to save Man Utd For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 