From tomorrow, the government’s new calorie labelling legislation – which will see menus in restaurants and cafes feature the number of calories in each dish – comes into force. While some businesses, like Wetherspoons and McDonald’s, have included calorie counts on their menus for some time, it is only now that all out-of-home food businesses will be required to include them by law. The law was introduced as an anti-obesity measure – it’s meant to help consumers to ‘make informed, healthier decisions,’ according to the government. But the initiative has faced backlash, with concerns stemming from how including calorie labels on menus might trigger people with eating disorders (who have an obsession with the amount of calories they consume) and foster warped and disordered relationships with food and calories. Eating disorder charity BEAT condemned the move, saying that ‘calorie counts on menus won’t prevent obesity, but they will harm people with eating disorders’. The general public seems to agree: a GMB Twitter poll asking whether the move will help prevent obesity received 83.1% ‘no’ votes. And last year, 83% of hospitality bosses also opposed the legislation, with one saying that customers go to pubs for a relaxed atmosphere and ‘know that their choices are not necessarily healthy ones.’ This is something London-based Rachael, 22, feels strongly about. ‘I was in and out of hospital in my teens with acute anorexia, so calorie counting unfortunately cast a dark shadow over a large period of my adolescence,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Now, even as someone who has been recovered for the best part of a decade, my heart drops when I see the calorie count on a menu. ‘Something abstract and a chance to escape and just enjoy a simple meal, now has the power to induce anxiety.’ Although Rachael says that she’s in a place where she feels far from relapsing, she worries about people who are earlier in their recovery journey. ‘People who are in therapy being taught that food does not have to be dictated by calories, are now having their disordered thinking reinforced everywhere that they go,’ she says. ‘Quite frankly, this is going to trigger swathes of people just trying to enjoy a normal life – is there any evidence that it’s going to have a positive impact whatsoever?’ James Davis, a psychologist, personal trainer and sports nutritionist, agrees. ‘[Labelling calories on menus] might mean that someone with an eating disorder will try to divide their portion, skip it altogether, or spend the rest of the day worrying about their overall calorie intake,’ he tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It could also trigger feelings of shame and anxiety, because they’re used to controlling their calorie intake themselves and it might feel like this is a meal choice out of their control.’ It was this lack of control when eating out that actually aided Rachael’s recovery. ‘When I was in recovery, I knew the calories in almost everything in my own kitchen, so going out for meals was terrifying, because I had to give up that sense of control I had at home,’ she says. ‘But it was also immensely freeing, and an important part of my recovery journey. ‘Meals with family allowed me to divorce food from a calorie count: I relinquished that control, I enjoyed food as food…and nothing terrible happened. ‘I can’t stress how important this was: eventually gaining confidence to go and eat with friends, and see food as something positive and not the enemy, helped me back on the path to a normal life.’ While Davis does see the move as a ‘step forward’ in helping people better understand nutrition, he says that, even for people with no history of disordered eating, including calories on menus will be confusing at best. ‘Most people are aware of calories, but not necessarily aware of their own daily calorie needs, so the information can be meaningless, or worse confusing,’ he tells Metro.co.uk. ‘For example, if you don’t know how many calories you need to eat, is 800 calories for a dish good? Bad? You’re not sure. ‘Knowing the calories for what’s on a particular menu is one thing, but you also need to relate to what else you’re consuming that day, and how that particular menu item fits into that.’ As Davis says, being able to see calories on a menu means nothing by way of public health if there isn’t also a broader understanding of nutrition in general, including how much energy you need to consume for whatever reason – which differs greatly from person to person based on how much somebody exercises, what their job entails as well as their height, weight and body composition. ‘I’d love to see a greater public health initiative to empower people with basic nutritional knowledge so they can make their own informed choices,’ says David. ‘The calories on menu approach only really works if the consumer understands how this fits into their overall lifestyle.’ For some people, like 28-year-old Jasmine, from Bedford, who has a healthy relationship with food and counts calories as a means to meet a fitness goal, being able to see calories on menus could be seen as a positive. ‘Right now my aim is body recomposition meaning I’m building muscle and calorie counting to ensure I lose fat too,’ Jasmine tells Metro.co.uk. ‘At home, this means weighing food and sticking to my set meals. ‘Whilst some may say this is boring, it’s helping me take control of my health and I’m seeing a lot of improvements, but it does make it hard to eat out. ‘I find myself doing a lot of guesswork and probably over or underestimating the calories I consume when socialising with friends out and about.’ However, she adds, while calories on menus will doubtless make life easier for her in terms of reaching a goal, this is because she understands nutrition and can read those labels in the context of her daily needs, as Davis said, and she doesn’t have a disordered relationship with food. ‘After having a complicated relationship with food myself and watching others around me suffer, I feel the benefit I would receive is nowhere near equal to the pain and damage it could cause others,’ Jasmine says. Being able to see calories on menus might take some getting used to. If you’re lucky enough not to have a disordered relationship with food, it’s still important to learn how this new legislation might affect your life, and how to cope if you find it overwhelming, confusing or triggering. ‘Don’t be overly worried about the calories of your menu choice – life is to be enjoyed and is about balance – calories are not something to obsess over,’ says Davis. ‘If you’re eating out every night, then yes, you should take more care, but for the occasional meal out, don’t get hung up and enjoy it.’ Context is everything. If you want to take calorie counts in restaurants into account, it’s important to understand how this fits into your daily needs. Davis says: ‘Be aware of your overall daily calorie needs so you’re comfortable making an informed choice from the menu knowing how that fits into your day.’ While, in some circumstances, it’s good to know how many calories you’re eating, there’s a lot more to be gained from understanding the actual nutritional make-up of your food. ‘The quality of the food we’re eating, and the macronutrient blend is also important,’ says David. ‘Your body will utilise 500 calories of raw organic spinach very differently to 500 calories of jelly babies, for example. ‘Remember that the calories of one meal aren’t the be all and end all. ‘The type of food, quality, make-up of the macronutrients all play a role as well.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Tess Daly ‘refuses to count calories’ and won’t teach her young daughters to either MORE : Girl with rare fast-growing skin condition needs 2,100 calories and three-hour baths daily MORE : Team GB nutritionist shares five low-cost healthy recipes