Viewers of Pointless were left emotional after an episode Tom Parker appeared in aired after his death aged 33. The Wanted star, who had been battling a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour, had filmed for the show with bandmate Max George late last year. The episode was brought forward to air in the first slot after his death on Wednesday, a decision which was made with the ‘full support and blessing of Tom’s family’, a voiceover informed. Tom and Max had taken part in the show to raise vital funds for The Brain Tumour Charity and Brain Research UK, a cause close to both of their hearts after Tom’s diagnosis. A BBC spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘In a tribute to Tom Parker who sadly passed away this week, his episode of Pointless Celebrities, which was recorded late last year, was brought forward with the full support and blessing of Tom’s family.’ Tom and Max impressed with their turn on the show, managing to win by finding a Pointless answer in the final round, winning £2,500 for their chosen charities. Viewers were left in tears after seeing Tom’s bravery to take part in the show with his characteristic cheeky humour in full force, despite being in the midst of treatment for brain cancer. They tweeted: ‘Anyone else crying….  #pointless #thegreatTomParker xx’ and ‘It’s so emotional seeing Tom Parker on #pointless.’ Others added: ‘This is probably the saddest #pointless episode I have ever watched’ and ‘This is a difficult thing to watch R.I.P. #TomParker.’ At the end of the show a card was shown reading ‘Tom Parker 1988-2022’, with a photo of him smiling on the episode. Tom died on Wednesday after revealing he had been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer in October 2020. He had battled the brain tumour until the end, even travelling to Spain with wife Kelsey for specialist treatment in the hope of prolonging his life. Kelsey had confirmed the news of his death, writing on Instagram: ‘Our hearts are broken. ‘Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout. He fought until the very end. We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children.’ The dad of two died with his family and bandmates surrounding him and leaves behind his wife, daughter Aurelia, two, and son Bodhi, one. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted’s hit song Gold Forever re-enters charts after Tom Parker’s death from brain cancer aged 33 MORE : ‘I’m heartbroken beyond words’: The Wanted star Max George breaks silence after Tom Parker’s death in emotional tribute 