BBC News reporter Clive Myrie is back in Ukraine after fleeing the war-torn country last month. The esteemed presenter first hit the ground in Ukraine following Russia’s invasion in February, which was ordered by President Vladimir Putin. Myrie had provided regular updates from the devastated country, often appearing on BBC News from the capital of Kyiv alongside the outlet’s chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet. In March, the reporter revealed to followers on Twitter that he was fleeing Ukraine and returning to the UK, travelling to Romania via Moldova. He had promised at the time that he would return to the warzone. Now Myrie has stayed true to his word, as he reported from the ground for BBC News on Wednesday to give a first-hand account of the continued devastation. Fans became aware that Myrie had returned as he posted a photograph of the sunset in Kyiv to Twitter, tagging the BBC in the photograph. He was praised by viewers for his work, with one follower saying they always found it ‘strangely reassuring when you are reporting’ from Ukraine. ‘Amazed you are back there already,’ another said. ‘Love the commitment to providing us all with the facts.’ ‘Powerful, truthful reporting,’ one wrote. ‘Thank you so much for bearing witness for us. It must be hard to see these things.’ Others expressed concern for Myrie’s safety, with one Twitter user admitting they were ‘gutted’ to see the reporter back in Kyiv. They added: ‘Please stay safe while you are out there reporting it.’ Another wrote: ‘As I climb into my bed, I count my blessings that however bad things are here in the UK, we are safe. ‘Thank you for your calm, objective and compassionate report on the news tonight. I send you love and thanks. Stay safe.’ This week, Myrie opened up on a report of his which went viral after viewers noticed a tear trailing down his cheek during a report from Ukraine. On Thursday 24 February, the day that Russia invaded Ukraine, Myrie presented BBC News at 10, updating viewers on the latest attacks. At one point in the report, a tear could be seen falling down the news reporter’s cheek, prompting several people on Twitter to share their support for the 57-year-old, with one writing: ‘Seeing Clive Myrie cry on the BBC news will stay with me for some time.’ However, while Myrie admitted it had ‘been an emotional day,’ he explained that the wind had in fact caused the tear to roll down his cheek. ‘The wind blew across my face and through my eyes and a single tear came out,’ he said. ‘So I’m not saying that I was crying for Ukraine, because the wind was blowing. What I will say is that it was an emotional day, and that’s it.’ Elsewhere on the same Behind The Headlines podcast interview, Myrie insisted that it is ‘nonense’ when journalists are seen as ‘heroes’. ‘We’re not trying to be heroes. We’re just doing our job,’ he said, adding that ‘no story is worth dying for’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC’s Clive Myrie opens up on moment a ‘single tear’ fell down his cheek during Ukraine report: ‘It was an emotional day’ MORE : Clive Myrie returns for second Have I Got News For You hosting gig and knows what jokes not to make: ‘I’ve cut all the jokes about Ian’s wife’ 