Russia has announced it will end its long-held cooperation with Western countries on the International Space Station (ISS) until sanctions are lifted. The head of the country’s space agency said it will no longer work with its partners, including NASA and the European Space Agency, on the orbiting laboratory. The move was revealed by the chief of Roscosmos, Dmitry Rogozin, on Twitter. Rogozin said: ‘Sanctions from the US, Canada, the European Union and Japan are aimed at blocking financial, economic and production activities of our high-tech enterprises. ‘The purpose of the sanctions is to kill the Russian economy, plunge our people into despair and hunger, and bring our country to its knees. It is clear that they will not be able to do this, but the intentions are clear. hat is why I believe that the restoration of normal relations between partners in the International Space Station and other joint projects is possible only with the complete and unconditional lifting of illegal sanctions. ‘Specific proposals of Roscosmos on the timing of the completion of cooperation within the framework of he ISS with the space agencies of the United States, Canada, the European Union and Japan will be reported to the leadership of our country in the near future.’ The International Space Station (ISS) is the largest single structure ever put into space by humans. It has been occupied around the clock by a multi-national crew, mostly from the US and Russia, since November 2000. It is not owned by one single nation and is a ‘co-operative programme’ between Europe, the United States, Russia, Canada and Japan, according to the European Space Agency (ESA). Earlier this month, Rogozin made a bizarre threat to leave an American astronaut stranded aboard the ISS. Rogozin said in his Twitter thread today that he had written to each of the participating ISS countries’ space agencies in regards to their respective governments’ sanctions against Russia. He shared their responses, including that of the European Space Agency, which said it would pass on the matter to all member states to discuss. ‘By this time, the ISS could have died its own death,’ Rogozin said. ‘Nevertheless, the position of our partners is clear: the sanctions will not be lifted. ‘At the same time, fearing the destruction of cooperation on the ISS, where the role of Russia is of fundamental importance to ensure the viability and safety of the station, Western partners make it clear that in reality, sanctions in terms of work in the interests of the ISS will not work. I consider this state of affairs unacceptable.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.