Jessica Simpson has revealed she is ‘draining’ her bank account and her card recently got declined at Taco Bell. The American star, 41, had to pay in cash for her food at the fast food restaurant, which comes after she invested millions of her own money into saving her fashion brand. Jessica bought back her billion-dollar clothing brand last year, but is now struggling financially and living ‘on a budget.’ The Dukes of Hazard actress told The Real: ‘I am draining my bank account. ‘I have no working credit card. It’s Ok. I will pay in cash. I went to Taco Bell the other day and my card got denied. I’m on a budget, ladies!’ The Irresistible singer is still betting on her clothing brand, though, and plans to expand her lines to include boys and men. ‘With money, there’s just so much fear attached to it,’ she continued. ‘And I’m the person that you get mad at at the blackjack table. I’ll put it all out there if it’s me that’s driving the show, because I believe in myself and I know what I can do.’ She says ‘nothing’ will stop her and, if anything tries, she will only ‘try harder.’ The Jessica Simpson collection was born in 2005, with Jessica and her mother, Tina Simpson, at the helm. Their company filed for bankruptcy last August, with the mother-daughter duo able to buy back the brand for $65million (£49m) in November 2021. It took three years for the process to be finalised and for Jessica to regain ownership of her company, which she celebrated with a joyous Instagram post at the time. ‘TODAY after 3 years of hearing “NO. IT’S IMPOSSIBLE. STAND DOWN. ITS TOO HARD…” I am truly humbled to reclaim 100% ownership of MY name and my brand,’ she wrote alongside a pic of her and her mother. ‘It was a long journey getting to this point. I was told no, that brand ownership was out of the question, that I was not relevant enough, and I would never have 100%. ‘My mom @tinasimpsonofficial and I remained steadfast, patient, determined, brave, and STRONG. TODAY we can look back and say we BEAT ALL ODDS stacked against us. We withstood the battle and today we CONFIDENTLY claim victory! The entire Jessica Simpson Collection belongs to us! #OwnYourself.’ Something else Jessica has been celebrating recently is her weight loss, she posted a bikini pic to mark her achievement, saying she now feels more body confident. The US star said she ‘never thought this moment could or would happen’ as she welcomed in spring with a smiley swimsuit selfie. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Grennan updates fans after unprovoked attack left him hospitalised: ‘It was just wrong place, wrong time’ MORE : Simon Bird jokes about a third Inbetweeners movie after saying a revival series is a ‘hard no’ 