Bayern Munich CEO Oliver Kahn has branded reports that Robert Lewandowski has agreed a deal to join Barcelona as ‘nonsense’ and insists the striker will remain at the club. Reports emerged on Monday claiming the 33-year-old has decided not to renew his contract with the Bavarian giants – which expires in 2023 – and wants to leave the club this summer. It was even suggested that Lewandowski had agreed the details of a contract with Barcelona and had informed Bayern’s hierarchy of his intention to move to Catalunya. But Kahn has completely dismissed the speculation and says the Bundesliga champions have not discussed a transfer with Lewandowski and have no intention of letting him leave this summer. Asked about the reports, Kahn told Amazon Prime Video on Tuesday: ‘Apparently there is a competition out there: who will tell the biggest nonsense story about Robert Lewandowski. ‘We’re not crazy and we are not discussing the transfer of a player who scores between 30 and 40 goals for us every season!’ He continued: ‘We definitely have him with us for another season. Robert knows what he gets out of Bayern. We know what we have in him. From then on, we’ll wait and see. ‘Bayern have a contract with Robert that runs for another season. We said we would start talks, and we started that a long time ago. And if there is something to announce, we will do so.’ If Lewandowski does want to leave Bayern, his desire to move to Barcelona will only have increased after the German giants were stunned by Villarreal in the Champions League on Tuesday night. Bayern had to overturn a 1-0 first-leg deficit in the quarter-final and looked well on the way to doing just that when Lewandowski spun and shot on the edge of the box to level the scores. But late in the game at the Allianz Arena, Villarreal broke clear with Gerard Moreno crossing the ball into the box for Samuel Chukwueze to slam the ball past Manuel Neuer to seal a 2-1 aggregate victory and send the Spanish side into the last four where they will likely meet Liverpool. MORE : Robert Lewandowski ‘informs Bayern Munich that he has agreed Barcelona move’ MORE : Bayern Munich star Alphonso Davies taunts Manchester United captain Harry Maguire during Twitch stream For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 