While unpleasant, chickenpox is a mild illness for the majority of people who catch it. The highly contagious virus, which causes sufferers to break out in spots, is more common in children than adults – with 90% of people having had it by the age of 15. However there are some circumstances when it could potentially be more serious, especially if you catch it in adulthood. With that in mind, what are the risks for pregnant women when it comes to chickenpox? Chickenpox can cause serious complications both for you and your unborn baby if you catch it while you are pregnant. These could include developing pneumonia, encephalitis, or hepatitis – and in rare cases could even prove fatal. According to the NCT, the risk is increased if you smoke, have a lung condition, have taken steroids in the past three months or are more than 20 weeks pregnant. If you are expecting a baby and you have not had chickenpox, you should avoid contact with anyone who has the virus, or who has shingles – and get medical advice immediately if this does happen. The NHS website states that if you do get it while pregnant, you should contact NHS 111 for medical advice – and that treatment will depend on what stage of the pregnancy you are at, as well as your symptoms. If you’re more than 20 weeks pregnant, your GP may offer you aciclovir, an anti-viral medicine which will make your symptoms less severe. You should also make sure you remain hydrated, use soothing creams or lotions to help with the spots and the itching – such as calamine lotion for example – and take paracetamol if you have a temperature or other symptoms such as aches and pains. If you do develop complications you may need to go to hospital – you should seek treatment if you develop any of the following: If you catch chickenpox while you are pregnant, you could pass it on to your baby in the uterus. Once you have given birth your GP may consider treating your newborn with varicella zoster immune globulin (VZIG) under the following circumstances: Your baby may be treated with aciclovir if they develop the virus after birth. MORE : I was born with HIV but my partner and children are all negative MORE : How long is chickenpox contagious for, how long does it last and can you catch it twice? MORE : What are the symptoms of hepatitis in children? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below