Brooklyn Beckham is reportedly set to take Nicola Peltz’s surname as a middle name following their wedding this weekend. The eldest son of Victoria and David Beckham is set to marry his actress fiancée at the £76million Florida estate owned by her parents, billionaire businessman Nelson Peltz and his wife Claudia Heffner Peltz. According to reports, once Brooklyn, 23, marries Nicola, 27, he will go by Brooklyn Joseph Peltz Beckham as a nod to his wife, after having her name and eyes tattooed on him in the past. A source close to the family revealed the unconventional choice to add his wife’s surname to Brooklyn’s middle name. ‘Brooklyn is head over heels for Nicola – it’s a huge sign of his commitment to her, and his love for her,’ they told The Sun. Famous friends of Brooklyn’s parents have already been spotted arriving at the estate, with Eva Longoria, Serena Williams and Gordon Ramsay attending a pre-wedding dinner the night before. Brooklyn proposed to Nicola in June 2020 and the pair had been planning to tie the knot last year, but were forced to push the ceremony back due to the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. The couple are set to say their vows in a lavish ceremony costing £3million, and Brooklyn is said to have signed a pre-nuptial agreement as his wife is heiress to her dad’s billion dollar fund management business. While Nicola has kept a low profile in the lead-up to her big day, husband-to-be Brooklyn was spotted the night before, hanging out with his siblings. He was seen spending time with brother Cruz, 17, and sister Harper, 10, near some golf buggies which are on hand to ferry guests around the enormous property. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham hangs out with his siblings ahead of marrying Nicola Peltz as stars arrive for pre-wedding dinner MORE : David and Victoria Beckham arrive at Peltz estate ready for Brooklyn and Nicola’s wedding 