A horrific fire has claimed the lives of a litter of three-week-old puppies and their parents who refused to leave them behind. Kal Power, who lived with his mum, two sisters and brother in their home in Cork, Ireland, ‘lost everything’ in the blaze on Saturday night. They now say they only have the clothes left on their backs. His brother Aaron and his girlfriend, who were in the house at the time, escaped on time but could not save their terriers Kove and Kyra, who refused to leave their five newborns behind. The pets were in an upstairs room and despite his best efforts to get them out, the blaze spread too quickly. It is thought the fire started when some coal fell out of the fireplace in the front room. Kal told CorkBeo: ‘My mother was out doing some food shopping and she was on her way home. ‘Aaron was there with his girlfriend, they saw the smoke and they tried to get to the dogs. ‘They got the door open, but Kobe and Kyra wouldn’t leave the puppies, they couldn’t get them out fast enough. ‘Thank God my brother and his girlfriend got out, but we’re all very upset about the dogs. ‘We lost pretty much everything, there was no time, but we couldn’t save the dogs.’ Almost all the family’s possessions were destroyed by the fire that broke out at their council house on the Westbury Estate, in Wilton. The four siblings also lost ‘irreplaceable’ mementos of their dad, who died in 2018. A GoFundMe page has been set up to help them start their lives again, specifically to replace clothes, school uniforms and schoolbooks. So far, more than £6,000 pounds have been donated to help the Power family. ‘My mother has a tumour in her knee but she’s working at a hairdressers to make sure she can look after the family, she’s always worked to support us and this is very difficult for her,’ Kal said. ‘I’m staying with friends, my sisters are with my grandmother and my mother is in a hotel. ‘We’re lucky because some very kind people are paying for a few nights for her there but we just want to get everybody back into a home. It’s a very difficult time for us.’ The family has also been in touch with Cork City Council who are working to find them emergency alternative accommodation. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.