The first female head of the Royal Marines is set to be appointed, with Princess Anne expected to be confirmed in August. She has been officially endorsed by the Queen and is now listed for the role, the Daily Star reports. The Princess Royal – the Queen’s only daughter – already has military titles, including being an honorary admiral in the Royal Navy, a general in the Army and air chief marshal in the RAF. There has been speculation since 2020 that she could fill the role with the Royal Marines, currently vacant after Prince Harry stepped back from his duties as a senior royal. Last year, royal insiders claimed that Prince William was not expected to be given Harry’s military titles, which he greatly valued, due to fears of causing a row between the two. Prince Edward is also ruled out as he quit the force after three weeks of commando training in 1987. Buckingham Palace is having to fill several honorary posts in the armed forces, as Prince Harry and Prince Andrew both left their positions after quitting public duties as royals. As well as the marines, the Grenadier Guards, the Irish Rangers and the Yorkshire regiment still need a replacement honorary head. It comes after Prince Harry decided to move to the US with his wife Meghan, where they are now raising two children in California. The couple have since criticised the royal family for alleged lack of support to Meghan. His uncle Prince Andrew stepped away from public duties after a disastrous interview with Newsnight about his friendship with paedophile financier Jeffrey Epstein, and allegations that the prince himself sexually assaulted Virginia Giuffre when she was a trafficked 17-year-old. Prince Andrew, the Duke of York, has always denied these claims. In February, he agreed to pay an amount reported to be some £12 million, to settle a court case brought by the American woman. Prince Harry’s aunt the Princess Royal, 70, who is married to naval officer Admiral Sir Tim Lawrence, is familiar with the armed forces so could be a safe choice for the Palace. She is already the head of ten regiments including the King’s Royal Hussars, the Royal Scots, The Gurkhas and the Royal Army Veterinary Corps. In the new role, she would be responsible for meeting with current marines and attending ceremonial events. A senior Royal Marine source told the Daily Star that Princess Anne would be a ‘perfect fit’ due to her history of working with the Royal Navy. He said: ‘Harry was only with us for a short time and we gave him his green beret, which concerned some people and then he had to stand back from public life’. Buckingham Palace has been contacted for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.