Thandiwe Newton has appeared to break her silence days after reports emerged she had split from husband Ol Parker. The actress, 49, has been married to film producer Ol since 1999, and the pair share three children: Ripley, 21, Nico, 17, and Booker, eight. However rumours that the couple had split emerged this week, following Thandiwe’s shock dropping out from filming Magic Mike 3. The mum-of-three last week quit her role in the upcoming sequel Magic Mike’s Last Dance due to ‘family matters’, and was replaced by Salma Hayek. Thandiwe was forced to deny that her departure was down to a fiery row with the film’s lead star, Channing Tatum, with rumours then emerging that the so-called ‘family matter’ was her and her husband separating. While the Westworld star has not commented publicly on the rumours, Thandiwe did take to Instagram to share a cryptic post which could be taken to relate to a relationship breakdown. In a now-deleted post seen by the Daily Mail, on Monday Thandiwe shared a photograph of vintage lingerie emblazoned with the word: ‘I wonder why we take from our women. ‘Why we rape our women? Do we hate our women?’ The lyrics in question come from Tupac Shakur’s 1993 song Keep Ya Head Up, while the lingerie comes from Zoe Buckman’s Every Curve exhibit. Neither Thandiwe nor her husband have commented on the separation rumours, with Mamma Mia director Ol remaining as tight-lipped as his wife. However a source told Page Six that their separation is the true reason Thandiwe was no longer working on Magic Mike 3. ‘There is a lot going on in her personal life, she and her husband have separated,’ the source claimed. ‘She seemed so stressed, she even brought her two pet rabbits to her hotel for emotional support.’ It comes after a Warner Warner Bros spokesperson confirmed Thandiwe was bowing out of Magic Mike 3 due to personal reasons. They said in a statement: ‘Thandiwe Newton has made the difficult decision to step away from the production of Warner Bros Pictures’ Magic Mike’s Last Dance to deal with family matters.’ It has since been confirmed that Salma will take over Thandiwe’s role in the film, which sees Channing reprise his role as stripper Mike Lane. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Thandiwe for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Thandiwe Newton ‘splits from husband Ol Parker’ following 24 years of marriage and days after quitting Magic Mike due to ‘family matters’ MORE : Thandiwe Newton denies Magic Mike 3 exit was due to row with Channing Tatum over Will Smith’s Oscars slap 