An elderly Chinese woman managed to make it back to her home after launching a daring escape from Shanghai’s strict coronavirus quarantine. Video footage which has since gone viral shows the 95-year-old boldly walking down a street in a bid to free herself from the city-wide lockdown. She can be seen trying to snatch a broom away from a hazmat suited guard while trying to force her way past him. The woman was later placed in a small confinement area nearby, but a second clip shows her breaking through a corrugated iron cage using some tools. A narrator says: ‘The old lady is trying everything to “prison break”.’ One social media user commented: ‘We all should learn from this lady. There is no need to wait for or depend on anyone, but gain our freedom with action.’ She was said to have made it home after her third escape bid, the Daily Telegraph reports. A neighbour wrote on social media the following day: ‘The old lady was taken away by a tricycle yesterday; she climbed the wall of the quarantine centre and got back the same evening.’ Shanghai’s full-city lockdown began at the start of April, though many residents have been confined to their homes for much longer. Frustrations have continued to boil over in sealed off residential compounds, but officials insist there will be no relaxation until new cases outside of quarantine areas have all been cleared. The city, battling China’s biggest coronavirus outbreak so far, recorded 20,634 new local asymptomatic infections on Friday, rebounding from 15,698 a day earlier. New symptomatic cases reached 2,736, up from 1,931 on April 21, official data showed. The patients who died had an average age of 88, the Shanghai government said. All had underlying health conditions, and none had been vaccinated. On social media, netizens battled against censors overnight to share a six-minute video entitled ‘The Voice of April’, a montage of voices recorded over the course of the Shanghai outbreak. Panning across the city’s silent skyscrapers, the video consists of residents complaining about the lack of food and medicine, as well as the heavy-handed tactics of city authorities. All direct references to the film were removed from the Weibo microblogging service by Saturday morning, though some comments criticising the censorship survived. One said: ‘I can only say that if you don’t even want to listen to just a small amount of real voices, then it is really hopeless.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.