This week, Jupiter aligns with Neptune on Tuesday April 12, which will ignite a positive desire, among us all, to do good in order to feel good. Altruistic and generous acts are the order of the day this week. Random acts of kindness. Putting others first. Ready to find out what loveliness your star sign should focus on for the week ahead? Your weekly tarot horoscope is here to help, with your forecast for April 11 to April 17. Ahead you’ll discover the tarot card drawn for your star sign, along with a breakdown of what this means for the seven days ahead. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries this week: Eight of Swords Meaning: Break the pattern with someone you’ve gotten into a bad habit or a negative behaviour with. We all get stuck in a rut, set in our respective roles. The irritation and strife is almost automatic, it’s your default setting here. Consciously change it. Be different towards them and you’ll get a new response, a better one. The Eight of Swords is all about escaping spirals, initially through force and then through (new) habits forming. Both of you are going to feel so much better about each other after this. Set a new tone, lead by example. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus this week: Three of Swords Meaning: Someone you know has had their heart broken this year, and you can feel their pain with the cutting Three of Swords. Show them you care about it, that you want to hear how they are, and that you want to sit with them in their sorrow, just being there. People often don’t want advice, practical ideas, or pep talks… they just want quiet and understanding company and that, Taurus, has got your name written all over it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini this week: Page of Wands Meaning: You’re a brave, social kind of character and doing new things, with new people, in new places doesn’t faze you. However, someone you know (and love or like) is really shy and there’s something they want to do but they need a co-pilot. Can you help them out? Be their Page of Wands, their jolly friend. I know it’s not your thing totally, but they’d really appreciate your presence. Just get them started and then you can slink away… who knows, you might actually have fun. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Strength Meaning: Be brave, be strong and face the thing that scares you most this week. You’ve got this. You can do it and once it’s done, you can celebrate and truly feel proud of tackling this lil’ demon! Strength is a powerful reassurance that hardship and challenge make you stronger, better, more powerful. Others need you to feel that way. People lean on you, they need you. Help yourself strengthen and be the person you want to be by facing your own fears. This is an empowering week for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: Help a close friend or loved one make the toughest decision they’ll ever have to. You know someone who has a major cross roads ahead and they need a sounding board, a shoulder to cry on, and a cheerleader to help them cross the line. This is what you’re built for, Leo, as you’re a natural leader. Your confidence in them will help them by led by hope, not fear. The Two of Swords shows your role is to help them get to the crux, the heart, of the issue and tackle it right there. Help them face this. Lend them your courage and belief. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Ten of Wands Meaning: You’re a natural organiser; a streamlining, auditing machine. You can process a lot of stuff and see the most efficient way to get it all completed fast and easy. The Ten of Wands asks you to share your tips and advice with someone who you know is sinking a little right now. Don’t make them feel bad by pointing this out though, just let them know how you handle stuff and what you’ve learnt. Show vs tell. Do something practical to demonstrate your ideas. Be self-depreciating and subtle. They will appreciate your help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Ten of Cups Meaning: I see you playing Cupid for someone this week! The Ten of Cups is a major love card, a symbol of happy-ever-after and instant attractions. Two people you know are perfect for each other but are perhaps too shy, reticent, cautious, or aloof to make that first move. Libra, you’re ruled by Venus and you know this game all too well! Let the master teach them. Help things along with some helpful encouragement, even an intervention. You are Cupid this week. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio this week: The Hanged Man Meaning: There’s a situation around you, or connected to someone close to you, that is in limbo, stalled, thwarted. Someone is stuck and can’t move on. The Hanged Man is about the need to get a new input or perspective in order to release a positive way forward. This is where you come in, Scorpio. Y our powers of analysis are second to none. Go offer that new perspective. Go share the way you see it, because you possibly hold the key to their liberation. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Two of Coins Meaning: Spread as much joy to as many people as often as you humanly can this week ahead, Sagittarius! The Two of Coins is about abundance, about almost over-doing it. You are ruled by Jupiter, the god of abundance, luck, and joy. You have good fortune and energy to spare and you actually thrive and recharge from making others laugh, smile, feel confident, and enjoy themselves. Be the bright light in your corner of the world this week. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn this week: The Star Meaning: Somehow, some way, you have the ability to make a wish come true for someone you genuinely love this week. The Star is a cosmic pass, a wish granted. Whose day will you make? Whose dream will you bring to life? You are a practical, can-do person. You can make stuff happen that others would just think about. Put yourself out to make a loved one’s wish a reality – it will feel amazing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius this week: Five of Swords Meaning: Be the mediator in a situation that has become nasty, even toxic, in your world between two people you care about, or at least wish to see reconcile or agree to disagree. The Five of Swords shows the best way through this towards resolution is by being objective, calm, and even a little detached (this is your specialty skill). Lay out the facts, help them rationalize the course of events that has led to this, and suggest ways forward that represent compromise and peace. Plant your seeds and leave them to blossom. Peace is possible. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces this week: Ten of Swords Meaning: The person who needs your help most this week, Pisces, is you. So often you put others’ needs ahead of your own, make huge sacrifices that go unrewarded, and twist out of shape to keep the peace. Stop. For once, put yourself top of the list. The Ten of Swords shows your priority action is to withdraw from something toxic (be it a relationship, role, or situation). Sever ties, walk away, retreat, end it. This is the best thing you can do for a happy life and peace of mind this week. Enough is enough. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : How to do a love tarot and read your own relationship fortune MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship