Sienna Miller is yet another celeb bringing back the noughties after she was papped snogged her new beau, Oli Green, in the London sun. Forget a soft launch – we are very here for this. The actress, 40, looked to be having a whale of a time hanging out with Burberry model Oli, 25, outside a pizzeria in Notting Hill. The couple held hands and clearly only had eyes for each other as they chatted away and laughed over their meal. Despite the sun, Sienna wrapped up for the British weather in a jumper and coat, with Oli donning a casual jeans and T-shirt look. Both of them rocked sunnies as they also enjoyed a walk around West London, taking in the sights. The pair, who have a 15-year gap between them, seemed to confirm their relationship earlier this year after they were spotted leaving the Baftas together looking very cosy. They were pictured hopping into the back of a car, chatting away as the event came to an end. Sienna and Oli also stepped out together in New York together in February and it seems they’re pretty inseparable. The actress split from her third fiancé, literary editor Lucas Zwirner, in September 2020. She was romantically linked to businessman Archie Keswick last summer and was previously engaged to Jude Law in the early 2000s. Sienna shares 9-year-old daughter Marlowe with her ex, theatre actor Tom Sturridge, 36 Meanwhile, she’s about to star in Netflix thriller Anatomy of a Scandal, playing betrayed wife Sophie Whitehouse alongside Rupert Friend’s James Whitehouse MP. Created by Emmy winner David E. Kelley, and Melissa James Gibson, behind huge hitters such as Big Little Lies and House Of Cards, the six-part series looks set to promise high drama. It has a star-studded cast, including Naomi Scott and Downton Abbey’s Michelle Dockery. Oli is from a prestigious family in Britain’s art world and his grandfather, Richard Green, owns two galleries in Mayfair. He started his career as a model, becoming the face of a Burberry campaign in 2018 and also modelling for high street retailer GAP. Most recently, he has also turned his hand to acting, appearing in US soap The Bold And The Beautiful and in the Apple TV+ series The Mosquito Coast, alongside Justin Theroux. He had formal training at the Lee Strasberg Theatre and Film Institute in New York. Oli was previously linked to model Adwoa Aboah. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sienna Miller recalls ‘scary and insidious’ side of fame during Jude Law relationship: ‘You can’t hold onto sanity’ MORE : Taika Waititi and Sienna Miller among shocked stars Googling at Vanity Fair party to figure out Chris Rock joke that  earned Will Smith slap 