A Labour MP is to be suspended from the House of Commons for two days after bullying a former assistant. Liam Byrne abused his position of power and ostracized David Barker by ceasing personal contact with him for several months, a disciplinary panel found. He also denied him access to his Parliamentary IT account in what was described to be a ‘significant misuse of power’ by Parliamentary Standards Commissioner Kathryn Stone. Mr Barker told BBC Midlands Today the experience had left him ‘devastated’, with ‘terrible’ impact on his mental health and fear his career could be at risk. Mr Byrne, who represents Birmingham Hodge Hill, said he had apologised to the victim and felt ‘genuine ‘remorse’ for his behaviour, which was named ‘malicious’ in the report. Other allegations of poor behaviour, including pressure to work long hours, were not upheld in the two-year probe. A recommendation to suspend him has been put forward by the House’s Independent Expert Panel, which found a breach of Parliament’s bullying and harassment policy. Members on the panel said the opposition MP ‘sought to present his actions as a reasonable HR strategy’. But they added: ‘We disagree. It was bullying. He should, as he now accepts, have tackled any misconduct through a proper disciplinary process not by ostracizing the complainant.’ The Labour Party said it ‘fully supports the recommendations of this independent report, including the proposed sanction’. The punishment is dependent on Mr Byrne also making a written apology to the complainant. He must undertake training and take action to address the causes of his behaviour and weaknesses in the management of his office. Mr Byrne said the situation had been a ‘valuable lesson for me and one I am determined to learn’. In a statement he said: ‘I am very lucky to work with an amazing, happy team of people, who together have almost 40 years of combined service to my constituents in our Westminster and Hodge Hill offices where we’re determined to provide the best possible service and voice to what is the most income-deprived constituency in England. ‘However, two years ago at the beginning of lockdown, following a workplace dispute that led me to send the complainant home… I did not resolve the dispute correctly with a proper disciplinary process, and having nevertheless extended the complainant’s contract, thereby failed to fulfil my obligations as an employer and Parliament’s Behaviour Code. ‘This constituted an ostracism which was a breach of Parliament’s Behaviour Code which I strongly support, and caused distress for which I am profoundly sorry. I have apologised in full to the individual concerned. ‘I’m incredibly grateful to the panel for recognising the genuine remorse I felt about the impact on the individual concerned, the steps I have already taken to ensure this never happens again along with the work still to do, and for concluding that I did not deliberately act to delay the investigation. ‘This has been a valuable lesson for me and one I am determined to learn as me and my team seek to offer the best possible service and voice for the residents of Hodge Hill.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.