Jack Lisowski has declared himself ready to be world champion after his epic 13-12 victory over Neil Robertson in the second round at the Crucible. The stunning game saw Robertson make a 147 in defeat, while there were six centuries across the match in total. There was drama throughout and especially in the final session, with Lisowski leading 10-7 before losing four frames on the spin, including the superb maximum from Robertson. The Englishman showed resolve, though, and a couple of half centuries forced a decider, with a break of 72 in the 24th frame making sure the contest went all the way. The predictably edgy decider saw Lisowski hold his nerve and get over the line, creating a huge roar from the Crucible crowd who were fully behind the man still looking for his first ranking title. Speaking before the tournament started, Jackpot said he did not really feel ready to be world champion and was hoping to find some inspiration at the Crucible. Beating the best player of the season in epic fashion on the sport’s greatest stage may have just made him believe. ‘Yeah I’m ready now,’ he said. ‘It’s a week later I’m ready for it now. I’ve won two games, beat the best player in the world. ‘I was saying that to myself, I looked at myself in the mirror at 12-12 and thought, “Cor, can you win the World Championships?” I was like, “Yeah, come on man, let’s try and do it.” ‘I was just trying to think good things. I made the decision that I’m trying to win this Worlds, I want to win it, I’m ready to win it, so let’s have it. ‘To beat Neil then from 12-12, beat him in a decider. Probably wouldn’t have thought that was possible at the start of the week. I’m inspired now.’ The fact that the opponent was the current Masters champion, who has also won three ranking titles this season, made it all the more special for Lisowski. The Thunder from Down Under has dished out some big defeats to Jackpot and getting the better of him means a lot. ‘It’s crazy, he beat me here last year, beat me in two finals, I felt like I’ve never had the edge on him in a big game,’ Lisowski told the BBC. ‘I just said to myself, “I want to be a top snooker player so I’ve got to put all that out of my head and try everything to beat him over these three days.” ‘I tried as hard as I could every session and just pipped him at the end there.’ Things get no easier for Lisowski who takes on John Higgins in the quarter-finals, starting on Tuesday afternoon. MORE : Neil Robertson makes maximum 147 break against Jack Lisowski at World Snooker Championship MORE : John Higgins rates Ronnie O’Sullivan, Mark Williams and himself as ‘better players than we’ve ever been’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 