Mickey Rourke has shared a post on Instagram gushing over disgraced film director Roman Polanski, saying it was a ‘great pleasure’ to work with him and admitting he ‘can’t wait’ to collaborate again. In 1977, Polanski – known for creating films including The Pianist, The Ghost Writer and Tess – was arrested and charged with drugging and raping a 13-year-old girl. He pleaded guilty at the time to the lesser charge of unlawful sex with a minor, but before he could be sentenced in the US, he fled to Paris, and remains a fugitive in accordance with the US criminal justice system. Despite his conviction and several more women accusing him of sexual assault, Polanski has continued to create films and receive awards, receiving the best director and best adaptation gongs at the 2019 César Awards for An Officer and a Spy. On Thursday evening, Rourke, whose previous roles include appearing in Once Upon A Time in Mexico and Man on Fire, shared a picture on Instagram of himself sitting in a chair while appearing to light up a cigarette at the end of the day while working on a project with Polanski. ‘End of the day, once again, a great pleasure to work with legendary and talented Roman Polanski. Working with such a director I feel is a great privilege his film has such integrity, style, class and unpredictability,’ he wrote in the caption. Rourke, 69, said that working with Polanski, 88, who has been in the film industry for several decades, allowed him to ‘always learn something new’. ‘I usually do not have conversations with most directors but Roman Polanski is not just another director. Whatever suggestions he makes to me makes my job easier because of his years of experience and knowledge,’ he stated. The actor said that his ‘goal’ when joining Polanski’s production ‘was to give him 110%’ and allow himself to ‘trust’. ‘God bless the man, I can’t wait to do another film with him,’ he added, before clarifying that he isn’t smoking in real-life in the film and posting a message of support for Ukraine. While some of Rourke’s followers expressed excitement over the upcoming film, others expressed their shock over the actor’s public show of support for Polanski. ‘Expect some blowback on this one I’m thinking,’ one person commented. ‘This is not gonna go well,’ someone else remarked, while another wrote: ‘Unbelievable. I guess your personal ethics only run so deep.’ Another astonished Instagram user said: ‘Roman Polanski?! Ok… I’m speechless… what exactly can you learn from this?’ Meanwhile, several people said that Rourke’s post prompted them to unfollow him on the social media platform. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who else has been banned from the Oscars as Will Smith is given a 10-year ban? MORE : Thandiwe Newton replaced by Salma Hayek in Magic Mike 3 after quitting due to personal reasons 