Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has been reported to police after allegedly breaking her own Covid laws. A video posted online shows her visiting a barber shop yesterday, mingling with customers without wearing a face mask. She can be seen patting the head of a man in a chair waiting for a trim, while mimicking the sound of an electric razor. At the moment, the law in Scotland says that people must wear a face covering in indoor public places including shops, public transport and hairdressers. In a video of the same visit to Iconic Gents Hair posted on her own Twitter account, the First Minister is seen wearing a tartan face mask as she shaves a man’s beard. She was visiting the barbers in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, on the campaign trail for the council elections next month. A Police Scotland spokesman said: ‘We can confirm that we have received a complaint which is currently being assessed.’ The law is due to change so that wearing a face mask indoors become guidance from tomorrow, rather than a legal requirement. But the Scottish Government has strongly recommended that people continue to wear them where appropriate, and at the time of the visit the law remained in place. Scottish Conservative health spokesman Dr Sandesh Gulhane MSP said: ‘The video clearly shows Nicola Sturgeon isn’t practicing what she preaches on facemasks. ‘She’s happy virtue signalling for official photos but behind closed doors it’s clear she doesn’t believe in her own rules so why should anyone else. ‘This is blatant hypocrisy from the First Minister who has now shown her true colours. ‘The public, who have been under these legal Covid restrictions for over two years, deserve an apology for this rule break.’ Ms Sturgeon tweeted about her visit, but has not yet personally addressed the face mask controversy. Sharing a video of her shaving a man called Tony’s beard, she said: ‘I’ve done some surreal things on the campaign trail over my many years in politics – this has to be right up there with the best – and scariest!! For the record, it was all his idea!’ An SNP spokesman said: ‘The First Minister was invited into the barbers during an outdoor visit on the street. ‘Within a few seconds, she realised she hadn’t put her mask back on and immediately put it on.’ In December 2020, Ms Sturgeon apologised after she breached Covid rules by taking off her face mask at a funeral wake. She described it as ‘a stupid mistake’, and said: ‘I’m really sorry.’ The Scottish Government said the incident on Saturday was an issue for the party. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.