Controversial figure Piers Morgan has insisted his views are anything but controversial, as he prepares to launch his new TV show which will, no doubt, share some views many may class as, er, controversial. The former Good Morning Britain host is on a mission to ‘cancel’ cancel culture with his new show on TalkTV, set to premiere later this month, but be that as it may he really doesn’t understand what the fuss is about when it comes to his opinions. In fact, the polarising journalist believes he should be the ‘darling’ of the left, but instead he’s found himself on the end of their ‘fascist’ pitchforks. He said this week: ‘I never think my views are controversial,’ adding: ‘I genuinely don’t think I come at anything from a position where people could say, “Well, that’s outrageous.” And if they do think it is, well, tell me what it is I’ve said that’s outrageous – because I bet you’ve struggled.’ Speaking to Australia’s Stellar magazine, Piers went on: ‘I’m not a right winger. I’m not a conservative. I’m not a far-left [person]. ‘I’m probably slightly left-of-centre. My sensibilities are sort of old-fashioned liberal in the sense [that I believe] in freedom of speech and democracy. I’m not homophobic. I’m not sexist, I believe in fairness and equality for all. I’ve campaigned against racial injustice on television and in print for many years. ‘I should be the darling of the left. But I’m not. I’m their enemy because the left have become so extreme they’ve become the very fascists who they profess to hate most.’ Piers launched a scathing attack on GMB in the trailer for the new series, described as a ‘fearless forum for lively, intelligent debate and agenda-setting interviews’ and to ‘celebrate free speech and the right for people to share their views’. He enthused: ‘I’m delighted to now be returning to live television with a new daily show whose main purpose is to cancel the Cancel Culture which has infected societies around the world. ‘I want it to be a platform for lively vigorous debate, news-making interviews, and that increasingly taboo three-letter word: fun. I also want it to annoy all the right people.’ Piers Morgan Uncensored will be available on linear TV platforms Sky, Virgin Media, Freeview and Freesat, as well as streaming sites Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus and on YouTube. In a global first, the 60-minute daily show will be broadcast on weeknights in the UK on TalkTV, streamed on FOXNation in the US and aired in Australia on Sky News Australia. The primetime launch schedule will also see the debut of The Talk with Sharon Osbourne. Piers Morgan Uncensored premieres Monday, April 25. MORE : Piers Morgan sick of hearing about Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz’s star-studded wedding MORE : Arsenal legend Lee Dixon and Piers Morgan in Twitter row over Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.