Amber Heard appeared to wipe away tears as her defamation trial brought up her former relationship with billionaire Elon Musk. The Rum Diary actress is locked in a high-profile legal battle with ex-husband Johnny Depp, with each accusing each other of libel. Depp is suing his ex-wife, 35, for libel after she penned an op-ed in the Washington Post, with the headline: ‘I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change’. The actor is seeking damages of $50 million (£39 million) in the suit; he was not named in the article. Meanwhile, Heard is counter-suing Depp for libel and is seeking $100 million (£78.5 million) in damages after Depp labeled her a liar. On Wednesday, Depp’s former agent Christian Carino was questioned by the court about emails sent to him by Heard following her split from Tesla owner Musk. Musk and Heard began dating for several months ‘immediately after’ after her separation from Depp in May 2016, Carino told the court. Following their split in August 2017, Heard emailed Carino, apparently about Musk, saying she was ‘dealing with breakup,’ adding ‘I hate when things go public. So sad.’ Replying to the email, Carino said: ‘You weren’t in love with him. You told me 1,000 times you were just feeling space… Why would you be sad if you weren’t in love with him to begin with?’ Heard was seen appearing to wipe away tears as she listened to Carino’s deposition but made no comment. A message from Heard said: ‘I know but I wanted time to grieve and recover in my own time.’ She went on to state: ‘I hate that, yet again a man lets me fall on the spikes by myself,’ and when asked to explain, said ‘they’re mad at me for leaving them and put things like this out there.’ Carino advised her that she could avoid being in the public eye if she stops ‘dating uber famous people.’ The agent alleged that Heard still had feelings for Depp after their separation, and at one point emailed asking him to tell Depp ‘I love him’. She also allegedly asked the agent to set up a meeting with Depp in summer 2016 despite Depp being the subject of a temporary restraining order at the time; she, Depp and Carino met at a property in San Francisco and spoke for several hours. When the owner of the property returned, they went to a hotel but the former couple allegedly began arguing, and Carino said he left at around 5am. Heard also allegedly sent Carino an email, seemingly referring to Depp, in June 2018, six months before her op-ed was published, saying ‘God I miss him.’ Earlier in the day, the couple’s former doorman testified in a bizarre pre-recorded deposition in which he appeared to be vaping in his car. In his deposition, Alejandro Romero claimed Heard asked him to investigate whether there had been an intruder due to scratches on their front door. However, the doorman said it was caused by their dog, much to Depp’s amusement as he was seen laughing in the courtroom as Romero’s testimony played. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp and Amber Heard trial: What has happened so far? MORE : Johnny Depp cracks a laugh as his doorman vapes and drives off during animated testimony from car 