Katie Price made sure fans got a close-up look at her engagement ring on Friday, after she was spotted without it in recent weeks. The former glamour model, 43, had kept fans guessing after being seen filming without the diamond ring from fiancé Carl Woods, 33, amid rumours the couple had split. Katie was seen striding down the beach in Sussex on Thursday with a cameraman in tow as she took part in some filming. She opted for a green tracksuit with the words ‘health is wealth’ emblazoned on the front, as well as a black puffer jacket to keep out the cold. Her ring was noticeably absent during the trip, but Katie was back to rocking it by Friday, as she showed it off on her Instagram story. Under the guise of showing off her ‘new nails’, Katie made sure to film a lingering shot of her engagement ring before turning her hand over to show off her manicure. Katie and Carl were rumoured to have ended their engagement after 11 months, with the car dealer having deleted all photos of him with Katie from his social media account. Several sources who are reportedly close to them both are said to have told The Sun: ‘Katie and Carl have decided to split up. ‘It’s been a difficult couple of months and their ongoing court cases have just added even more stress to the situation’. They added that the relationship ‘really seems to be over for now’ and that both Katie and Carl are ‘very sad’ about the split. The source did suggest there could be reconciliation in future, adding that ‘no-one would be surprised’ if the pair did get back together. Katie’s recent story appeared to hint that a reconciliation might be on the cards as the engagement ring appeared to be well and truly back on. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price makes brief visit to hospital saying she’s ‘back again’ MORE : Katie Price sparks speculation of reunion with ex Kris Boyson with hotel photos after ‘split’ from fiancé Carl Woods 