Volker Struth, the agent of Timo Werner among other players, has been busy in Italy this week, meeting a number of Serie A clubs including AC Milan and Juventus. The Sports360 chief has been traveling and keeping his Instagram followers updated, posting pictures with Juve director of football Federico Cherubini, in Milan having met sporting director Frederic Massara and in Bergamo with Atalanta head of recruitment Lee Congerton. Struth’s Sport360 agency represents a lot of players, including the likes of Julian Weigl, Toni Kroos, Amadou Haidara and Mohamed Camara, but with Werner’s Chelsea future uncertain, it will spark rumours of a switch to Italy for the German. The Express report that the Blues are willing to listen to offers for Werner in the summer – as long as they are back to trading as normal under new owners with their current sanctions lifted. The 26-year-old arrived with a lot of hype in 2020 when he was signed from RB Leipzig for £47.5m but has been a disappointment for the Blues. The Germany international scored six Premier League goals in an underwhelming first season and was expected to kick on from there, but has netted just once in the league during this campaign so far. Werner is also reportedly very open for a move elsewhere to get his career back on track, with a return to the Bundesliga a possibility. Borussia Dortmund have been linked with a move for the striker and Struth has already held informal talks with the German side over a move. While on international duty with Germany last week, Werner admitted that he is struggling with Chelsea and prefers life with the national team to his employers. ‘I’m a striker and I always want to score,’ he said after netting against Israel on. ‘Things aren’t going the way I’d like at Chelsea, so it’s all the better that things are going well here under Hansi Flick. ‘I really enjoy playing football, no matter where I’m playing. There are differences in the style of play between football at Chelsea and here. Maybe the one at the national team suits me better. Here, I always have scoring chances, I can score goals. I feel very comfortable here.’ MORE : Peter Schmeichel, Jamie Carragher and Thierry Henry predict Champions League winner as Chelsea, Liverpool and Man City battle Europe’s elite MORE : N’Golo Kante is ‘struggling’ and is ‘not immortal’, warns former Chelsea star Emmanuel Petit For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 