A mysterious new photo has been added to the remaster of GTA: Sand Andreas and it may be intended as a hint about GTA 6. With so little official information to go on, Grand Theft Auto fans have grasped onto almost anything over the past few years, in the hope that it’s a clue or hint about GTA 6. The worst thing is that, until the game comes out, there’s no way of knowing whether they were hints or just people getting excited over nothing, but there is definitely a strange new addition to the Definitive Edition of San Andreas. The framed photo above has mysteriously appeared in the recent remaster and no one is sure why or what it’s supposed to represent, although GTA insider Matheusvictorbr- claims that they have had it confirmed that the image is from ‘the next title of the Grand Theft Auto series’. Some fans have suggested it’s actually a reference to 2011 Rockstar game L.A. Noire, but the house isn’t identical to any from the game and that doesn’t answer why anyone would go to the effort of adding such a thing. Considering how rushed and buggy the Definitive Editions were you wouldn’t have thought anyone would have time for anything but essential work. According to Matheusvictorbr-, via Google Translate, the in-game location is inspired by the suburbs near Hollywood, Florida. Although that’s never featured in the games before, Vice City is supposed to be in Florida, as an analogue of Miami, and many previous rumours have suggested that the setting of GTA 6 will return there. Except the new photo is in the remaster of San Andreas, so does that mean that both cities will be in the new game? And maybe Liberty City as well? Only Rockstar can answer that and while they’ve said that the game is ‘well underway’, even the most optimistic estimate of its release date doesn’t put it any earlier than 2024.  Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : GTA Online gets PS5 & Xbox Series X exclusive GTA+ subscription service MORE : Grand Theft Auto 5 review in progress – the next generation of GTA MORE : Get GTA 5 half price on PS5 and Xbox Series X till June Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. 