 Homeowners could see their mortgage payments increase by more than £1,000 a year, Chancellor Rishi Sunak has warned. Mr Sunak is said to have told cabinet ministers that interest rates will rise by 2.5% in the coming months – as the cost of living crisis continues to cripple the nation’s finances. It means people without fixed rate mortgages will be burdened with higher repayments. A 1% increase on a typical mortgage could lead to a £700 rise for those who do not have a fixed-rate deal. But Mr Sunak has rejected calls to offer more support to under-pressure families. He has warned borrowing more to fund public spending could fuel rising inflation even further – with future generations of ‘our kids’ forced to ‘pick up the tab’. In an interview with Mumsnet, the chancellor said: ‘I’m really conscious that, I don’t want mortgage rates to have to go up any more than they’re already going up. ‘If governments, at a time like this, borrow lots and lots more money, and we’re already borrowing quite a lot, our own interest bill is ticking up, what that does is risks interest rates having to go up even more. ‘That will just add to pressure for people with mortgage payments to make,’ he added. The chancellor also sparked anger after suggesting it would be ‘silly’ to offer further help to families now as energy bills sky-rocket. He believes the nation should wait six months until the autumn –when the energy cap is set to rise by 40% to nearly £3,000. He has vowed to focus on keeping borrowing down – even if that makes him unpopular. But Mr Sunak could also hit energy bosses with a windfall tax on their profits unless they boost investment in the UK’s supply. He said the tax was ‘something I would look at’ – despite having previously ruled out the idea, described by Prime Minister Boris Johnson as a ‘tax on business’. He said during the Mumsnet interview: “If we don’t see that type of investment coming forward, if companies aren’t going to make investments in our energy security, of course that’s something I’d look at.’ Mr Sunak – whose wife, Akshanta Murty, is richer than the Queen – has come under fire for his lavish lifestyle as hard-up Brits struggle to stay afloat. The Tory MP is building a brand-new swimming pool, along with tennis courts and a gym, at his £1.5million Grade II listed mansion in his North Yorkshire constituency, according to reports. And he will be splashing out whopping £13,000 to keep the water warm – as millions are forced to make the stark choice of heating or eating. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.