Transgender cyclist Emily Bridges has hit back at the sport’s governing body following its decision to prevent her from competing at this weekend’s British National Omnium Championships. In a statement, the 21-year-old accused the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI) of not following their own rules and failing to provide clarity over the reasons for her exclusion. Bridges was set to compete in the Championships against some of Britain’s best female riders, including five-time Olympic champion Dame Laura Kenny, but on Wednesday the UCI informed British Cycling that she could not take part. ‘Despite the public announcement, I still have little clarity around their finding of my ineligibility under their regulations,’ she said. ‘I just want to race competitively again within the regulations set by British Cycling and UCI after careful consideration of the research around transgender athletes. No one should have to choose between being who they are and participating in the sport that they love. ‘I am in contact with British Cycling and UCI requesting clarity around my alleged ineligibility, and I hope they will reconsider their decision in line with the regulations.’ Bridges added that as a result of hormone therapy, part of her gender dysphoria treatment, her testosterone levels had been below the required limit for ‘the last 12 months’, and that she had been in contact with both governing bodies for the past six months, providing them with medical evidence to ensure that she would be allowed to race. The debate surrounding transgender athletes has been divisive and Bridges also took time to highlight the abuse she has received, saying: ‘[I have been] relentlessly harassed and demonised by those who have a specific agenda to push. ‘This is despite the fact that I have not yet raced in the female category.’ MORE : Transgender cyclist Emily Bridges blocked from competing against Dame Laura Kenny MORE : All-female cycling group recreate a 500-mile tour of the Highlands done by Scottish teens in 1936 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 