A rescue parrot who developed a love of knitwear after he lost his feathers has died. Charlie, a green eclectus, was in a terrible state of neglect when he was taken in by a Nottinghamshire wildlife charity 19 years ago. The parrot was severely malnourished and had lost the majority of his feathers due to stress. He was so unwell vets advised he be put down but volunteers refused and nursed the poorly parrot back to health with the aid of hand-knitted jumpers. Charlie made a full recovery and even after his feathers regrew refused to be without his knitwear making him a firm favourite with visitors to Guardian Angels Bird Sanctuary. Now, the Eastwood-based sanctuary has announced Charlie died on Saturday. ‘It is with great sadness that we have to report the death of Charlie,’ the organisation said on Facebook. ‘He was in a really bad condition when we first picked him up. ‘It has been a pleasure to care for him these last 19 years and he will be very sorely missed. ‘He had a great life with us and enjoyed coming out to most of our events. We are absolutely devastated.’ Rebecca Blagg, who cares for around 200 birds at the centre including macaws, African greys and cockatoos, described Charlie as a ‘very different, a special little bird’. ‘We found him in his cage in a sleeping position. He hadn’t shown signs of being ill. I’m absolutely devastated,’ she told the BBC. ‘The only consolation is that he passed peacefully and he didn’t suffer.’ When Charlie was rescued in 2003, he had plucked out most of his feathers and was rather, unfortunately, said to resemble ‘an oven-ready chicken’. Speaking in 2013 Rebecca told the BBC, Charlie was ‘the worst’ case the charity had ever seen. ‘He was so weak, he couldn’t stand on his perch and he used to fall off,’ she said. ‘He was the worst we’d ever seen. He was literally like an oven-ready chicken, he was that bald.’ Rebecca took Charlie home and started to hand feed him. ‘He was so cold without his feathers, he was shivering,’ she said. ‘I had to do something. Knitting’s not my forte and I’ve never knitted for a parrot before. But he seemed to like it.’ The knitwear worked and kept Charlie warm while his plumage regrew. ‘People knitted jumpers to keep him warm and he still wore them after his feathers grew back. He had about 40, even a Halloween one with bats on.’ Rebecca said. ‘He had a great life with us and enjoyed coming out to our fundraising events. ‘He was like a mascot. He absolutely loved it and everybody knew him.’ Rebecca said following Charlie’s death the charity would be giving away his jumpers for other birds to use. Guardian Angels Bird Sanctuary will be holding a fundraiser on Saturday, April 10. The spring fair will feature a range of stalls and more than 40 of Charlie’s jumpers, which will be available for other parrots in need. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.