Wayne Rooney has urges Manchester United to move on from Cristiano Ronaldo and Paul Pogba this summer. Ronaldo returned to United last summer and has scored 18 goals in 32 appearances, but the 37-year-old has been heavily criticised for his lack of all-round contribution during games. Pogba, meanwhile, is set to leave United on a free transfer this summer once his contract has expired. And Rooney believes United now need to turn their focus towards ‘young, hungry players’. Asked if Ronaldo’s signing has worked out for United, Rooney told Sky Sports: ‘You’d have to say no, at the minute. ‘I think he’s scored goals, he’s scored important goals in the Champions League early on in the season. He scored the hat-trick against Tottenham. ‘But I think if you look to the future of the club you would have to go with younger, hungry players to do the best to lift Manchester United over these next two, three years. ‘And obviously Cristiano is getting on a bit. He certainly isn’t the player he was when he was in his 20s. And that happens, that’s football. He’s a goal threat but I think the rest of the game they need more, they need young, hungry players. ‘I think they’ve got good young players. I think Sancho will be better next year, I think Marcus will be better next year. ‘They’ve got good young players, I think Jesse Lingard should be playing for them because he brings energy, he brings quality. Scott McTominay has done well, so they have got some good young players. ‘They just have to get that confidence, get them believing they are good players and perform at a better level and then obviously whoever the new manager is he’ll bring his own players in and try to rebuild that group.’ Rooney also urged Pogba to leave the club once his contract expires at the end of the season. ‘I think it’s probably got to a point where it probably is better for him to move on,’ Rooney said. ‘I think if Paul is honest with himself, he probably hasn’t had the impact he would have liked since he returned to Manchester United. ‘I watch him play for France and it’s a completely different player. The ability, his vision, control of the game is there every game for France. It just hasn’t quite worked at Manchester United for him. ‘I think there are a few players they need to let go.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 