New footage of Vladimir Putin has added further fuel to the theory his health is in fast decline. The Russian leader could be seen swaying and biting his lip during an Easter mass service in Moscow on Sunday. At points, he would press his fingers to his forehead and shut his eyes tightly. It comes just days after he was filmed clutching the corner of a table during a meeting. He was seen slouched in his chair and appeared weary while talking with Russia’s defence minister Sergei Shoigu. Anders Aslund, a former adviser to Russia and Ukraine, said both men seemed poorly, describing them as ‘depressed and seemingly in bad health’. Experts have said Putin’s slow movements and increasingly ‘frail’ appearance could be a sign he is suffering from Parkinson’s disease. The Kremlin has repeatedly denied reports Putin is unwell. Sunday’s Easter service was conducted by the Russian Orthodox Church, which strongly backs the war in Ukraine. During the ceremony, Putin stood to one side while holding a red candle. Footage of the service was broadcast live on Russian state television, but rumours have spread that the Kremlin leader’s clips might have been pre-recorded. Russian outlet The Village reported: ‘Putin is standing in the same suit and with the same candle as on May 2, 2021. ‘This is evidenced by a photo report from the temple on the Kremlin website.’ Investigative Outlet Agentstvo suggested the clips had been ‘distorted’. They reported: ‘In the broadcast of the Easter service from the Cathedral of Christ the Saviour, Putin seemed to disappear for a moment. ‘This happened during the switching of shots, from a close-up with the president to a more general one…. ‘The place where Putin should be seems to be empty.’ Just a day ahead of Moscow’s Easter event, Russian missiles had rained down on the city of Odesa. Among the victims were Valeria Hlodan, 27, her baby daughter Kira, and Valeria’s mother Liudmila. Anton Gerashchenko, an advisor to the ministry of internal affairs, said: ‘Odesa will never forgive murder of its children. ‘An entire family perished – Liudmila Yavkina, her daughter Valeria and her three-month-old granddaughter Kira. Hatred is filling our hearts. ‘This was an ordinary yard of an ordinary apartment block in Odesa. It was a holiday, the Saturday before Easter, so there were children playing in the yard, there was laughter, there was life.’ Across Ukraine, sombre Easter ceremonies were held in churches and within military camps. President Volodymyr Zelensky had said: ‘Today was Holy Saturday for Christians of the Eastern Rite. The day between the Crucifixion and the Resurrection. It seems that Russia is stuck on such a day. ‘On the day when death triumphs and God is supposedly gone. But there will be a Resurrection. Life will defeat death. The truth will defeat any lies. And evil will be punished.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.