One of the most romantic possibilities in a relationship is being able to turn everyday activities into dates. Whether it’s a walk round the park, doing the weekly shop, or even cleaning up, everything has the potential to feel that little bit easier when you do it with the person you love. One household task that can easily become a bonding activity is cooking. But what’s it really like to cook with a partner? Are the benefits worth the mild frustration you might feel having someone in your cooking space? We heard from the couples who cook together regularly: Imogen and her partner Duncan cook together all of the time and make a concerted effort to learn something new each week. ‘I love it,’ Imogen tells Metro.co.uk. ‘We don’t have family nearby so it can be hard to go out, so we create our own date nights when we stay in.’ They even go foraging for ingredients together, adding an extra, adventurous step to the whole process. ‘It’s the time we spend together that bonds us,’ says Imogen. ‘Being outside to collect it and then coming home to make it and share. ‘We made gnocchi together for the first time a few weeks ago, using wild garlic that we had collected. ‘I love learning new things together and talking about them.’ The pair also cook with their daughters Xanthe, 4, and Athene, 4 months. ‘I love the memories we create so much when we cook and eat together,’ Imogen adds. The couple have even written three best selling books on their love of food – Foraging Fairytales; wild festival, Foraging Fairytales: Elderflower Festival, Foraging Fairytales: Hedgerow Festival. Natalie has been with her husband Nick for four years. Although Natalie was originally the main chef of the relationship, Nick has always been into health, fitness and food. ‘Between my Guyanese cooking, which can involve a lot of fried fish and rich curries, and his preference for lean meats, we definitely learnt a lot about each other’s health and fitness goals by cooking together in the early days,’ says Natalie. ‘It was also a really relaxing and fun way to get to know each other at the beginning.’ In lockdown, cooking together replaced date nights out at restaurants for the couple, says Natalie. ‘It definitely helped us to forget how strange the times were,’ she adds. Although they don’t find the time to cook together as easily, especially since Natalie founded her oral cosmetics company SmileTime, the pair still prioritise it in their relationship. ‘That has just meant that, when we do make time to cook together, it’s a safe space where we can relax and switch our devices off,’ says Natalie. Farren, a personal trainer and soldier in the military, started cooking with his wife Sarah during the pandemic. ‘We took the opportunity to use cooking as a way for us to spend time with one another,’ he says. As well as cooking healthy and tasty meals together, Farren and Sarah use their time cooking to focus on communicating, which means no phones. ‘By solely focusing on our communication, we both have the opportunity to speak and listen to one another so that we both feel heard which has significantly contributed to us supporting one another in our marriage,’ says Farren. Both with stressful jobs – Sarah is a nurse – cooking together helps the pair manage their stress. ‘We both enjoy cooking so by doing it together we ultimately get to create a great meal that contributes to our health and wellbeing while creating moments and memories that we’ll be able to share with one another for years to come,’ says Farren. He adds that the activity has definitely brought the two closer and helped them ‘reevaluate the importance of our time that we spent together.’ Farren says: ‘Through cooking together, we were able to connect with one another once more on a deeper level, and actively provide that emotional support for one another to make our marriage even stronger.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Personal trainer becomes ‘fakeaway queen’ known for cooking delicious low-cal versions of favourite meals MORE : 10 couples’ activities reignite the spark if your relationship feels stale MORE : How to deal with ‘singleness envy’ in a long-term relationship