Piers Morgan has poked fun at former Good Morning Britain co-star Alex Beresford ahead of a comeback to his old stomping ground at ITV tomorrow. Piers dramatically stormed out of the GMB studios in March last year, after an on-air argument with Alex over Meghan Markle. The clash was over comments made by Piers in the aftermath of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s interview with Oprah Winfrey, resulting in the presenter storming off the ITV programme live on air. The journalist quit his hosting role after six years when he refused to apologise for his remarks regarding Markle which resulted in over 50,000 Ofcom complaints from viewers. After Piers revealed he would be joining Lorraine Kelly on her sofa on Thursday morning, he couldn’t resist reminding Alex of their beef as he geared up for his return to ITV. He shared: ‘BREAKING: I’ll be returning to ITV tomorrow for first time since the Markle Debacle… live & definitely uncensored on  @lorraine⁩ with the fabulous ⁦@reallorraine⁩ – should be fun…’ With a swipe at his former employer, he added: ‘(May even storm back onto ⁦@GMB⁩ while I wait, & get those ratings back up.)’ Piers shared a previous photo of him from Lorraine’s show, where the Scottish presenter could be seen reaching across from her chair to touch his face. Lorraine retweeted the comment, cheekily adding: ’I’m checking for signs of any Botox and fillers on his suspiciously smooth forehead in this pic. Worth a watch to find out how @piersmorgan actually managed to get another job.’ But Piers later asked his followers on Twitter: ‘Anyone know who’s doing the weather on ITV tomorrow morning?’ Answers from fans in the replies ranged from ‘Meghan Markle’ to ‘Alex Beresford’ and someone asking: ‘People still watch GMB?’ We’re sure any hopes of a happy reunion between Piers and Alex are pretty much off the table in that case. Piers has failed to remain quiet about his spat with the weatherman and TV presenter and gave a scathing verdict in a recent interview. Speaking to The Times about his ongoing feud with Alex, he said: ‘Apparently, he was heard out the back rehearsing his lines, clearly wanted to have his little YouTube moment of fame, and that’s fine. ‘I know he was planning a Hollywood career. I’m not quite sure how it’s going; I’ve not heard any updates.’ Before Piers exited the GMB set in the ITV studio, Alex had said to him: ‘I understand you’ve got a personal relationship with Meghan Markle, or had one, and she cut you off. ‘She’s entitled to cut you off if she wants to. Has she said anything about you since she cut you off? I don’t think she has but yet you continue to trash her.’ Recently, Piers poked fun at Will Smith’s Oscar scandal by revealing that he would have slapped Alex if he didn’t storm off the GMB set. GMB airs weekdays from 6am and Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan threatens to storm back onto Good Morning Britain in first return to ITV after Meghan Markle row MORE : Inside Piers Morgan’s shiny new TalkTV studio featuring groundbreaking technology ahead of Uncensored launch 