EastEnders star June Brown seemed ‘tired’ in the weeks before her death, her on-screen son John Altman has revealed. Brown, who played the iconic Dot Cotton in the BBC soap, died at her home on Sunday aged 95. Nasty Nick Cotton star John paid tribute to Brown on Tuesday’s Good Morning Britain, sharing that he had visited her a month before she died. ‘She was tired,’ he told presenters Kate Garraway and Richard Madeley. ‘A bit like my own mother, I think. You could see she had slowed right down.’ ‘I would like to say thanks and god bless her family who have been fantastic, rallying around her,’ John added. ‘They have taken great care of her. ‘She didn’t have to go into a home or anything. She spent her last days in her lovely home in the Surrey hills.’ He continued: ‘She was a dear friend, someone who I could confide in. She was like my second mother.’ John also recalled how he’d run his lines with Brown in her dressing room during their EastEnders days. ‘When I used to smoke, we’d go into her dressing room and spend an hour having a coffee and a few ciggies, just going over and over it so when we got onto the floor we were right on it.’ Brown’s family confirmed the news of her death in a statement, which read: ‘We are deeply saddened to announce our beloved mother, June, passed away very peacefully at her home in Surrey on Sunday evening, with her family by her side. ‘We would kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time.’ An EastEnders spokeswoman said: ‘We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved June Brown, OBE, MBE, sadly passed away last night. ‘There are not enough words to describe how much June was loved and adored by everyone at EastEnders, her loving warmth, wit and great humour will never be forgotten. ‘June created one of the most iconic characters in Dot Cotton, not just in soap but in British television, and having appeared in 2,884 episodes, June’s remarkable performances created some of EastEnders’ finest moments. ‘We send all our love and deepest sympathies to June’s family and friends. A very bright light has gone out at EastEnders today but we shall all be raising a sweet sherry in June’s memory. ‘Rest in peace, our dearest June. You will never be forgotten.’ Brown’s 35-year run as the Albert Square mainstay began in 1985. before she left the show in 2020. She was perhaps EastEnders’ best-known star and larger-than-life Dot was known for her devout Christian faith and hypochondria, as well as her endless cigarette addiction. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.