Want to get a fitness fix in less than half an hour? This is the perfect workout for you. High intensity interval training (HIIT) is perfect for elevating your heart rate, improving anaerobic fitness levels and endurance. This HIIT workout is made up of just six simple moves, and you can do them in the comfort of your living room – or in the gym. ‘Here is a simple six-exercise HIIT workout that requires zero equipment so can be done from anywhere and you don’t need hours to do it,’ says Anthony Mayatt, owner and personal trainer at Breathe Fitness. ‘Each exercise lasts 45 seconds with just a 15 second recovery before the next exercise begins. ‘Rest at the end of the round and repeat three times for a 20 minute session. ‘The first half consists of movements mainly on your feet whereas the second half is ground based.’ The workout: Stand upright. Crouch down, touching your hands to the floor in front of your feet, then jump your legs all the way out as if getting to a push up position. Lower your body to the floor, then push back up, jump the legs back in and jump in the air. Repeat that process for 25 reps. Stand upright and jump bringing your legs wide at the same time you raise your arms up creating a star shape. Stay light on your feet continuing the movement. Stand with your feet roughly hip width and drop your hips back and down as if sitting in a chair. Squeeze glutes and push up into a jump through the heels then land straight into the next squat. Lay on your back with knees bent and arms by your sides. Drive the knees up and back as if trying to get them towards your head, raising the hips off the ground. Pause then return the feet to the floor. Start in a push up position with hands below the shoulders and legs out behind you. Drive your knee towards your elbow and as the leg returns to the starting position, swap legs and do the same with the opposite. Lay on your front with elbows below shoulders and feet together. Lift your body so only the toes and forearms are touching the ground. Push up with your arms to raise into a hand plank then lower back down into a forearm one. Repeat this up and down movement always maintaining a plank position. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five signs stress is affecting your workout – according to doctors MORE : The 20-minute workout: Full body workout in just four moves MORE : The 20-minute workout: Try this 1,000 reps challenge for a full-body burn