Katie Price’s ex Kieran Hayler is said to have reported her to the police because son Jett was filmed without a seatbelt. The former glamour model is facing legal woes at the moment and faces a Crown Court trial after she denied breaching a restraining order against ex-husband Kieran’s fiancée. Katie and Kieran tied the knot in 2013 and share two children together, eight-year-old Jett and seven-year-old Bunny. The couple split in 2018 with their divorce finalised in 2021, but now Kieran is reportedly taking action to protect his son’s safety. According to The Sun, the personal trainer got in touch with the police after Katie posted a video on social media of Jett sitting in a moving car without a seatbelt on. The eight-year-old was filming himself, with the video then uploaded to TikTok. Jett was wearing a bright green T-shirt and a seatbelt could not be clearly seen across his body. The fine for not wearing a seatbelt is a possible £500, since it is a legal requirement. A representative for the PT told The Sun that Kieran has ‘spoken to the authorities’. ‘This isn’t the first incident,’ they claimed, with an insider supposedly adding that ‘his children’s safety is the most important thing’. Kieran’s claims only add to Katie’s legal worries, following her appearance in court today. The 43-year-old reality star was accused of calling Kieran’s new partner, Michelle Penticost, a ‘c***ing wh**e’ and a ‘gutter s**g’ back in January, while also accusing them of having an affair. As a result, the I’m A Celeb star was issued with a restraining order and banned from contacting Michelle directly or indirectly on June 3 2019, under the terms of a five-year restraining order. She was also being fined hundreds of pounds for hurling a foul-mouthed ‘tirade of abuse’ at her during a row in a school playground. However, this morning, Katie stood in the dock to confirm her name, address and date of birth, before pleading not guilty to the single charge. Reps for Katie Price have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Countryfile presenter Helen Skelton recalled ‘crushing loneliness’ after moving to France for husband Richie Myler MORE : The Mystery of Marilyn Monroe: New Netflix documentary debunks major rumour about star’s tragic death 