An explorer has found an abandoned hospital with patient samples, blood-stained beds and an eerie warning to unwelcome visitors. Urban explorer Gaby, from the US, discovered the creepy property after researching online and deciding to explore it with her boyfriend, Sonny. Gaby, 24, has not shared the location of the hospital but noted that it closed in 2001 and the journey to get there was very long. During their expedition, Gaby and Sonny explored multiple floors including patient rooms, ER rooms and medication areas. Supplies such as medicine and surgical equipment were left scattered around the facility. Gaby says the building itself is in a state of disrepair: the floors are covered in debris and dirt, while some areas have extensive water damage – and ceiling tiles are collapsing onto the floor, as a result. Nevertheless, some areas strangely remain untouched, including one of the main surgical suites, which looks only slightly dishevelled. Gaby shared clips of the hospital on her TikTok account (@urbex_muse) with her 1.5 million followers. In one of the videos, she reveals a room with ‘don’t leave’ spray painted on the walls and shows the viewers all of her finds. The video has garnered more than 3.8 million views since it was posted. In the comments, one person wrote: ‘So you’re telling me all I have to do is go to an old abandoned hospital and frame someone for murder? I’m not thinking about it.’ While another added: ‘The fact that it looks like they left in a hurry makes it so much scarier.’ Gaby says they first made their way through the various patient rooms in the building. ‘They still had all of the beds and equipment left inside,’ she explains. ‘The floors in these rooms were covered with an assortment of supplies, from fall risk tags and oxygen tanks to bandages and old needles. ‘One of these rooms specifically had a red spray-painted “help” on the wall, which added to the eerie feel as we continued down the dark hallway. ‘Further into the hospital we found their emergency room, which had additional beds set up as well as a fully stocked-supply closet with more bandages and other medical supplies. ‘We also found two rooms in particular with amazing blue surgical lights and patient beds, likely used for any patients coming into the ER who needed to be examined. ‘We entered the surgical suites which were incredibly eerie to be inside of. ‘The entire setup felt as if someone had just left after the final surgical procedure before the hospital closed its doors – with the anaesthesia machines still in place and the cabinets still full of suture thread, surgical tools and metal basins to hold soiled dressings and medical waste.’ Gaby also explains that the most shocking finds were in the phlebotomy office. ‘We found old blood bags as well as patient blood samples inside of a decaying fridge that dated back over twenty years ago,’ she says. ‘Seeing this location was something I had really been looking forward to since I had seen a few other explorers go and was mesmerised by the amount of supplies left behind. ‘In particular the leftover blood bags felt quite shocking, especially since that is something I have never come across on an explore before. ‘I was so excited because every corner of this hospital was still full to the brim with supplies, and that combined with the level of decay made it easily one of my top explorations to date.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Four best friends who met aged three are still inseparable 80 years later MORE : Oldest working mountain dog honoured with award for her 11 years of brilliant service MORE : This one-bedroom basement flat could be all yours for £6k – but it’s a bit creepy inside