Erik ten Hag has reportedly instructed Manchester United chiefs not to sell Marcus Rashford if he takes charge. The Ajax boss is edging closer to finalising his switch to Old Trafford with widespread reports claiming he’s seen off competition from Mauricio Pochettino to take over the reins in the summer. One of Ten Hag’s first tasks will be to make a decision on Rashford’s future amid suggestions he could leave in the summer given his struggles this season. The Sun claim United chiefs are hoping to convince the forward to stay on even though his latest omission from the 1-1 draw with Leicester despite being the club’s only recognised striker was a low point for the 24-year-old, who is under contract until 2023. Ten Hag, along with the other candidates who interviewed for the permanent job, reportedly made it clear to United bosses that they’d want Rashford to stay and be a part of their rebuilding plans. Rashford has interest from the likes of PSG, Atletico Madrid and Barcelona but United are still showing faith in him despite the academy graduate only netting five goals this season. Ten Hag does have plans to bring in his own players with Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves thought to be one but he is hopeful he won’t need to replace Rashford. A source told the paper: ‘Marcus is having a really tough time this season — especially in the games where he has not started even though United didn’t have another striker available. ‘It’s happened a couple of times, so he is concerned that Ralf Rangnick just doesn’t fancy him. ‘But the club have let him know that the contenders for the manager’s job have told them that he is a vital asset to the club – and would still figure strongly in their plans to rebuild. ‘So now Marcus is just staying calm.’ Rashford will be hoping for a chance to add to his goal tally this season when United face Everton on Saturday. MORE : Erik ten Hag willing to give forgotten Man Utd player Donny van de Beek a second chance if appointed MORE : Rio Ferdinand urges Manchester United to copy Arsenal and back Erik ten Hag For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 