Sol, a cheeky and loveable ginger cat, has becoming critically ill – and vets are stumped as to why. The three-year-old cat caught haemoplasma, a rare blood infection, and now has a fever, as well as seizures. He gets taken to the vet often and remains poorly. Why he’s still so unwell isn’t clear to vets – meaning there might be an underlying cause to the mystery illness. Ali Moraes, who has had Sol since he was 12 weeks old, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘I knew he was the cat for me because out of his litter mates he was the most playful and cheeky character, and I felt a bond with him straight away. ‘We realised Sol was unwell in December. After many tests, he was diagnosed with haemoplasma, which is seen in 3.6% of cats, in late January. It can be transmitted it utero and from one infected cat to another.’ Ali, a 29-year-old cat lover, has other pet cats, Rio and Lu, so they were all checked and treated for the illness too. ‘His siblings were tested and treated for haemoplasma, but only Sol has a severe case,’ she says. ‘It’s important to treat them all simultaneously, otherwise they can re-infect one another. ‘Sol’s condition has had a huge impact on our daily lives. He’s had to be admitted to hospital several times already for supportive care to bring down his fever. ‘He also needs daily medication and was prescribed antibiotics for eight weeks initially. ‘The blood condition is treatable and most cats do recover after the infection, but it is a long process. The problem is, since recovering from that he’s still been so unwell.’ Ali lives in Brighton with her pets and is distraught by Sol’s confusing condition. Describing him as ‘shy, but affectionate and gentle’, the little guy ‘loves belly rubs, surveying his kingdom from his cat tree and food – he dislikes dogs and the vets’, which is sad given how much time he needs to spend there. To make him well again, Ali is paying for costly treatments and has launched a fundraiser to help. She says: ‘The fundraising target is currently £7,500. ‘We have raised £6,000 so far, but most of this has gone towards Sol’s previous medical bills, and his treatment is still ongoing. ‘The vet has recommended we have Sol admitted to hospital again, as his fever is currently too high. ‘So the target may need to be raised depending on the total cost of his inpatient fees. We were quoted a minimum of £500 per day. ‘He deserves a chance to live.’ Sol’s mysterious fever is still up to 41.6c, and further investigations are needed. Ali continues: ‘We have been advised by the private vets that Sol needs a abdominal ultrasound costing £800-1000, because his kidneys felt swollen on the abdominal palpitation. ‘The vet has also recommended hospital admission to manage the fever, but as we were quoted £500 a day for this (and anything up to £1000) we are not able to admit him again until we raise the funds to do so. ‘It has been devastating to find out he has such a rare illness so young, and we were absolutely shocked and heartbroken. ‘Sol is not just a pet, he is a member of our family.’ Ali has been ‘overwhelmed’ by the generosity of those who have donated and send kinds messages. Despite how difficult it’s been, Ali is ‘optimistic based on the prognosis given that Sol will make a full recovery in time if he can continue to get the life saving medical treatment he needs.’ It’s now suspected that he might have a rare bacterial infection, but nothing is confirmed yet and plenty more tests would need to be conducted – amounting to higher bills. A specialist at the Royal Veterinary College said they found no evidence of anything sinister, such as cancer. Recently one of Ali’s other cats needed unexpected emergency surgery, which has resulted in even more costs. Ali says: ‘They believe what Sol has is treatable, and none of the investigations so far or medical evidence suggests otherwise. There are no other conditions at play we know of, and no evidence of any terminal illness. ‘Sol has got me through some very difficult times – he never gave up on me, so I am not going to give up on him. ‘I will do everything in my power so Sol can have the chance to live a normal life that he deserves. ‘He’s fought this every step of the way and never lost his spirit.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Cat becomes social media sensation by showing off his kitchen skills MORE : Cat moves into police station and lands job as chief mouser MORE : Cat is finally reunited with family – nine years after going missing