Harry Maguire has vowed he will not be forced out of Manchester United after he and his family were the subjects of a terrifying bomb threat on Wednesday. The Red Devils captain received an email claiming a device had been planted at the home he shares with his fiance, Ferne Hawkins, and their two young children. Maguire received the message shortly after he returned home following Tuesday night’s chastening 4-0 defeat against rivals Liverpool at Anfield. Cheshire Police searched the defender’s Alderley Edge property but no device was found, while a second sweep of the house also failed to unearth evidence of a serious threat. Despite what appears to have been a hoax, Maguire was said to have been shaken by the incident but has told close friends the incident has only strengthened his resolve. The 29-year-old has endured a difficult season in which he has been singled out for heavy criticism by a string of former United players, most notably Roy Keane, while he was jeered by England supporters at Wembley earlier this month. A source close to the defender told The Sun last night: ‘Harry will not be forced out of Manchester United by this kind of threat. ‘His number one priority will always be the safety of his family but he’s also got the strength of character to deal with this. It looks like the work of some cowardly fan. ‘If that proves to be the case, they are an utter disgrace to the name of this proud football club.’ United signed Maguire for £80million from Leicester City in the summer of 2019 and promoted him to the position of club captain during Ole Gunnar Solskjaer’s tenure. The arrival of Cristiano Ronaldo and a new defensive partner, Raphael Varane, appears to have impinged on Maguire’s authority and affected his peformances. Erik ten Hag’s appointment as United’s next permanent manager has only served to intensify the speculation surrounding Maguire’s future, especially given reports that Ten Hag is prioritising a move for his former Ajax charge Matthijs de Ligt. MORE : Erik ten Hag can restore belief into talented Manchester United squad, says Old Trafford hero Bryan Robson MORE : Jamie Carragher tells Man Utd targets Declan Rice and Jude Bellingham to ‘run a mile’ from Old Trafford For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 