Most of us store our milk in the fridge door. It’s what we have always done and most of us just presume it’s the correct thing to do. However, an expert has now revealed why you should never store your carton of milk in the fridge door. And we will most definitely change our fridge filling ways. Food safety worker Theresa Keane has shared how to organise your fridge so your food and drinks last longer. Theresa says that instead of placing your milk inside the fridge door, store it on the shelves instead. This area of the fridge is usually cooler and will insure your milk will keep longer. ‘This is especially true if your fridge isn’t cool enough,’ she tells Metro.co.uk ‘Storing milk in the allocated area in the fridge door is fine so long as the fridge is holding the correct temperature that is between 0 and 5c. ‘Always keep a check on how cold your milk is to drink or touch. The milk container should be too cold to hold. Then only buy the amount of milk you know you will use up relatively quickly. Buy small and often.’ In terms of food storage, Theresa says the main aim is to avoid cross contamination. ‘Regardless of whether or not they are chilled, we must circumvent the mixing of raw and ready to eat foods,’ she explains. ‘Raw foods like raw meat and fish should be stored on the bottom of the fridge in covered containers to avoid biological cross contamination and the dripping of blood. ‘Raw vegetables that may have soil still attached should be washed dried and also kept in a covered container and always above raw meat and fish. In general having loose foods placed in lidded containers is a good idea and prolongs shelf life.’ Finally, Theresa urges people to not overfill your fridge. Having a fridge that is too full can prevent air circulating properly between food items. This means some products will not get the cold air they need. Theresa adds: ‘Overloading is very risky as cross contamination of hazards like allergens and biological elements can happen. ‘Even physical hazards like pieces of plastic can get into other foods if your fridge is bulging.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nutritionist shares top tips for staying healthy on a budget MORE : Surprising ways you can use your leftover Easter chocolate in savoury recipes MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: Fluffy cauli-peas muffins that are perfect lunchbox fillers