Getting off the train at Brighton, you can immediately feel its energy. For this is a 24/7 destination that’s renowned for nightlife, culture and simply having fun, and happens to be the UK’s most LGBTQ+ friendly city outside London. Although a magnet for weekend breakers and hen parties, away from the bustle of the seafront and tourist traps, you’ll find thriving community-minded neighbourhoods offering schools, green spaces, great pubs and independent shops, with the South Downs on the doorstep. George IV was instrumental in Brighton’s growth and his legacy is its magnificent pavilion and elegant Regency squares. It also has Victorian and Edwardian terraces and villas, interwar and modern housing, including ex-local authority. ‘First-time buyers like Hanover, Kemptown and central Brighton, and families look slightly further out at areas such as Preston Park for more space,’ says James Cannon of estate agency Fox & Sons ‘Three-bedroom Victorian terraces in Hanover are £500,000-£550,000 whereas in the golden triangle in Fiveways, in the catchment of sought-after primaries, they’re close to £1million.’ He recommends the Lewes Road area as value for money. ‘It’s going through a transition with families buying houses that were previously let to students. ‘One-bed flats start at about £200,000 and three-bed ex-local authority houses from £300,000.’ With the English Channel to the south and the South Downs to the north, space to build substantial developments is very limited. Preston Barracks, on a former MoD-owned site on Lewes Road, is a rare exception. Here, housing association Optivo is delivering studio, one and two-bed apartments at Home X, featuring floor-to-ceiling windows, kitchens fitted with smart and energy-efficient Siemens integrated appliances and bathrooms rocking matt black fixtures and fittings. They start from £231,000, with Help to Buy. One, two and three-bed flats are for sale in Edward Street Quarter, a mixed-use, very central scheme. Many have private outside space, and residents can enjoy sunsets and sea views from the roof terrace. A short walk from Brighton station, The Heritage Collection comprises oneand two-bed apartments in a converted period building. They incorporate sash windows and original features, from £300,000, via Savills and Oakley Property. Russell Square is also very conveniently located, moments from the seafront. The light-filled one and two-bed apartments start from £385,000, and there’s a concierge and lift, via Fox & Sons. Sapphire Hove is made up of 35 apartments and ten mews houses with underground parking, 500 metres from the beach at Hove. On-site amenities include a concierge, community hub and co-working spaces, from £437,000 for a one-bed with Help to Buy available, through Hamptons. And Hyde has just launched shared ownership homes at Amberdown, also in Hove. From £108,000 for a 40 per cent share of one-bed with full market value £270,000. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Rent: Scarlett and Xandice, £1,050 a month for a two-bedroom flat in Brighton MORE : What I Own: Sales manager Tom, who bought his Winchmore Hill flat with Help To Buy MORE : Tinie Tempah on his first house: ‘There was a two metre-long giraffe head’