Jabs at a ‘Covid-19 festival’ in London cost more than £500 per person, it has been revealed. The four-day event was held by Tower Hamlets Council last summer and promised live music and free food. Council chiefs had hoped to entice more people, in particular the younger generation, to get vaccinated. But a Freedom of Information request from the East London Advertiser has shown just 435 people received a jab over the four-day period. The festival cost the council a hefty £237,235 – meaning each jab administered was worth more than £535. And pictures from the festival, which ran from July 30 to August 2, show empty benches and a sparse number of families in attendance. A Tower Hamlets Council spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Throughout the Covid-19 pandemic we have worked hard to keep Tower Hamlets safe, including vaccinating as many residents as possible and working to address vaccine hesitancy. ‘The vaccine event at Langdon Park, funded by Covid-19 grants from central government, was set up to help vaccinate young residents, where data was showing a low uptake in this group. ‘Councils across the country have been actively encouraged to use funding to deliver vaccines in new and innovative ways, which is important in efforts to address vaccine hesitancy and low uptake in particular groups.’ At the time, the vaccination rate for all three jabs for Tower Hamlets residents was 55.7%, according to official government figures, compared to a UK national average of 67.6%. Some of the 435 jabbed at the event said they just ‘happened upon the festival’ after hearing the sound of music or catching a whiff of freshly made burgers. They included Dhilshana Shiraj, who got her second dose of the Pfizer vaccine at the event. She told the Guardian: ‘I could get the jab and bring the kids along as well, so they could enjoy themselves.’ The Tower Hamlets Council spokesperson added: ‘Every vaccine in the arm of a resident helps prevent severe illness from Covid-19, build immunity and keep people safe. ‘We continue to work to increase vaccination rates through novel approaches including our mobile vaccination bus, events, and clinics in community spaces. ‘Learning is taken from all our work to deliver vaccines, to ensure clinics and events are as effective as possible and deliver value for money.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.