Britain’s Got Talent star Francine Lewis, who left viewers speechless when she accused her husband of having an affair live during a GB News interview, has said she’s ‘overwhelmed’ by the support she’s received. Francine, 47, found success on the ITV talent show in 2013, after winning over the panel and viewers with her incredible impressions. She appeared on Friday’s edition of the GB News lunchtime show to share how she lost her £90,000 BGT fortune to scam artists after she and her husband invested the money with a fake stockbroker company. But at the end of the segment, she dropped quite the bombshell, by claiming her husband Joel Ryan, 43, had been having an affair behind her back. After the interview aired, Francine took to Twitter, writing: ‘Im overwhelmed with the wonderful messages i have received after my @GBNEWS interview. I never air my dirty laundry or talk about personal things but it was so heartbreaking to receive this news and to see the messages sent! ‘I was not going to cancel being on the show but it just came out as it was still so angry and it was so raw. Im human and couldn’t keep it in!’ Francine had told the hosts on GB News: ‘‘There are mini scams going on all the time, but do you know what’s ironic? I stuck with my husband, through this whole thing, got through it all. ‘Last night I found out he was cheating on me with his best friend’s girlfriend,’ she said, leaving Patrick Christys pretty speechless. He simply responded: ‘Gosh, right,’ before Francine went into more detail on the situation. She said: ‘I wish I’d gone there and then, because he put me in that situation, and now he’s put me in this situation… I’m devastated.’ ‘Are you alright?’ Patrick asked,’ with Francine sharing: ‘I will be, I’m still in shock and numb, but you know what? I’ll get through it, I have to. I’ve got two children.’ ‘That must be devastating,’ he added, with Inaya Folarin Iman remarking: ‘You are a very strong woman.’ Patrick added: ‘Incredibly strong, that must be devastating. Hopefully, he’s watching, eh?’ Becoming emotional, Francine admitted: ‘I just feel like such an idiot. ‘No, no, no, stop right there, you’re not an idiot at all. This kind of thing can happen to anyone at any time, and the bravery and courage to come on and talk about it speaks volumes of your character,’ Patrick reassured her. Putting on her best Katie Price impression, she replied: ‘Oh well, looks like another divorce, what can I say? I love that.’ Francine shares two children, Brooke and Jake, with Joel, who she married back in 2010. She concluded her appearance by performing her take on Sharon Osbourne: ‘You know what Mrs, don’t let these men get to you. These scammers, me and my Ozzy will not let that happen. According to the MailOnline, Joel denied the allegations and told GB News: ‘I haven’t had an affair and I totally deny all of the claims made against me. ‘I sent some messages to a friend’s partner and I hugely regret sending them, but I did not cheat or have an affair. ‘I love Francine very much and I am ashamed of what I did and deeply sorry for the hurt I have caused. I just want to focus on my marriage.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent star Francine Lewis throws GB News hosts by accusing husband of affair live on air: ‘I found out last night’ 