Rio Ferdinand has said that his wife Kate Ferdinand doesn’t think he’s ‘home enough’ and that she also feels he ‘doesn’t manage his work commitments well’. The former Manchester United pro, 43, admitted that it’s been a ‘very very emotional time’ since his wife gave birth to their 16-month-old son Cree in December 2020. Also revealing that he’s attempting to ‘get some balance in his life’ the star said that he and the 30-year-old former Towie star Kate have been working out with one another, but he said that she’s ‘ultra-competitive’. Joining Diversity’s Jordan and Perri Banjo in the studio, the sports pundit said: ‘Listen you know what’s it like when women have babies, it’s a very, very emotional time.’ When he was asked how he manages to juggle a busy schedule with his family life, the former sports pro said that it’s not as easy as it looks. Rio then revealed on Tuesday’s KISS Breakfast: ‘My wife will say I’m not managing it well, I’m not at home enough! You try and get balance in your life… being a dad and a husband is the first and foremost of what you get up and strive to be the best at. ‘Then obviously other stuff takes place as well. The gym workouts in the morning with my Mrs is a good time as well. I’m lucky to be able to do that.’ Elsewhere, the former sports professional claimed that Kate ‘ain’t on his level’ when it comes to their fitness routine, however, on Friday nights, the couple do like to indulge in the odd takeaway. Discussing his wife’s competitive nature, he said: ‘She’s ultra-competitive. She ain’t on my levels obviously. But she’s proper competitive and do you know what, I’m full of admiration for her as well for the way she gets up, she gets into it. ‘Listen you know what’s it like when women have babies, it’s a very, very emotional time and obviously, they’re looking at their bodies and want to bounce back and stuff like that. ‘There’s a lot of pressure now with social media and stuff like that. She just gets her head down. And what I like about her is that food-wise we still get to eat a lot of what we want to eat, and we get a takeaway on a Friday. ‘We just do it in the right way, she’s diligent. Listen, I love working out. It sets the right tone for your mind and your body for the rest of the day.’ When Perri suggested ‘couples that work out together stay together’, Rio responded, ‘Yeah, we will.’ Kate began dating Rio in 2017, two years after his wife Rebecca died following a battle with breast cancer. In 2018, the couple got engaged after Rio proposed to the star while they were on holiday in Abu Dhabi. Speaking on the Parenting Hell podcast, she discussed the changing dynamic she noticed with Rio and Rebecca’s three children Lorenz, 15, Tate, 13, and Tia, 10, as they become teenagers. She insisted that she doesn’t want to take the place of their mother, and, that learning about Rebecca made her a better parent. She said: ‘Their mum is a massive part of our lives and always will be. I would never want the children to think I am taking the role of (Rebecca). ‘I am a maternal figure to them but their mum is their mum. She is part of our lives. We talk about her all the time. It is really weird but I feel like I know her.’ She added: ‘For me to be the best parent to my three step-children I need to know her and know what she would do. I embrace all of that. ‘When I look back it was hard. But I have got this mentality, I love Rio and if I love Rio then this has to work. ‘I want to be part of everything. I wouldn’t want to be a half-hearted step mum. If I love him and the kids I need to be part of everything.’ She added: ‘It was hard and it is up and down sometimes because the children have been through so much. I am so lucky and grateful to have them.’ MORE : Kris Jenner slammed for ‘rude’ and ‘disgusting’ behaviour towards her driver MORE : Kim Kardashian’s first husband Damon Thomas rubbishes claims she was ‘on ecstacy’ at their wedding 