The Wagner Group is notorious, dangerous and feared. It also doesn’t exist. Russia has been accused of using private military contractors in conflicts the Kremlin has an interest in around the world for years. It has built a network of hardened mercenaries who have fought across Africa and the Middle East and are on the ground in Ukraine right now. But it does not legally exist as a single entity and analysts are still debating how to define it and how it operates. It’s clear that private soldiers loyal to the Kremlin – and, unlike other guns for hire, no one else – have carried out operations beneficial to the Russian government. And yet private military companies remain outlawed in Russia and the Kremlin denies any relationship. So what exactly is the Wagner Group, how was it founded and what is it doing in Ukraine? Defining the Wagner Group isn’t easy, a task made more difficult by the legal grey area in which it operates. Russia’s law prevents it from being formally registered in the country and, while Vladimir Putin publicly acknowledged its existence once in 2018, its status is murkier than other similar groups, including ones registered in the UK. It appears not to exist formally as a single entity and is instead more like a network of different, overlapping groups operating in various parts of the world. It is made up of private military contractors. Like other similar groups based around the world, it is primarily made up of former soldiers and security personnel who go into war zones for profit. There’s nothing new abouts guns for hire selling their services to the highest bidder – but Wagner Group soldiers are different. The force is ideologically committed to Vladimir Putin and Russia, effectively operating as an extension of the army but officially kept at arm’s length. The Russian government has consistently denied any ties to the group but Western governments say it is highly integrated with the state. According to the Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS), a US-based foreign policy think tank, its ‘operations are deeply intertwined with the Russian military and intelligence community’. Ukrainian intelligence has previously released what it said were intercepted calls revealing Wagner Group leaders speaking directly with Russian military intelligence commanders, suggesting a high level of coordination. Its soldiers have been active in Ukraine since 2014 and have also fought in Syria, Libya, Central African Republic and Mali, where it stands accused of massacring 300 people in a single village just last month. Analysts say using private contractors allows the Kremlin to engage in controversial or illegal operations while maintaining a degree of deniability. Using private military groups also allows the Kremlin to keep costs down and avoid official military casualties it will one day have to tell the public about. Publicly available information on how the Wagner Group operates is scarce. Kimberly Marten, a leading expert on the organisation at Columbia University, has traced its foundations back to 2005 and found its roots in older private military groups. It’s widely believed Russian veteran Dmity Utkin has been involved since the early days and one theory behind the Wagner name is that it is drawn from his own call sign. Few images exist of Utkin but one appears to show he has Nazi tattoos, which would lend credence to the link between his chosen call sign and the group’s name (Wagner being Adolf Hitler’s favourite composer). He is a career soldier who fought in Chechnya before joining Russia’s overseas military intelligence agency and in 2016 was pictured alongside Vladimir Putin as he was given a prestigious military award. The foundations of the group are disputed but even if Utkin is indeed the man who started it all, the CSIS says it ‘cannot be verified whether Utkin initiated the establishment of Wagner Group or was only a frontman for someone else’. Bellingcat, an investigative journalism operation which has uncovered secrets going to the heart of Putin’s Russia, unearthed evidence last year indicating that Utkin is merely the face of the operation (including a job application he sent just a few months before the group started fighting in Ukraine). Given the group doesn’t appear to exist as a single entity, it’s likely there are several commanders operating different units with varying levels of communication between them. Yevgeny Prigozhin, a businessman nicknamed ‘Putin’s chef’ because of his catering contracts with the Kremlin, is thought to be behind the funding of the group. Incarcerated in a Soviet prison as a young man for stealing, he would go on to set up a hot dog stall which became a restaurant business and eventually a catering behemoth. MORE : In the court of Tsar Putin: The key Kremlin figures behind the Ukraine war His company has secured billions of pounds worth of government contracts to feed schoolchildren and soldiers and analysts believe these payments are used to funnel Kremlin money to private forces. Mr Prigozhin has always denied any involvement with the Wagner Group. He is wanted by the FBI over alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election and accused of links to disinformation operations based in Russia, which he also denies. Ukraine’s government says Wagner Group operatives have been in the country since 2014 and there has been a surge since the most recent invasion. It says it has rebranded as Liga in recent months and has referred to it as such in statements, although the old name continues to be used by Western governments. The BBC said it had seen evidence of mercenaries being invited to join the operation in Ukraine, which it referred to as a ‘picnic’ and specifically extended the call to arms to fighters barred from other units because of debts or criminal records. Officials in Kyiv say hundreds of its soldiers were sent to lie low in the capital before the invasion began and await instruction to assassinate Volodymyr Zelensky. The Ukrainian president is believed to have survived several attempts on his life, partly thanks to disgruntled elements in Russia’s intelligence service which have tipped off Ukraine, officials claim. It can’t be verified whether Wagner troops really were used to try and kill the president but the theoretical ability to put operational distance between the Kremlin and the man holding the gun are precisely why private military contractors could be useful to Vladimir Putin. This week, a report in the German newspaper Der Spiegel lent further credence to claims the group was operating in Kyiv when it reported German intelligence had intercepted phone calls detailing its soldier’s actions. In it, men can be heard discussing the killing of civilians in Bucha, a suburb of the capital where innocent people were found to have been executed with their hands tied behind their backs. One reportedly talks about how he and others shot dead a civilian on a bike, and another says: ‘First question soldiers, then shoot them.’ In March, the UK Ministry of Defence said Wagner troops were operating in the eastern regions of Ukraine and reiterated that assessment again this week. Prior to the invasion, the group was accused of staging false flag attacks in the Donbas to create a pretext for war. On March 20, the Institute for the Study of War said the Wagner Group ‘will likely facilitate the deployment of Libyan fighters to Ukraine’. MORE : What does Putin want? The story behind the Russia-Ukraine conflict The group has been active in Libya’s civil war on the side of Khalifa Haftar, a rogue general who has attacked the UN-recognised government in Tripoli. There have been no verified sightings of Libyan forces on the ground in Ukraine but organising ad hoc forces drawn from combat zones where the group is already active could be a core duty as the conflict drags on and normal troop ranks are depleted. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.