Dillian Whyte says he will target rematches against Tyson Fury and Anthony Joshua in addition to a showdown with Deontay Wilder. Whyte suffered the third defeat of his professional career at Wembley Stadium on Saturday night with Fury ending his WBC title challenge with a devastating sixth round uppercut. The Brixton heavyweight waited over 1000 days for his first title shot and insists he still wants to fight the best in the division with Wilder in his sights. ‘The Bronze Bomber’ has not fought since his back-to-back defeats with Fury but is expected to return to the ring this year. Whyte has already called for a rematch against Fury, whose future in the sport is uncertain after insisting he will now retire from boxing. ‘The Body Snatcher’ may not get his chance to avenge that defeat but could target a rematch against Joshua, who also scored a knockout victory against him in 2015. ‘I still want to fight the best,’ Whyte told Sky Sports. ‘Listen, win, lose or draw on Saturday, I would have a few more fights against the best guys and then retire. I still want to do the same thing. Nothing has changed. ‘I don’t know what Wilder is doing. I just need to come back and I want to fight everyone I lost to again and try to avenge my losses. ‘One hundred per cent [I can win a world title]. Even he [Fury] himself said it, I will be world champion one day, so let’s see.’ Whyte will have to wait and see how the dust settles in the heavyweight division with Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk set to meet again in their IBF, WBO and WBA championship showdown in July. ‘We’ve got to wait and see,’ said Whyte. ‘Opportunities are still there. I’m still one of the best fighters around. ‘Okay I’ve had a loss, I need one fight to come back, but it’s not the end of the world for me. My team are realists, and they’ll tell me straight you’re done. They would have told me, ‘Yeah, that’s it, you’re out.’ ‘It’s a hard pill to swallow obviously. At the time, I felt disappointed, because I felt like I disappointed everyone, but now we’ve calmed down and we’ve had a think about it, I’m going to have a little break with my family and stuff, and then I’m ready to go again. ‘We don’t quit, we just keep going.’ MORE : Ricky Hatton: Tyson Fury can be tempted back while Anthony Joshua rematch could loom for Dillian Whyte MORE : Frank Warren’s brutal response to Dillian Whyte’s request for Tyson Fury rematch For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 