Brenda Edwards marked her return to the Loose Women panel with a song, after taking time off to mourn the death of her son Jamal Edwards. The 53-year-old presenter has not appeared on the ITV programme since SBTV founder Edwards died suddenly at the age of 31 following a suspected heart attack on February 20. On Monday’s instalment of the daytime show, Brenda gave her first interview to co-host and friend Coleen Nolan, where she detailed her final moments with her son and how she has coped with the grief. Brenda also confirmed her return to the panel in an Instagram post, and earlier today the TV personality uploaded a video on Twitter of her belting out Sia’s Chandelier backstage. And her impressive vocals were met with high praise from The Script’s lead singer Danny O’Donoghue. Alongside the clip she wrote: ‘First show back @loosewomen with @ruthlangsford @coleen_nolan @kellebryan with bespoke liquorice jewellery and my corridor sessions today I dedicate to my baby Jamal who would love this cheeky cameo from the divine @thescript_danny#SelfBelief#loosewomen.’ Fans immediately sent their love for the star, with one writing: ‘It will be great to see you back Brenda, big step for you will be supporting you all the way!!’ ‘What a voice and what a woman.’ Ahead of Tuesday’s return to Loose Women, Coleen tweeted: ‘So looking forward to having my bestie @brenda_edwards back with us on the panel tomorrow. I’m in awe of your strength my friend #LooseWomen.’ Brenda previously confirmed the news of her son’s death in a statement shared with Good Morning Britain. Recalling the entrepreneur’s death, Brenda revealed: ‘I was with him. His sister was with us. We were all at home. ‘It was sudden and it was unexpected and he went into a cardiac arrest and he passed with me holding his hand.’ ‘I get a little bit of comfort from knowing that I was with him,’ she said. Brenda added however that, while she was glad she was there for him at the end, it was ‘a vision that I’m never going to forget’. Loose Women airs weekdays at 12pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon offers sneak peek at wedding dress after choosing dream gown: ‘I never want to forget this feeling’ MORE : Brenda Edwards reveals son Jamal ‘died holding my hand’ during emotional Loose Women return 