North Korea has warned yet again that it would use nuclear weapons ‘preemptively’ in response to ‘threatening moves’. Kim Jong-un held a late-night military parade on Monday, where he showed off North Korea’s array of tanks and missiles. At the event, he said his dictatorship would continue to ‘strengthen and develop its nuclear forces at the maximum speed’. Now, he has not only reiterated this commitment but included a stark warning to the world. He said his nuclear military would be able to ‘preemptively and thoroughly contain and frustrate all dangerous attempts and threatening moves, including ever-escalating nuclear threats from hostile forces, if necessary,’ the North’s official Korean Central News Agency reported on Saturday. Kim made the comments while praising his army officials for pulling off the parade in Pyongyang. The celebration, marking the 90th anniversary of North Korea’s army, comes at the end of Kim’s year-long campaign to step up his nuclear arsenal. Kim wants the US to lift its crippling sanctions but is not prepared to denuclearise in return. This was the major reason negotiations between North Korea and the US stalled in 2019. They have not yet started up again – especially as the Joe Biden administration focuses on the invasion of Ukraine. Kim seems to be using the West’s attention on Ukraine in his favour as the UN Security Council remains divided and effectively paralysed over the war in Europe. So far this year, North Korea has conducted 13 rounds of weapons launches, including its first full-range test of an intercontinental ballistic missile since 2017. There are also signs that the dictatorship is rebuilding tunnels at a nuclear testing ground that was last active in 2017. Some believe Kim may try to conduct a new test sometime between the inauguration of South Korean President-elect Yoon Suk Yeol on May 10 and his planned summit with Joe Biden on May 21 – to maximise its political effect. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.