Get ready for some tears. The internet is in emotional bits after a man shared the last birthday card his grandmother gave him. On Reddit ‘s MadeMeSmile forum, he shared the beautiful message she sent him for his 47th birthday. The post was captioned: ‘My 98-year-old grandma has been making me birthday cards for years. ‘This one is the most plain of them all, but meant the most.’ The man’s grandmother had typed a beautiful message on a piece of plain paper and printed it off. It reads: ‘Happy birthday [name redacted]. ‘You have blessed my life for 47 years. ‘This will be my last time trying to write on computer and doing it as hands don’t want to write and now memory going fast, but trying to do a birthday card for you my dear precious [name redacted]. ‘Love you so much, Grandma [name redacted].’ Fellow Reddit users blown away by the beautiful and heartfelt note. ‘This hit me in the feels,’ wrote one user. Another added: ‘Treasure this, forever.’ A third person shared a tip on how to keep the note in perfect condition for years to come. They commented: ‘Get yourself an acid-free archival folder and keep that card in there and store it somewhere safe. That is priceless and beautiful. ‘Thank you for sharing it with us.’ Another suggested framing it. ‘It’s a written record, undeniable evidence, of love,’ they added. ‘Trust me, when they’ve gone, there’s nothing like it to reminisce about the times you had with them, the love you had for each other.’ In the comments, the man shared more information about his grandma. ‘She lost her husband, my 97-year-old grandpa this year,’ he wrote. ‘Makes me realise, especially with this card, that I will be losing her too. ‘Both were rocks in my life.’ ‘Sometimes you are lucky enough to have the best gma in the world.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Gran can’t hide her disappointment at gender reveal party MORE : Woman shares what it’s like to go through the menopause at just 15 MORE : How to start solotasking – everything you need to know