Daniel Craig has reportedly tested positive for Covid-19, resulting in his lined-up performances of Macbeth on Broadway being cancelled. The 54-year-old James Bond actor is currently starring on Broadway in New York opposite Ruth Negga, in a Sam Gold-directed production of Macbeth. The announcement happened less than two hours before the scheduled matinee performance on Saturday. In a statement, the producers said: ‘Today’s matinee and evening performance of Macbeth are cancelled due to Daniel Craig just testing positive for Covid this afternoon.’ They added: ‘We apologise for the inconvenience this causes ticket holders, but the safety of our audiences, the cast and crew remains our top priority. All tickets for the cancelled performance will be refunded at the point of purchase.’ Preview performances for the production began on March 29, and the play is scheduled to have its official opening April 28. In a tweet, Macbeth on Broadway wrote: ‘PERFORMANCE UPDATE FOR SATURDAY, APRIL 2 Today’s matinee and evening performance of MACBETH are cancelled due to Daniel Craig just testing positive for Covid this afternoon.’ Daniel was last on stage in 2013, in a revival of Harold Pinter’s Betrayal opposite his wife Rachel Weisz. He also starred opposite Hugh Jackman in 2009’s A Steady Rain. Sam previously directed him in a 2016 off-Broadway production of Othello, alongside David Oyelowo. It comes after Oscar-winner Billie Eilish revealed she was concerned that her James Bond theme tune No Time To Die wouldn’t be ‘good enough’ for Daniel. Speaking on Deadline’s Crew Call podcast with her brother and co-writer Finneas O’Connell, she said: ‘Daniel had to be the one to sign off on it and it’s a really big deal to him, it’s his entire last 17 years or something, and that’s a lot for him. ‘It was his last film, it’s something that has taken over his life for as long as he’s done it and been incredibly important. ‘Of course this movie is going to be the most important because it’s the last one. The song needs to be good. I didn’t know if it was going to be good enough for him.’ However, Billie and Finneas had nothing to worry about, and Daniel could not have been happier with the result. She revealed: ‘But then it went into the movie and when we met Daniel Craig he was just the most charming, kind, amazing person and he was so complimentary and it meant so much to me.’ Metro.co.uk have contacted Daniel Craig’s representatives for comment. MORE : Mel Gibson awkwardly swerves question on Will Smith’s Oscars slap as publicist cuts interview off MORE : Gogglebox star Mica Ven reveals secret battle with alopecia after viewing the Oscars’ slap 