Prince Harry and Meghan will be given ‘VVIP’ status when they travel to the Netherlands for the Invictus Games, affording them top level local protection. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex will be accompanied by their own private security team at the event, in what will be Meghan’s first trip to Europe since they quit as senior working royals more than two years ago and moved to the US. Security sources confirmed that the couple will also be protected by in-country officials, after being given Very Very Important Persons status. This means they will have direct links to all law enforcement and emergency services. The trip comes just weeks after Harry stayed away from his grandfather’s memorial service in London’s Westminster Abbey, amid a legal battle with the British government about his security. The prince claims it isn’t safe for him to visit the UK because his Met Police protection was removed when he stopped working as a senior royal. Sources told The Mirror that the Dutch national police’s Royal and Diplomatic Security Service will have overall responsibility for the Sussexes at the Invictus Games. . it is understood a ‘detailed extraction process’ has been drawn up in the event of a terror attack, while the couple are also said to have undergone a ‘hostile environment’ training course to protect their team. One source close to the Sussex camp said: ‘Harry and Meghan have received absolute top assurances that there is no credible threat to their safety. ‘This is the view of the Dutch authorities and other agencies across the continent. ‘In any case, as they are attending a high profile event in the Netherlands both the Duke and Duchess have been classed as VVIPs for the duration of their stay and overall responsibility for their safety at all times while in the Netherlands will be with the Dutch authorities.’ It comes after it emerged Harry and Meghan will not get an audience with King Willem-Alexander and Queen Máxima during their stay, nor be offered a room in the royal palace in The Hague. Traditionally, the Dutch royal family hosts stays of foreign royals, but no such olive branch has been extended to the Sussexes, accordind to the Daily Mail. Meghan and Harry will reportedly be followed by a Netflix film crew throughout their visit to the Netherlands. The couple signed a deal with the streaming giant, thought to be worth more than £100million, back in September 2020. Meghan will only stay for a ‘few days’ while Harry will stay for the duration of the Games, but it is not known whether he will visit his family in the UK as part of his trip. The former head of royal protection at Scotland Yard, Dai Davies, has said the idea that Harry is unable to come to the UK due to safety concerns is ‘sheer unadulterated nonsense’. Harry and Meghan’s tax-payer funded armed security was removed by the Home Office after they quit as working royals. The government has refused to reinstate it, even with Harry offering to pay for it. The duke is now bringing a claim against the government. He wants to bring his children to visit, but he and his family are ‘unable to return to his home’ because it is too dangerous, his legal representative has said. A spokesman for Harry confirmed earlier in March that he would miss the service for his grandfather, the Duke of Edinburgh, in April but that he hoped to visit the Queen soon. Metro.co.uk has contacted his reps for further comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 