Get ready, the cutest dog cafe is about to arrive in London. For the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, dog events experts Pop & Bark will pay homage to her Highness’ favourite breed: the Corgi. Corgi owners are being asked to flock to the upcoming spot in London, as well as dog fans who want to enjoy some pup love – as cuddles are allowed too. Excitingly, all the corgis will be off-lead and free to roam for a human-dog social experience. The Jubilee-themed event will be filled with plenty of shareable moments, making for an enviable Instagram post – especially as professional photographers will be there to snap the dogs. For older guests and Corgis, there will be a ‘chill zone’ to rest in, also suitable for more nervous pups. Afterwards, there will be an after party for all guests who choose to stay on the garden terrace. It’s the perfect English bash. As well as all the dog excitement, the cafe will be serving up cocktails, brunch and lunch dishes, as well as sweet treats. There will even be dog-friendly snacks like ‘lollipups’ and ‘dognuts’ served at a Pupuccino Bar. A mini market will be stationed there too, selling dog accessories. Anushka Fernando, who has organised the event, says: ‘Our breed-specific events are known to be the perfect way to socialise your dog and we decided to host our very first Corgi event to celebrate the Queen’s Jubilee. ‘Corgis have long been her favourite breed and what better way to honour her. ‘This is a day for Corgis, Owners and Corgi fans alike with lots to sniff and explore, treats and pupuccinos on arrival, playtime with fellow Corgis and heaps of fuss from the dog-loving humans coming.’ The Corgi Cafe can be found at the Refinery at Bankside on Sunday 29th May 2022, with the breed-specific Corgi Cafe time slots in the atfternoon. Tickets can be booked here which include a free Pupuccino with biscuit topper. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dog reunited with owner 10 years after being stolen in park MORE : The biological reason therapy dogs help us feel better MORE : Knitted corgis are being hidden around London for the Platinum Jubilee