The first pictures of the destruction caused by a Russian airstrike on a theatre in Mariupol have been released. The Donetsk Regional Drama Theatre was being used to shelter more than a thousand Ukrainian civilians when it was targeted on March 16 – despite there being signs outside the building that children were sheltering inside. It was estimated as many as 300 people were killed in the attack, a figure based on eyewitness accounts, while emergency services worked to pull survivors from the rubble. The central part of the three-storey venue collapsed with rubble blocking the entrance, initially obstructing rescuers from entering. However, the building – including a ‘relatively modern’ bomb shelter – withstood the attack sheltering dozens of mainly women and children inside. Soon after the airstrike, the Ukrainian Parliament’s human rights commissioner confirmed more than 1,300 people had been sheltering in the building. The new photos come as Volodymyr Zelensky said Ukraine had no choice but to negotiate to end the war, although admitted he and Vladimir Putin may not meet personally to host the talks. The Ukrainian president also accused Russian of carrying out atrocities against civilians in the town of Bucha, west of the capital Kyiv. ‘All of us, including myself, will perceive even the possibility of negotiations as a challenge,’ he said. ‘The challenge is internal, first of all, one’s own, human challenge. Then, when you pull yourself together, and you have to do it, I think that we have no other choice. The president called on Russia to acknowledge the unforgivable acts its troops were alleged to have done in Bucha. Images to have emerged from the show show bodies of civilians scattered across streets, but Russia’s foreign minister Sergei Lavrov said they were ‘staged’ and accused Ukraine and the West of concocting a false narrative. Russia’s envoy to the United Nations later insisted it would present evidence its troops were not involved. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.