A Government plan to send asylum seekers who cross the English Channel to Rwanda has been savaged by campaigners, charities, politicians, civil servants, lawyers and various other experts. More than 160 charities and campaign groups called on Boris Johnson to scrap the ‘shamefully cruel’ plans amid a fierce backlash – just hours after the eyebrow-raising scheme was announced. The Prime Minister insists his plan to detain and fly migrants more than 4,000 miles to East Africa at the taxpayer’s expense is not ‘draconian and lacking in compassion’. But protesters in London ridiculed the idea, while the anti-racism campaign group Hope Not Hate branded it ‘yet another absurd and despicable stunt’ distracting from partygate. The former Home Office Permanent Secretary Sir David Normington added: ‘It’s inhumane, it’s morally reprehensible, it’s probably unlawful and it may well be unworkable’, in an interview with BBC Panorama. Bond, the UK network of NGOs, and more than 160 other British organisations also condemned the move, claiming it is ‘fundamentally out of step with widespread public support for refugees in the UK’. Questions have already been raised about the huge cost of flying people to the country – with one Tory MP saying it would be cheaper to put people up in the Ritz. But the environmental impact of putting people on a plane for immigration processing appears to heavily contradict Government climate rhetoric, particularly while it hosted the Cop26 summit in Glasgow. In an open letter to the PM and Home Secretary Priti Patel, the letter’s signatories demanded that the Government scrap the scheme and ‘instead create humane and effective solutions’ for those seeking refuge in the UK. ‘Sending people seeking asylum to Rwanda will cause immense suffering, with the most vulnerable people bearing the brunt,’ they wrote. ‘This is a shamefully cruel way to treat people who have come to the UK to seek protection, fleeing persecution or conflict.’ They said it would be ‘cruel and immoral’, criticising Rwanda’s track record on human rights. The organisations claimed that the Government’s plan would also result in ‘more, not fewer, dangerous journeys – leaving more people at risk of being trafficked’. The cost of the plan was also questioned and estimated to be ‘astronomical’. The Government have not revealed how much money would need to be spent on the programme but the Refugee Council believes it could cost up to £1.4 billion a year. Ms Patel has struck a £120 million deal with Rwanda and cash for each removal is expected to follow. Pointing out that there would be further costs for detention, transportation, escorting and legal and administrative costs, the letter added: ‘It is ludicrous that such vast sums are being spent on this plan at the same time the Government has refused to help people hit by the cost-of-living crisis.’ It also warned that the carbon footprint generated by the flights would be ‘immense’ and ‘cannot be justified at this critical moment in the climate crisis’. The organisations asked if those sent to the country will include torture survivors, survivors of trafficking, children, and people with serious mental health problems. Earlier, Mr Johnson said the partnership would be ‘fully compliant with our international legal obligations’, while insisting Rwanda is ‘one of the safest countries in the world’ and is ‘globally recognised for its record of welcoming and integrating migrants’. But the PM, who is under pressure to resign over the partygate scandal, failed to mention that Rwanda’s human rights record has received international condemnation – including from the UK. Amnesty International UK’s refugee and migrant rights director, Steve Valdez-Symonds, warned that sending people seeking asylum in the UK to another country ‘let alone one with such a dismal human rights record’ is ‘the very height of irresponsibility’. But speaking at an airport in Kent, the PM said: ‘I just want to say something about Rwanda because I think there’s a risk of stereotyping here. ‘Rwanda has totally transformed over the last few decades, it’s a very, very different country from what it was. ‘This is not something that we’ve put together overnight, this has been nine months in preparation.’ That appears to have been news to a Home Office minister who last week said there was ‘no possibility’ of it happening. Refugees Minister Lord Richard Harrington had told LBC: ‘If it is happening in the Home Office, on the same corridor that I am in, they haven’t told me about it.’ The move comes in the same week that the PM, his wife Carrie, and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were fined for breaking their own Covid laws. That gained Mr Johnson the dubious distinction of becoming the first sitting PM in British history to have been found to have broken the law – and at least three more fines are expected to follow. A Government spokesperson said this evening that the world was facing a global migration crisis ‘on an unprecedented scale.’ ‘As part of our plans for reform, we have signed a world-leading migration partnership with Rwanda which will see those arriving dangerously, illegally or unnecessarily into the UK relocated to have their claims for asylum considered and, if recognised as refugees, to build their lives there’, they explained. ‘This will help break the people smugglers’ business model and prevent loss of life, while ensuring protection for the genuinely vulnerable.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Inside the Rwandan hostel that is set to host UK asylum seekers