Almost half of Brits think Prince Charles should step aside for Prince William in the line of succession, a survey suggests. It found just 24% of people think the 73-year-old Prince of Wales, who is the longest-serving heir apparent in British history, should become the next King. That compares to 42% of Brits who think the considerably younger Duke of Cambridge, 39, should ascend to the throne when the Queen dies. It may seem like support for Charles is dwindling, but half of people (48%) believe he will do a good job as King. The research also found Charles’ popularity is actually on the up, rising 11 percentage points over the last four years to 43%. But he has a long way to go to match the Queen, who viewed favourably by 69% of the public on her Platinum Jubilee year. The past few years have been tumultuous to say the very least. Prince Philip died aged 99 last April, a few months before Prince Andrew became embroiled in a sex abuse court case following a car crash Newsnight interview. He ended up paying a reported £12 million to settle the suit with Virginia Giuffre, a victim of Jeffrey  Epstein’s trafficking ring, who accused him of assaulting her when she was 17. The Duke of York consistently denied all allegations, but it appears the episode has taken a big hit on his popularity. Seven in 10 (69%) now have an unfavourable opinion of Andrew, according to the survey. Let’s not forget about Prince Harry, who ditched the royal family with his wife Meghan Markle in 2020. Only 30% now see the Duke of Sussex in a favourable light – down 35 percentage points from 2018. Just 24% have a good opinion of Meghan, down 16 points. Ipsos researcher Gideon Skinner said: ‘At the moment only a minority of people believe Britain would be better off without the monarchy, and the popularity of the Queen and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge remains strong. ‘Looking to the future, half of Britons have faith in Prince Charles as a future king and more people view him in a positive light than four years ago. ‘However, with the popularity of Prince William not far behind that of the Queen, Britons also wonder whether Prince Charles should step aside in favour of his eldest son. ‘But their actions now are still important for the longer-term future of the royal family.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.