We are all more socially conscious and globally aware than ever. Our world feels smaller and we can all access up-to-the-minute news 24-7. It’s not always a good thing, it can leave us feeling angry, helpless, scared, and vulnerable. And we can’t solve or support every issue or crisis that unfolds. But if we each pick a cause or campaign that matters to us and we have the wherewithal to act, then, little by little, we can collectively make this world a better place. But where to start? Astrology can help as a guiding hand. Ahead, we’ll talk you through the best way for your star sign to do your bit to make the world a better place. March 21 to April 20 Protect the vulnerable You are ruled by Mars and fueled with ambition, assertion, confidence, and courage, you are a leader and a warrior at heart. You are also incredibly caring and protective towards those you perceive as vulnerable and will work hard to guard, support and cajole them. So any type of one-to-one role with a vulnerable person (be they elderly, lonely, newly arrived in the country, ill, or at risk) will bring out the very best of your character. Everyone needs an Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Make things Practical, strong, stoic, and resilient. You know the value of hard work and you actually enjoy creating things with tangible outputs that you can see, feel, taste or hear. Working on projects where something physical is actually built (or rebuilt) will play to your talents, as your Venus ruler also gives you an eye for aesthetics. The community garden never looked better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Communicate Words flow with all Gemini people, they come easily and naturally and swiftly, and you often end up in writing-led careers (politics, journalism, novel writing, PR, advertising etc). Use your talents to document and clarify important issues, use your nosiness to uncover the truth and your wordsmanship to share it. Whether it’s via blogs, vlogs, songs, poems, ads or social media – use your words to educate and inform. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Care for people No one cares about people like a Cancerian. You have an innate and enviable skill for getting how others truly feel and seeing what lies hidden, or suppressed, or unknown. You can get to the heart of matters quickly and diplomatically, and then you can bring your natural healing and comforting powers to bear. Counselling, caring for, comforting and supporting victims or the vulnerable will play to your unique skill set. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Advocate for others Nothing ruffles your fur so much as injustice or cruelty towards the vulnerable. As a proud astrological lion, you feel a duty towards taking care of the pride and you have an instinct of protection towards those who struggle to protect themselves. Speak up, with your natural performance skills in play, for those who can’t. Make a case for doing the right thing. Be a voice for good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Solve problems Your cool, calm, and collected Mercurial mind works much like a computer- processing data, untangling complex issues, seeing the easiest and most efficient route, working out solutions. Bring this to bear for campaigns or causes in a practical organizational way, as in fund raising, administration or front-line ops. You are a born problem solver, so solve some worthwhile ones! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Seek justice Your astrological symbol is the scales and, quite literally, this represents what makes you tick – balance, harmony, fairness, equity, and justice. The law and all its mechanisms appeal to you because it helps bring objectivity and analysis to conflicting and difficult situations. There’s a ‘right’ and a ‘wrong’, come to via evidence and thought. You actually enjoy being an advocate for justice, and you can operate in all kinds of ways (from solicitor to magistrate to advisor to policy maker) here. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Do scary things No other sign has your courage, stoicism, heroism or strength when it comes to facing the un-faceable. Nothing really, truly scares you. In fact, sometimes you feel drawn to danger and horror. Policing, soldiering, healing, frontline operations – all are possible ways for you to bring your powerful strength into play and help save those who cannot save themselves. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Fight for freedom Your sign cannot bear to feel restricted, bossed, thwarted or confined. You understand totally the need and power of freedom, this is a cause you understand. Supporting those who find themselves unable to live freely will appeal to your inner core. Whatever the reason for their confinement, you can bond over the notion of needing independence. Help others live free. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Raise money Money makes the world go around, for good and evil. You are a shrewd, worldly person and you appreciate that all good causes need money in order to have an impact, actually get things done, create lasting change. So, you can operate very well at the money end of things – fund raising, lobbying, bid writing, accounting. Every good cause needs someone who understands who to get paid and what to do with that cash. That is you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Speak the truth Aquarians are naturally honest and forthright people and you have an almost puritanical belief in telling the truth and seeking the truth. Go where there are lies and help to expose them. Go where there is propaganda or confusion or cover-ups. You have the moral courage and personal strength to uncover what is not being said and make people listen to the truth. This is your gift. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Heal people You are blessed with empathy, care, compassion and understanding. You can tune in to other people, see and feel their pain, and know just what they need in that moment to be soothed, comforted and even healed. Doing this makes you feel good inside, it makes you feel valued (because you truly are). No one can help heal emotional pain like a Piscean. Go where you’re most needed and change lives. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness