Gigi Hadid turned 27 in style on Saturday, with a New York City bash boasting a suitably starry guestlist. The model and Victoria’s Secret Angel, who donated her fashion week earnings to relief efforts in Ukraine last month, held a party at Zero Bond, a private club in Manhattan. Donning a head-to-toe white lace Dion Lee ensemble, Gigi rocked a bustier with see-through flares and a matching full-length flowing jacket with stand-up collar. She accessorized with strings of pearls and gold chains around her neck, along with gold hoop pendant earrings, pointed toe stiletto heels and a sequinned pink clutch. Pulling her hair into a low ponytail and rocking glittery eyeshadow and winged eyeliner, Gigi seemed in excellent spirits as she was pictured outside. The mother of one, who shares daughter Khai, 19 months, with former One Direction star Zayn Malik, was also joined by younger sister Bella, 25, who wore a pinstripe suit-inspired outfit comprised of pleated mini-skirt and waistcoat, which she teamed with knee-high stiletto boots. Her boyfriend, Marc Kalman, arrived separately, with her brother, Anwar, keeping things casual in a vest top and jeans, and a friend. Taking to Instagram to wish her big sister and supermodel sibling a happy birthday, Bella, who is set to make her acting debut in comedy-drama Ramy, shared a sweet carousel of throwback snaps, including pictures of them embracing as youngsters, as well as backstage and at events. ‘Happy Birthday to my big sister @gigihadid thank you for being born so that I could be born that was very sweet of u,’ she wrote. ‘Thank you for being the best sister, mom, daughter, human bean ever. You teach me something new everyday and sometimes I just smile because I feel so lucky to be your baby sister.’ She then joked: ‘I’m sitting next to you right now so don’t make it weird when you read this. ‘I love you.’ Among the crowd of models who attended, Emily Ratajkowski cut a striking figure in a clinging neon orange and powder dress with a cut-out design across the chest, which she accessorised with strappy black heels and a silver chain handbag. Blake Lively also wowed, knocking it out the park once more in a vivid pink-purple fitted mini-dress, which she paired with towering orange heels and a matching clutch. The Age of Adaline star wore her long blonde hair swept over one shoulder and sported a pair of statement earrings. Also on the guestlist was original supermodel Helena Christensen, 53, who looked chic in a black knee-length dress, cut-out boots and a navy mac. She arrived with Martha Hunt, who wore a black jacket, crop top and cropped trousers, alongside chunky brogues and a cream boxy handbag. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck enjoy sunny lunch date after he denies previously using Raya app to message Selling Sunset star MORE : Sharon Osbourne frustrated husband Ozzy cheated with unattractive women: ‘Dirty old groupies’ 