Katie Price has wished fans a ‘happy Easter’ after jetting on holiday for the long weekend. The 43-year-old sparked rumours that she had reunited with fiancé Carl Woods recently, when they were spotted holding hands at the airport. Taking to Instagram, the mum-of-five ignored speculation as she gave a glimpse into her sun-drenched getaway. Making us all insanely jealous, she shared a photo of a cocktail in front of a row of palm trees, with the message: ‘Happy Easter’. In a following video, the Celebrity Big Brother winner smiled widely as she said: ‘Happy Easter everyone. Hope you have a fantastic day.’ However, Katie didn’t shed any light on where exactly she had jetted off to – or where her relationship with Carl stands. The on-off pair started dating in June, 2020, after being introduced by mutual friends. They took things to the next level 10 months later, announcing their engagement last April. Katie also revealed that she wanted to start a family with the Love Island star, telling Lorraine in February that they were ‘doing the IVF route’. However, the pair appeared to hit a rough patch just weeks later, with reports claiming that they had gone their separate ways. Several sources who are reportedly close to them both are said to have told The Sun: ‘Katie and Carl have decided to split up. ‘It’s been a difficult couple of months and their ongoing court cases have just added even more stress to the situation’. ‘It really seems to be over for now and they are both very sad about it,’ the source’s comment read. However, they suggested that there could be a glimmer of hope for a reconciliation. They added: ‘But of course no one would be surprised if they got back together.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Thief, His Wife and The Canoe: Who is in the cast? MORE : Cheryl Fergison wanted to be paid in Doctor Who merchandise for appearance in fan-favourite episodes 