Worried about how you can afford to keep the kids – and yourself – entertained during the Easter break? Hold fire on that remortgage application form and don’t panic – there are plenty of ways to save on family adventures, from discounts to deals. From two-for-one entry to top attractions to free meals, these school holidays don’t have to break the bank – and the deals are just for those in London. Geocaching is a free outdoor activity that’s fun for both the kidsand the parents. Essentially a treasure hunt for the digital generation, Geocaching uses GPS technology on smartphones instead of a traditional map. The treasure (think small toys or trinkets) is usually hidden in a beautiful or interesting spot and includes a logbook where you can add your name. To take part, simply register with a geocaching community (such as Geocaching or Open Cache) and download their app. If you have more than one child, you know how expensive a trip to the cinema can be. The cost of ticket and treats mean that you can easily spend £50 before you have even sat down. But Cineworld Cinemas and Vue offer screenings for kids every Saturday and Sunday morning from 10am, plus every day in the school holidays, for just £2.50. The films change every six to eight weeks to make sure you never miss out on the latest releases. Families with kids who are dinosaur-mad should flock to fossil-hunting areas, such as Devon and Dorset’s beautiful Jurassic Coast, Yorkshire’s Whitby or Norfolk’s West Runton, to look for ancient remains such as bones, shells and more. The best part is you don’t even need any kit as the Fossil Collecting Code says that visitors to beaches that contain fossils are not allowed to hammer the cliffs or to extract fossils from the foreshore – you are only generally allowed to collect loose items from the beach. So all you need is decent footwear, your eyes and a bit of patience. Get two-for-one entry to more than 150 top UK attractions, restaurants, theatres, exhibitions and more, when you travel by train. Simply download a voucher and present it with your rail ticket when you visit the attraction. Offers include The View From The Shard, Tower of London, Big Bus Tours, Legoland and Alton Towers. Overworked and underpaid, we think teachers deserve a break, too. The teacher card (ITIC) is an internationally recognised ID card that gives full-time teaching professionals, working at a recognised educational establishment, access to some fantastic discounts. The price of a Virtual ITIC card is £12 (plus £3 for a plastic card) and is valid for 12 months from the date of issue. Discounts include Shakespeare’s Globe, Madame Tussauds, Tate Modern and Hard Rock Café nationwide. If you are inspired to pick up a racket after watching the story of Venus and Serena Williams in the film King Richard, check out Tennis For Free to find out where there are ongoing coaching sessions in your area. Tennis For Free operates fully inclusive sessions for all ages at more than 120 public parks. Going to the theatre in London can be really expensive, especially if you do not live close by. But if you are flexible and willing to go at the last minute then bagging yourself a London lottery ticket may be just the thing for you. A theatre lottery is an online ticket system which distributes theatre show seats to random winners for a largely discounted price (often around £25 each) – and getting your hands on a pair of tickets is easier than you’d think. Find listings of all of the theatres that do front row Lottery tickets, rush tickets and last-minute ticket releases at todaystix.com or by visiting the theatre’s website directly. You can enter most lotteries as many times as you like and this will give you more of a chance of winning. The performance could be the day of the draw, or up to a fortnight ahead.If you win, you’ll be told by email. You’ve then normally a very limited time to decide to buy the tickets – though you’re not obliged to. Even though you win you will still have to pay, but it will be a top-price seat for a fraction of the price. If you travel by train often, it is worth investing in a Family & Friends Railcard. For £30 for one year, or £70 for three years, with this card you will get a third off adult rail fares for up to four adults and 60% off for up to four kids between five and 15. Two adults can be named on one card, so when one cardholder isn’t using it, the other can. Over the course of a year, you could save an average of £114. Your railcard doesn’t just save you money on travel, it saves you money with their partners, too. Visit the website’s Offers And Rewards area and Things To Do In London page to find out more. If your offspring are little speed demons, why not try an activity that caters to their energy level? At Junior Park Run, children aged four to 14 can take part in weekly, timed 2km runs in parks all over the UK on Sunday mornings. Children any age are also welcome at the 5km runs on Saturday mornings, but these are usually busier – the advantage is the whole family can run – pets and puchchairs are welcome, too. See the Park Run website for more details. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : When is Easter 2022 and when are the Easter holidays this year? MORE : These are the best Easter activities that cost under £25 (for the whole family)