Owen Hargreaves believes Phil Foden ‘is the most unique footballer around’ following the midfielder’s impressive display in Manchester City’s 1-0 victory over Atletico Madrid in the Champions League on Tuesday evening. City were struggling to break down a defensive Atletico side at the Etihad Stadium the the introduction of Foden in the 68th minute turned out to be a pivotal moment. Just two minutes later, Foden showed brilliant footwork to play in Kevin De Bruyne, who finished low past Jan Oblak to give City the lead. Foden continued to torment Atletico’s defence but City were unable to find a second goal ahead of their return leg in Madrid next Wednesday. And Hargreaves believes Foden has not even stopped developing. ‘He’s able to do this as a false nine, as a right winger, as a No.10, as a deeper midfielder, he can play off the left. It’s hard enough to play at this level, he can play at a world-class level in four or five different positions,’ Hargreaves told BT Sport after the game. ‘The thing is with Phil he’s one of one, he’s the most unique footballer around. ‘When you see videos of him playing when he’s 10 he’s half the size of everyone else but now I think Phil’s still at the beginning of his development, I think there’s much more to come. ‘For me personally, I think he’s David Silva, [his best position is] central. He’s best on the half turn.’ Meanwhile, Rio Ferdinand praised Foden for being quick to make a decisive impact for City when they were struggling to find a way through Atletico. ‘The composure that he’s got, the ability he’s got to draw players to him,’ said Ferdinand. ‘His footwork, he causes havoc, he’s got that clarity when he’s running. ‘I think also what’s a good indicator is he comes off the bench and he’s straight into it, that’s an intelligence, that’s concentration, that’s an understanding. ‘You talk about Chicharito, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and people coming off the bench, it’s not an accident that happens. 99 per cent of players come off the bench and don’t impact the game, but the ones that do are the ones who are concentrating, they understand, they’re intelligent, and come on there to show a desire to show why they should be playing, and within 80 seconds he [Foden] decides the match.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 