There is no better feeling than receiving a delivery. From the moment you add a product to your basket to the minute it arrives at the door, it feels like Christmas – but, in reality, it’s a random Tuesday. While this is all well and good, the excitement can often lend itself to impulse buying. We sometimes buy for the sake of it, investing our money into items that we don’t need. So, instead of saving, we spend our cash rather recklessly. But a frequent shopper has shared her top tip to avoid impulse purchases. Alexandra Hourigan shared the money-saving advice on her podcast, 2 Broke Chicks, where she explains that when she finds herself picking up something in a shop, or looking at something online, she has a talk with herself about the cost. The shopper says she thinks about the possibility of someone offering her the amount of money she’s thinking of spending. And if she would rather take the cash than purchase the item, then she knows she doesn’t really need it. ‘If you see, for example, an iPhone case that you really want and this iPhone case is $25, and I turn to you and I say, “Ok, you can either have the phone case or I’ll give you $25 cash,”‘ Alexandra explains in her podcast. ‘If you’re like, “Actually I do really need a new phone case as my one is looking tired”, then you know to buy that – you know you really need that. ‘Whereas if you think, “You know what? $25 – that’s maybe two happy hour cocktails this weekend, I’m going to go with that,” then you know which way you need to go.’ The podcast clip was shared on the @twobrokechicks_ TikTok account and Alexandra points out that cocktails are her example – because they are her ‘passion.’ In the comments, she writes: ‘The cocktails are an example. I would spend the $25 on cocktails because they are my passion, you can spend $25 on your passion.’ But the response to the advice has been mixed – and some have stressed that the trick wouldn’t help them. ‘No, because my mind is just like, take the $25 and use it to buy the phone case,’ commented one user. However, others believe it might help them make better financial decisions. One person wrote: ‘Genuis … I’m not much of an impulse buyer but this is great.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The fashion brands to bookmark for your spring/summer clothes shopping MORE : Sex expert shares how to use music in the bedroom MORE : Five expert tips to save money on your food shop