Nestled on the southwest edge of the Indian Ocean are 1,200 islands of pure paradise. Consisting of coral reefs and sandbanks, 200 of them are inhabited and allow the outside world to experience a type of heaven on earth. This nirvana I speak of is, of course, the archipelagic country of the Maldives. Known for its crystal clear waters, white beaches, luxurious accommodations and warm welcome, the Maldives is a bucket list destination for many. And it’s easy to see why. Once you land in Velana International airport and are taken to your island, you are immediately enveloped and enthralled by island life. The islands are ideal for all types, from families to friends to individuals, but they are moulded for the lovers. This is especially true on the island of Lobigili. In the Maldivian dialect of Dhivehi, ‘lobi’ translates to love and ‘gili’ to island, and an island of love it is. A new edition to the Maldives roster of luxury getaways, OBLU Select Lobigili opened on March 24th this year and I was one of the first to try all it has to offer. An adults only five-star resort, it is geared specifically to couples who want to experience romance in all its tropical splendour. A 15-minute speedboat ride from the airport, Lobigili is picture perfect Maldives with a welcome twist. Amid the contemporary interiors there are both tropical hints and pops of colour. The buggies are a gorgeous yet unexpected millennial pink and this colour can be found in the main bar and pool area too. It total, there are 68 villas on the island offering guests three different types of accommodations; Sunset Beach View Villas, Nest Water Villas and SunNest Water Villas. For those who love the beach, but want to experience the opulence that is a water villa, try both on your stay. The Lobi Plan is an all-exclusive package which allows guests to enjoy a variety of activities from spa treatments to water sports during their stay. In addition, you receive airport transfers, one á la carte fine dining experience, fantastic all day dining at Ylang Ylang restaurant (try the pancakes, sushi, desserts and thank me later) and unlimited beverages. Each day at Lobigili is as relaxing as the next and at the end of each almost horizontal day spent by your private pool, it’s time to enjoy a majestic sunset poolside. Order a piña colada and watch the sun go down as you and your love are serenaded by the nightly entertainment. Meanwhile, if obvious declarations of love aren’t your thing, take a 35-minute speedboat ride to OBLU Nature Helengeli instead. A four-star resort, the island is filled with vegetation and undeniable character. A true barefoot island, Helengeli is located in the middle of two deep channels which form the largest water inlet of the North Malé Atoll. With its own house reef, there is an abundance of tropical fishes and biodiversity making snorkelling a must do activity during any stay there. Like Lobigili the island offers a unique all-encompassing package called’The Island Plan. In this, guests receive airport transfers, use of snorkelling equipment, unlimited cuisine for breakfast, lunch and dinner at The Spice restaurant, a romantic meal at beach spot Just Grill (included in the plan once every seven night stay) and unlimited cocktails and drinks at Helen’s bar. The accommodation offering is broad with 116 villas on offer. For added privacy try the Deluxe Lagoon Pool Villas, but for a complete immersive experience in nature, stay in the Deluxe-Beach Villas. The outdoor shower in both is an experience in itself. Whatever island you do visit in the Maldives, you are guaranteed the relaxation holiday of a lifetime. Unlike traditional sunny getaways to the likes of Spain, there is nowhere to go and no one to see. Time truly slows down and days of the week mesh together. For the time that you stay there, you are in your own seventh heaven bubble of joy. It is truly impossible to feel stressed or upset when the water is clear and the sun so high. So, if any of the islands are on your bucket list, then go there when you can get that golden ticket chance. The Maldives is truly for lovers, and whether you direct that love towards your partner, your family, your friends or yourself, it doesn’t matter. Because it was made for you. To stay at OBLU SELECT Lobigili for 7 nights between the 6-13 May in a Beach Pool Villa is £2,982 per person via Destinology. While a stay at OBLU NATURE Helengeli for 7 nights between the 6-13 May in a Deluxe Beach Villa is £2,271 per person via Destinology. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple save thousands on bills by turning a van into the perfect home on wheels MORE : Belfast: A city filled with music, laughter and a distinctive buzz MORE : The best countries to visit over the Platinum Jubilee bank holiday