Ant Middleton has added his two pennies’ worth on pal Liam Payne’s bizarre hybrid accent in an Oscars-adjacent interview, which he reckoned might have been ‘a wind up’. Appearing on Monday’s Good Morning Britain to talk about his charity fundraising for Ukraine through the Disasters Emergency Committee, presenter Ranvir Singh couldn’t resist getting the SAS: Who Dares Wins star’s opinion on Liam’s wandering accent. The former One Direction member infamously weighed in on Will Smith slapping Chris Rock onstage at the Oscars in a live interview on GMB from the red carpet of  the Elton John Aids Foundation’s 30th Annual Academy Awards Viewing Party. Viewers were baffled by how he sounded, with many picking up tones of Dutch, Welsh, Italian, English and American all at once. Ant, who’s been friends with Liam since they filmed a TV special together, reckoned the 28-year-old was ‘quite a comedian’ though. As Ranvir asked what was going on with his accent, Ant admitted: ‘I don’t know. I’ll have to find out because I’m exactly like you. He went into about five accents, didn’t he?’ He added: ‘Knowing Liam, he’s quite a comedian.’ Ranvir then asked if there was a chance he had been deliberately ‘putting it on’, to which Ant agreed. ‘Yeah, he likes to wind a few people up but he’s a great guy and I look forward to touching base with him.’ Others who have so far weighed in on the furore around Liam’s accent and its viral moment – which the star himself has so far ignored – include fellow accent juggler John Barrowman, who sprang to Liam’s defence. ‘Why does it matters [sic] how a person speaks. He is who he is,’ John – who is known for swapping between American and Scottish accents himself – tweeted. Liam’s fellow X-Factor alumnus Myles Stephenson has also since claimed that Liam would ‘change his voice’ while speaking backstage. The fallout for Will Smith after the fateful slap has resulted in him receiving a 10-year ban on attending the Oscars after the Academy also accepted his membership resignation. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Madeley slammed for branding Just Stop Oil’s slogan ‘playground-ish’ and ‘very Vicky Pollard’ in interview: ‘It’s irony upon irony’ MORE : 50 Cent brands Will Smith slap ‘most expensive you ever seen’ after reports Chris Rock wants to ‘get paid’ to speak about it 