Dillian Whyte has accused Tyson Fury of winning their bout through ‘illegal’ means and insists he was only knocked out after the Gypsy King pushed him over, causing his head to slam against the canvas. The WBC champion retained his title in emphatic fashion at Wembley Stadium on Saturday night, delivering a stunning uppercut in the sixth round that ended a contest he had dominated throughout. But Whyte believes the knockout should not have been allowed to stand and felt he had ridden the initial punch only for Fury to push him to the floor with considerable force. Whyte says that caused his head to smash against the canvas and the fight was waved off by referee Mark Lyson after the Body Snatcher managed to get back to his feet only to stumble towards the ropes. Whyte is far from happy with the nature of the knockout and does not believe it was legal, and he would be keen to take on Fury in a rematch – assuming his fellow Brit does not follow through on his intention to retire. Speaking to Sky Sports on Monday, Whyte said: ‘When the uppercut landed I was buzzed but obviously I was trying to regather my senses and then he proper full-on pushed me and I fell over and hit my head on the canvas, which is illegal. This ain’t wrestling, this is boxing. ‘But as usual they let Fury do what he wants and get away with it. I should have been allowed extra time to recover and then carried on fighting. ‘He pushed me and then he even went to the referee and said, “Oh, don’t let the fight carry on.” What? It was like… the referee ain’t doing his job. ‘Okay, I got caught, no doubt about that, a good shot. I went for the left uppercut, he went for the right uppercut, he’s a bit taller than me, so obviously he landed his at range. ‘I was hurt obviously, but I didn’t go straight down. I was hurt, I was trying to get my senses together, and then he full-on, two-handed pushed me. It wasn’t like a one-arm thing, he full-on pushed me and I fell over and hit my head. ‘Terrible job from the referee there but it is what it is. I should have had time to recover, time to go back to my corner, but Tyson Fury gets away with a lot of things. ‘He says he’s going to retire, I hope he doesn’t retire because I want another go.’ MORE : Ricky Hatton claims Tyson Fury wants to fight Anthony Joshua and Oleksandr Usyk before retiring MORE : Tyson Fury names the boxer who deserves to fight the winner of Joshua v Usyk II for undisputed title For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 