Boris Johnson has threatened to ‘privatise the arse’ out of the passport office unless it clears the applications backlog threatening millions of summer holidays. The prime minister is said to be ‘horrified’ that people wanting to go abroad in the coming months could miss out due to delays in renewing their paperwork. Families face having to pay up to £100 extra per passport for fast-track applications because the 10-week target for standard applications, costing £75.50, is not being met. In comments to the Cabinet on Tuesday, Mr Johnson also reportedly put the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency and other arm’s length bodies on notice that they could be privatised. A senior government source cautioned that privatisation would not be the starting point, but warned that Downing Street could look to businesses to take over if things don’t improve. Mr Johnson was also said to have criticised ‘post-Covid manana culture’ at some of the bodies for not adapting after the easing of coronavirus restrictions. Asked about the reported comments in an interview with TalkTV, Mr Johnson said his sole concern was to ‘deliver value and a good service’ to the public. He refused to rule out privatisation, saying people deserve a ‘cheaper, faster’ passport service. ‘I am not going to rule anything out. I don’t mind whether it is in the public or the private sector,’ he said. ‘What I want is for it to deliver value for money and help people’s costs. If you want to go on holiday with your family it can cost hundreds of pounds to get new passports. ‘You deserve to have a cheaper, faster service.’ In his interview, the prime minister also acknowledged that he had criticised ‘post-Covid, work-from-home, mañana culture’ at some of the bodies for not adapting after the easing of coronavirus restrictions. As well as the Passport Office, MPs have been raising concerns over significant delays in turning around applications for licences at the DVLA. The PM said he was not talking about one specific institution when he made the remark. He said: ‘I think we have a general issue in some of our approaches to public services, and perhaps more widely, that we all got used to working from home, to Zoom calls, to thinking that we could do business like that. ‘I think for many people it is great, I don’t want to minimise the value of this, I think for lots of people, particularly for women who have kids, for parents who have kids, I don’t want to be stereotypical, anybody who wants to stay at home for one reason or another, ‘But I have to ask myself, I’m the custodian of the public purse and I’m looking at how much we’re taking and how much we’re spending, whether actually it is as productive. ‘When I see institutions not delivering things like passports or driving licences in a speedy way, these things are quite expensive, it’s £150 to get a new passport, we want action.’ Downing Street chief of staff Steve Barclay is expected to meet with passport office officials later this week. The PM’s official spokesman would not comment on the Cabinet leaks, but told reporters: ‘The prime minister is adamant this is a serious issue facing families and it’s one that needs to be gripped.’ In response to the criticism, a spokesperson for HM Passport Office said: ‘Since April 2021, we have been advising people to allow up to 10 weeks when applying for their British passport as more than five million people delayed applying due to the pandemic. ‘We urge people who need a new passport to apply for one as soon as possible, with the vast majority of all passport applications being dealt with well within 10 weeks. ‘To deal with this demand, we have increased staff numbers by 500 since April 2021. This has helped us to handle more applications than ever before, with more than one million passport applications processed in March 2022.’ Heathrow Airport chief executive John Holland-Kaye said it was ‘vital’ that people could go on holiday this summer in case the UK reintroduced coronavirus travel restrictions later in the year. He said: ‘Normally the Passport Office is very slick in processing passports. It’s really disappointing to hear (about delays). ‘If it’s not resolved, it is going to mean that people can’t get away. ‘After two years of lockdown, we need to make sure people can have a good holiday because many of them have vouchers that they’ve been saving up, they’ve got trips of a lifetime that they’ve put on hold, and we don’t know when things might get closed down again. ‘Making the most of the summer is vital.’ The PCS union condemned the Prime Minister’s suggestion that HM Passport Office HM could be privatised. General secretary Mark Serwotka said: ‘It is absurd for Boris Johnson to threaten to privatise HMPO, when it is clear that the current problems are mainly down to the casualisation of the workforce.’ Meanwhile, shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper blamed  the government for the delays. She said: ‘It’s disgraceful that families are having to cancel hard-earned holidays costing thousands of pounds because of chaos and delays at the Passport Office. ‘Home Office ministers were warned many months ago that they needed to prepare for an increase in demand after Covid, but they have completely failed to do so and families are paying the price.’  Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.