A well-known Elon Musk lookalike has gone viral all over again following the billionaire’s purchase of Twitter for £33 billion. Across social media, people were sharing videos of the unnamed man who’s seemingly happy to play up to his doppelgänger fame. One video – first circulated in December 2021 – shows him dressed in grey trousers, grey vest and a navy shirt standing by a car. ‘Hi everyone, I’m Elon Musk,’ the man says, accompanied by the ironic caption: ‘China could never copy Tesla’. And, we have to say, the resemblance is uncanny. At first glance, you’d be forgiven for thinking this was a deepfake video of the SpaceX boss. And, to be fair, it likely could be – we have no way of verifying the man’s identity. ‘This looks like Elon Musk pretending to be someone pretending to be Elon Musk,’ commented one social media user. Another added: ‘Elon’s looking younger these days.’ The video was initially found on a TikTok-style app called Douyin. But it’s being shared around all over again following the news that Musk has bought Twitter in order to take the social media company private. And over on TikTok, the man has started his own account and racked up nearly 150k followers thanks to videos of him impersonating the Tesla boss. Calling himself ‘Elong Musk’, the man has the username mayilong0. It seems like Musk himself is aware of his Chinese twin. Back in December 2021, the billionaire responded to a tweet showing him side-by-side with the man. ‘Maybe I’m partly Chinese!’ Musk wrote. To our knowledge, Musk’s genealogy doesn’t include any Chinese heritage. He was born to a South African father and a Canadian mother and is currently a citizen of the US. While he grew up in South Africa, he moved to Canada at just 17 years old – where he studied at Queen’s University in Ontario. He later transferred to the University of Pennsylvania and graduated in 1995 with a Bachelor of Arts desgree in physics, as well as a Bachelor of Science degree in economics. He now lives in the US although, despite being the richest person in the world, he says he doesn’t own a home. MORE : Elon Musk says Donald Trump’s Truth Social has ‘terrible name’ and ‘should be called Trumpet’ MORE : If Elon Musk’s buying Twitter, let’s just all go back to MySpace