Brooklyn Beckham and wife Nicola Peltz are fully immersed in the honeymoon phase with a photo of the groom revealing just how married life is treating them so far. The newlyweds tied the knot a week ago in a lavish $3million (£2.3million) wedding that took place at Nicola’s parents’ home in Palm Springs, Florida. Well, it seems Nicola, 27, and Brooklyn, 23, are still on cloud nine after celebrating their big day. On Easter Sunday, the former Bates Motel actress shared a close-up photo of her new husband smiling at her while topless leaving his heavily-tattooed torso on show. Nicola captioned the photo in her Instagram stories: ‘Married life @brooklynpeltzbeckham,’ with a red heart emoji. She had earlier wished her new mother-in-law Victoria Beckham a happy 48th birthday. Brooklyn and Nicola have been keeping a relatively low profile as they get stuck into married life. They were last pictured together heading to a family brunch the morning after the wedding with their parents, including Brooklyn’s dad David Beckham, as well as Nicola’s close girl friends. Their wedding boasted quite an A-list guest list with stars such as Eva Longoria, Serena and Venus Williams, and Spice Girls stars Mel B and Mel C in attendance. The couple were gifted with a £750,000 vintage Jaguar from father-of-the-groom David, and Brooklyn was later seen taking it for a spin with Nicola’s best friend Angela in the driver’s seat. However, the couple asked their wedding guests to donate money to a Ukraine relief fund instead of typical gifts, to support those affected by the war. The actress revealed in her Instagram stories: ‘My dad spoke about this in his wedding at our wedding. ‘Me and Brooklyn are devastated about what is going on in Ukraine and have asked for donations to CareOrg in lieu of wedding gifts. Anything helps.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gentleman Jack season 2 episode 2 recap: Will Ann Walker really be forced into marrying a man? MORE : Olivia Wilde hangs with James Corden as she cheers on boyfriend Harry Styles at Coachella 