The number of weekly Covid cases has grown to a record 4.9 million as the government begins winding down free testing, according to estimates from the Office for National Statistics. One in 14 people were testing positive for the virus in the seven days leading up to March 26, the latest period in which data is available, It marks a huge 15% rise on the previous week, when estimates pointed to nearly 4.3 million cases nationwide, and surpasses the previous peak around the New Year. The ONS says the figure is the highest figure recorded since its infection survey began in April 2020, weeks after the first lockdown. A highly transmissible sub-variant of Omicron, called BA.2, is believed to be behind most of the cases. Infection levels fell overall from January through to the beginning of March but have risen steeply again since. The estimates come from the ONS’s infection survey, which is seen as giving the best picture of the UK’s case load. Thousands of randomly-picked participants from around the country are tested weekly, whether or not they have symptoms, and there is a lag of several days before the figures are published. England and Wales each reported individual record infection counts, while Scotland saw its first week-on-week fall after nearly two months of increases. Kara Steel, senior statistician for the Covid-19 infection survey, said: ‘Infection levels remain high, with the highest levels recorded in our survey seen in England and Wales and notable increases among older age groups.’ Eestimates pointed to 4,122,700 cases in England last week, or around 1 in 13 people, and 192,900 in Wales, or 1 in 14 people. Statisticians believe cases could still soon reach their peak north of the border. The ONS describes the trend as ‘uncertain’ in Scotland, as well as Northern Ireland, which is also slightly below recent record infection levels. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.