A police force is looking at a request from a Tory MP for an investigation into whether Sir Keir Starmer broke lockdown rules be reopened. Durham Constabulary have previously cleared the Labour leader of any wrongdoing over photographs from April 2021. Sir Keir was pictured through a window holding a bottle of beer while in the office of City of Durham MP Mary Foy. The picture was taken during campaigning for the Hartlepool by-election when restrictions on indoor socialising were still in place. Now Richard Holden, who represents North West Durham, has called on the force to re-examine the case in the wake of Boris Johnson’s fine. The Tory MP wrote to the deputy chief constable, saying: ‘The Metropolitan Police has since issued a fixed penalty notice to a number of politicians in relation to an event inside the Downing Street Cabinet Room on June 19, 2020, where individuals may have briefly celebrated a birthday at a work event. ‘In light of that decision, and the tests applied by the Metropolitan Police for the level of a covid regulations breach, I believe there is a strong public interest in Durham Constabulary reviewing its decision not to investigate the Starmer incident further.’ The senior officer replied and said he ‘make inquiries with the investigation team’, which Mr Holden characterised as ‘leaving the door open’ to a new investigation. A spokesperson for Durham Constabulary said he had replied to the letter ‘as a courtesy’ and the force ‘will consider its contents before responding in due course’. Labour said it was wrong to paint the letter as suggesting an investigation into whether its leader broke coronavirus rules was being re-examined. A spokesperson for the party told journalists ‘I think some of the characterisation of the letter has been inaccurate’ and called the occasion a ‘work event’. The prime minister is braced to receive more fines from the Met over gatherings held in Downing Street during lockdown. He has already been fined for attending a birthday party thrown for him in the cabinet room in June 2020 but more could follow. Earlier this week it was reported that the long-awaited Sue Gray report could be highly damaging for Mr Johnson. An official who claimed to have seen its content told The Times it was ‘excoriating’ and would make it very difficult for him to hold on to his job. Mr Johnson will also be investigated by a Commons standards committee over whether he misled parliament after a botched attempt to kick Labour calls for an inquiry into the long grass. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.