Jada Pinkett Smith has announced the return of her hit talk show series Red Table Talk, just weeks after the controversy surrounding husband Will Smith and the Oscars. The Girls Trip actress will debut season five of the popular Facebook Watch series on Wednesday, with her daughter Willow Smith and mother Adrienne Banfield joining her once again. It looks as though the next set of episodes will be an emotional ride as Jada, Willow and Adrienne sit down to chat to singer Janelle Monae about her coming out at the age of 32, as well as the trauma she experienced as a result of her father’s drug addiction. Janelle, who will also be joined by her mum Janet Hawthorne, expressed her excitement to finally make it to the famous red table, and tells the hosts in the trailer: ‘I’m just happy someone invited me. I said, “The Red Table? Are you kidding me!”’ Also set to appear in the new season are Oscar-winning actress Kim Basinger and her model daughter Ireland Baldwin. In the teaser, Kim is seen opening up about her split from Ireland’s father Alec Baldwin, saying: ‘I went through a very heavy duty, out loud, when you’re in the public divorce. ‘I wouldn’t leave the house, I would no longer go to dinner. I had to relearn to drive.’ Sharing her personal trauma, Ireland discusses the turbulent relationships she’s experienced in the past, revealing: ‘I have been in physical abusive relationships, I have been in emotional, verbal, very gaslit-manipulative relationships. ‘I’ve been through a lot of different kinds of abuse.’ In the most poignant moment of the trailer, the trio meet the mother of Miss USA Cheslie Kryst, who died by suicide earlier this year. Jada will later hand over the table to her children, Willow and Jaden, and stepson Trey, who will host their first ever solo episode together as a group. However, there is no mention of the scandal surrounding Jada and husband Will following the Oscars last month. Will infamously slapped comedian Chris Rock across the face for making a joke about Jada and her hair, despite her suffering from hair loss condition alopecia. The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air star has kept out of the public eye since that night, but has resigned from the Academy while also receiving a 10-year ban from attending the Oscars. Speculation is rife about whether Will and Jada will address the incident in a future special episode of Red Table Talk. Red Table Talk returns to Facebook Watch on Wednesday, April 20 with new episodes streaming weekly. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Clarkson peeved over reaction to Dan Stevens’ Boris Johnson swipe on The One Show MORE : Maya Jama quits presenting job on boxing channel after backlash over knowledge: ‘She just can’t commit anymore’ 