Miranda Hart has poured cold water over speculation on the return of self-titled sitcom. The popular programme followed the socially inept comedian who frequently finds herself in awkward situations; working in her joke shop with best friend Stevie Sutton and (Sarah Hadland) being hounded by her pushy and eccentric mother Penny (Patricia Hodge). Then there’s Gary, (Tom Ellis) Miranda’s love interest (and hubby!). The show made a brief comeback in January 2020 for the 10th anniversary special, and fans remained hopeful over a potential comeback. The Sun recently claimed that the 49-year-old writer had finished writing the fourth series, however Miranda firmly squashed all rumours on Twitter. She wrote: ‘It’s so lovely when some people get excited there might be more Miranda. Means a lot. ‘But I’m afraid what was in [the] papers today didn’t come from me. Nothing planned at this time.’ Sigh! Along with this, the actress added: ‘And yes Twitter I look forward to all the “thank God for that” etc! This just for the few that were excited. No need to tell me that you’re relieved.’ It’s safe to say fans were devasted by Miranda’s admission, as one person wrote: ‘Noooo! gutted! Please write more!’ ‘So sad this turned out to be false. I think we could all do with some good news right about now and this would have been the best news ever! I will have to let Miranda and Gary live on in my imagination – such as it is!,’ another added. The hit series originally aired on BBC Two in 2009 and later moved to BBC One where it ran for three series and two specials. In November 2019, Miranda considered ‘reviving’ the hit sitcom but said ‘the circumstances haven’t quite aligned.’ Speaking on The Gaby Roslin Podcast, she said: ‘I think when you create characters like that, that you’ve lived with for a long time, they do become part of you. ‘I do think of them from time to time, a bit like you would a friend that you haven’t seen for a while, ‘Oh, what would they be up to…’ She continued: ‘But it is something that I would say that I’m now not ruling out.’ Season one to three of Miranda is available to stream on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : SAS: Who Dares Win recruit devastated as she’s forced to medically withdraw after being knocked out in brutal challenge MORE : Strictly’s Kai Widdrington cheekily laughs off Nadiya Bychkova romance after being probed live on air: ‘Is it official?’ 