Rihanna and A$AP Rocky have been spotted together for the first time since the rapper was arrested in connection to an alleged shooting last week. The Wild Thoughts singer Rihanna recently jetted back to Los Angeles from Barbados, where she and Rocky were on holiday before his arrest upon landing at LAX airport last Wednesday. On Saturday evening, the couple – who are expecting their first child together – put on a united front as they arrived at their baby shower which was held at the Giorgio Baldi restaurant in Santa Monica, California. Of course, Rihanna, 34, opted for somewhat comfortable attire as she nears the final stages of her pregnancy, dressed in a glitzy bra and matching shorts with an oversized white shirt left unbuttoned to leave her baby bump on show. Rocky also kept it casual in a grey tracksuit with a flower pattern and T-shirt. While the Goldie rapper appeared to be in good spirits with a smile on his face, Rihanna seemed to be deep in thought amid what has been a controversial couple of weeks for their relationship. Last week, Rocky, 33, was taken into police custody at LAX airport in relation to an alleged shooting that is said to have taken place in November 2021. It was reported that around 10 police officers were waiting for the musician, who was ‘blindsided’ about the arrest with the LAPD keeping their investigation under wraps. According to the police department, Rocky and the alleged victim were ‘acquaintances’ and that an ‘argument escalated and resulted in the suspect firing a handgun at the victim’. They continued in a statement: ‘The victim sustained a minor injury from the incident and later sought his medical treatment. Following the shooting, the suspect and two additional males fled the area on foot. ‘Detectives worked diligently to investigate and corroborate the reporting information which helped identify the suspect(s) involved. The suspect has been identified as 33-year-old Rakim Mayers, a Los Angeles resident, also known as music artist A$AP Rocky.’ The alleged victim claims Rocky shot at him up to four times and that one of the bullets grazed his left hand. It was later claimed that Rihanna was forced to cancel her baby shower following Rocky’s arrest, and that she had watched on helplessly as he was taken into custody. The rapper was released on a $550,000 (£421,000) bail after the LAPD used a battering ram to force their way into his home, various US outlets have reported. Rocky and Rihanna, who began in late 2020, are due to welcome their first child this spring. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna ‘crying non-stop’ after A$AP Rocky’s arrest and has had to ‘cancel her baby shower’ MORE : Billie Eilish falls flat ‘onto her face’ during Coachella headliner set: ‘I just ate s***. Ouch!’ 