The mother of Baby P could stay locked up after Justice Secretary Dominic Raab wrote to the Parole Board urging them not to release her. Tracey Connelly, 40, was jailed indefinitely in 2009 for causing or allowing the death of her tortured 17-month-old son, whose name was later revealed as Peter. The boy suffered more than 50 injuries, including a broken back, at the hands of his mum’s paedophile partner Steven Barker and his brother Jason Owen at their flat in Tottenham, north London. It emerged he had been on a register of at-risk children and received 60 visits from Haringey Council’s social workers, medical professionals and police in the months before his death in 2007. Connelly was given a minimum term of five years, and was refused at three previous parole hearings 2015, 2017 and 2019. But she succeeded in her fourth attempt last month and has been cleared for release in a matter of weeks. Now Raab has stepped in and has written to the Parole Board to try and get them to reverse their decision. A source close to the Justice Secretary told the Sun: ‘He was deeply concerned when he read the Parole Board’s report and immediately made clear he would trigger the reconsideration mechanism. ‘Offenders like her should face a higher bar before they’re considered for release and our reforms will make sure she would in the future.’ Raab has written to the board requesting a technical review of the case to ensure rules have been followed properly. If the board decides everything was above board, the Justice Secretary would be powerless to prevent Connelly’s release. However, under imminent reforms of the parole system, Raab has announced plans to grant ministers the power to veto releases in certain cases. A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: ‘The Deputy Prime Minister previously confirmed his intention to trigger the reconsideration mechanism in relation to this case. ‘A letter has now been sent to the Parole Board to start this process.’ Connelly was released in 2013 but was recalled in 2015 for allegedly selling nude pictures of herself to male fans online – in breach of her licence conditions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.