The Grammys has come to an end for another year following a star-studded night of big wins and surprise scoops. The prestigious music awards took place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on Sunday, with comedian Trevor Noah hosting the event. Silk Sonic duo Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak were never too far from the stage, as they won the coveted song of the year, record of the year, best R&B performance and best R&B song for their hit Leave The Door Open. It meant they won in all four of the categories they were nominated in. Accepting their award for record of the year, Anderson joked: ‘We are really trying our hardest to remain humble at this point. But in the industry we call that a clean sweep. To all the other nominees, you all know we love you all. ‘Drinks are on Silk Sonic tonight. We are getting drunk. I know a lot of you fans will be upset. So we will get out of here before the internet gets to talking.’ Batiste was the most-nominated artist at this year’s Grammys and scooped the most sought after album of the year for We Are, beating the likes of Kanye West, Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber who also competed in the category. During his acceptance speech, the musician paid tribute to his fellow best album nominees and said he had ‘out-of-body experiences’ listening to each of their albums. ‘I really believe this to my core, there is no best musician, best artist, best dancer, best actor,” he said. ‘The creative arts are subjective and they reach people at a point in their lives when they need it most.’ ‘This is for real artists, real musicians, let’s just keep going. Be you,’ he concluded. Olivia Rodrigo won best pop vocal album for her debut Sour, and said: ‘Thank you to all my fans who have listened to my music and changed my life over the past few years. ‘I want to dedicate this to my parents. When I was nine-years-old I told my mum I wanted to be a gymnast even though I could barely do a cartwheel. She thought I was joking but I was super defensive. So the next week when I told her I was going to win a Grammy, she was very supportive even though she probably thought I was a little kid with a pipe dream.’ MORE : Grammys 2022: Trevor Noah mocking Will Smith, BTS stage falls, surprise album of the year winner and other highlights MORE : Grammys 2022: Halsey leaves awards early due to ‘not feeling super well’ after surgery 