Volodymyr Zelensky has accused Russia of committing the ‘most terrible war crimes’ since World War Two including cutting out the tongues of civilians. The Ukrainian president made a virtual appearance at the UN Security Council meeting  following a visit to Bucha  – the site of alleged mass killings where mutilated bodies of civilians have been found lying in the streets or dumped into mass graves. Zelensky said there ‘was not a crime Russia wouldn’t commit’ as he went into graphic detail about the horrors he witnessed with his own eyes He said some victims of the Bucha massacre were ‘shot on the streets’ while others were ‘thrown into the wells..so they die in suffering’. He said: ‘They were killed in their apartments, houses blown up by grenades. ‘Civilians were crushed by tanks while sitting in their cars in the middle of the road just for their pleasure. ‘They cut off limbs, slashed their throats. Women were raped and killed in front of their children. ‘Their tongues were pulled out only because the aggressors did not wanted to hear from them.’ The embattled leader compared Russia to terrorist organisation ISIS, accusing it of creating ‘mass starvation’ and trying to turn the people of Ukraine into ‘silent slaves’. He said: ‘This is no different from other terrorists such as Daesh who occupy some territories, and here it is done by a member of the United Nations Security Council. ‘They support hatred at the level of the state and seek to export it to other countries through their system of propaganda and political corruption.’ As a permanent member of the UN Security Council, Russia has a veto with which it is able to block attempts to censure the Kremlin. Zelensky said this ‘undermines the whole architecture of global security’ and ‘allows them (Russia) to go unpunished so they are destroying everything that they can’. He claimed that Russia’s forces were engaged in ‘widescale looting’ from food to gold earrings ‘pulled out and covered with blood’. ‘Russia’s leadership feels like colonisers in ancient times, they need our wealth, our people – Russia has already deported hundreds of thousands of our citizens to their country, they abducted more than 2,000 children.’ Zelensky played allies a video appearing to show bound, killed and burned civilians and mass graves in images from across his nation that the UK’s ambassador to the UN Dame Barbara Woodward described as ‘harrowing’. He called on the UN to expel Russia, reform or dissolve itself. He said it was time to ‘transform’ the global security system, proposing a global conference in ‘peaceful Kyiv’ to determine how that could work. The scale of civilian casualties in Bucha is only just being laid bare after Moscow forces withdrew from the Kyiv region last week, with horrific evidence emerging of people being raped, tortured and burned. He said the world has yet to see what the Kremlin’s troops have done in other regions as he called for trials akin to those held after the defeat of the Nazis. He said: ‘Russian troops are deliberately destroying Ukrainian cities to ashes with artillery and air strikes. They are deliberately blocking cities, creating mass starvation. They deliberately shoot columns of civilians on the road trying to escape from the hostilities. ‘They even deliberately blow up shelters where civilians hide from air strikes. ‘The massacre in our city of Bucha is unfortunately only one of many examples of what the occupiers have been doing on our land for the past 41 days.’ The UK, which currently holds the security council’s presidency, said that it wants to discuss the ‘mounting evidence of war crimes’ on Tuesday and will push to ensure ‘justice is done’. Ihor Zhovkva, deputy head of the office of the President of Ukraine, said  Zelensky ‘will give all the evidence’ to the international community at the Security Council meeting. He said Ukraine needs ‘additional weapons’, including tanks and missiles, to ‘liberate more cities’ from Russia control. ‘If these awful atrocities will not change the agenda of all the world, what will change?’ the adviser asked on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme. Zelensky did not use his address to call for more weapons or sanctions, instead focusing on Russian atrocities and role of the UN Security Council in stopping Putin. Russia, a permanent member of the security council, has denied war crimes and claimed the images emerging from Bucha are ‘staged’ and ‘fake’. But Zelensky said there was ‘conclusive evidence everywhere’. ‘I know, and you know perfectly well what the representatives of Russia will say in response to the accusations of these crimes,’  Zelensky said. ‘They will blame everyone just to justify their own actions. They will say that there are various versions, different versions, that it is impossible to establish which one of those versions is true. ‘They will even say that the bodies were of those killed were allegedly thrown away and all the videos are staged. ‘But it is 2022. Now we have conclusive evidence.’ Russian Ambassador to the United Nations Vassily Nebenzia watched on at the meeting as Zelensky spoke. It was the Ukrainian leader’s first address to the Security Council since the Russian invasion on February 24. It comes after the EU proposed a new package of sanctions, including a £4bn ban on coal imports. Ukraine is calling for a full oil, gas and coal embargo, a ban on Russian vessels and cargos and the disconnection of all Russian banks from the Swift payment system. Several European countries, including Germany, are dependent on Russian gas and are continuing to make large payments for it – money which Ukraine says is contributing to the war. Also on Tuesday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss met Polish prime minister Mateusz Morawiecki during the second day of her visit to the capital, Warsaw. She called for Russia to be hit with the ‘maximum level’ of sanctions and for more weapons to be supplied to Mr Zelensky’s forces to help repel the Kremlin’s troops. ‘The idea that we should wait for something else bad to happen is just completely wrong,’ she said, applying pressure to allies. ‘The reality is that money is still flowing from the West into Putin’s war machine – and that has to stop.’ She pressed for a ‘clear timetable’ to eliminate imports of Russian oil, gas and gold, and for a further crackdown on industries financing Moscow’s invasion. Mr Morawiecki has criticised German Chancellor Olaf Scholz for focusing on the ‘voices of German businesses’ rather than the innocents killed in Ukraine. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is likely to urge Germany to set a date for phasing out Russian gas when he meets Mr Scholz in Downing Street on Friday. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.