In his latest column, the British boxing legend looks ahead to Anthony Joshua’s rematch against Oleksandr Usyk and previews another big weekend for Fightzone. After a lot of a delays and what has been a very tough time for the champion, Oleksandr Usyk vs Anthony Joshua looks to finally be back on. Usyk was already one of the most admired fighters out there and the respect he deserves coming into this rematch is massive. Bearing in mind all that he and his country of Ukraine is going through, it is absolutely incredible and truly inspirational. We all know Joshua will be right up for the rematch. He was humbled in his own back yard when he lost those world titles last year and he absolutely has a point to prove. He has also got a changed team behind him with Angel Fernandez seemingly now taking the lead in camp so there will be a lot of eyes on what he does in there. Joshua will be more determined than ever to get those belts back so in that respect, it was already a huge fight for Usyk, I believe. So when you factor in what he is coming back from and what his country is going through, you have to take your hat off to him. As to far as who will be the bigger threat in this fight, it is hard to say. We have seen what Usyk is capable over the years, dominating the cruiserweight division and what he did to Joshua last year. But it has been such a disheartening time for Usyk and his countrymen. Boxing has been the last thing on his mind and to have to go in and fight Anthony Joshua will be tough. Joshua has got to be up for it because Usyk is fighting for his country here, to send the right message back home. There is so much going on in the minds of both fighters. It’s another title fight on Fightzone this weekend as Tommy Frank puts his British flyweight title on the line against Craig Derbyshire on Sunday. Tommy had a tough first half of 2021 after losing his rematch against Rosendo Hugo Guarneros but he bounced back in perfect fashion against Matt Windle in September to win that belt and become Sheffield’s first British flyweight champion. Craig’s record doesn’t look as impressive on paper but he has shared the ring with some top operators in Charlie and Sunny Edwards. Tommy got a win over him when they met in a Central Area title clash back in 2018 so Craig will be determined to set the record straight. It’s the start of a big month for Dennis Hobson and Fightzone with a cracking spring schedule lined up. Later this month Jack Massey puts his IBO cruiserweight title on the line with Mark Jeffers also in action that night in Bolton. Then on 13 May we have the big one as Hannah Rankin tops the bill in Glasgow, putting her WBA and IBO super-welterweight titles on the line against Alejandra Ayala in what will be a massive night. Get all the Fightzone action free for three months – visit www.fightzone.uk to subscribe Follow Fightzone on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter MORE : Vitali and Wladimir Klitschko send message of support to Oleksandr Usyk as champion leaves Ukraine to fight Anthony Joshua MORE : Anthony Joshua vs Oleksandr Usyk II set for Saudi Arabia in June For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 