Rishi Sunak believes revelations about his wife’s tax affairs are a ‘political hit job’ and attempt to ‘smear’ him. Earlier this week it was revealed Akshata Murty, who is reportedly worth hundreds of millions of pounds, claims non-dom tax status in the UK. The chancellor’s wife of more than a decade is a fashion designer and has a stake in her father’s company Infosys, a giant corporation which has become one of the largest in India. Mr Sunak said criticism of his wife – who retains her Indian citizenship while living in Downing Street – is ‘unpleasant’ and said she ‘hasn’t done anything wrong’. While there is no suggestion she has done anything illegal, critics say the chancellor’s wife will benefit financially by only paying taxes on UK income to HMRC after requesting the status. Tax non-doms have to prove their permanent home is abroad and pay £30,000 to the government in order to pay the bulk of their tax overseas. Mr Sunak has come out swinging and unnamed ‘allies’ believe the leak was designed to cause maximum political damage on the day National Insurance went up for families across the UK. He told The Sun: ‘I appreciate that in the past British people were trying to use this thing to basically not pay any tax in the UK. I can see that from my inbox, right? That’s a very clear perception. ‘But that’s not the case here. She’s not a British citizen. She’s from another country. She’s from India. ‘That’s where her family is . . . that’s where she, you know, ultimately will want to go and look after her parents as they get older. ‘She pays full UK tax on every penny that she earns here in the same way that she pays full international tax on every penny that she earns internationally, say, in India.’ He accused Labour – which has accused him of ‘breathtaking hypocrisy’ – of orchestrating the leak but the details appear to have come from within government. Mr Sunak disclosed his wife’s tax affairs to officials when he became a minister but few are said to have known about it, including the prime minister. One unnamed supporter of the chancellor told The Telegraph they believe Number 10 is behind the revelation, the latest in a string of negative briefings about the chancellor to emerge in recent weeks. A spokesperson denied the charge, saying: ‘It is categorically untrue that No 10 is behind the briefings. The prime minister and chancellor are united.’ Another unnamed source close to Mr Sunak told The Times: ‘He thinks it’s a total smear. ‘It feels like there’s a full-time briefing operation against him. This is a hit job, a political hit job. ‘Someone is trying to undermine his credibility.’ Mr Johnson sidestepped questions on Ms Murty’s tax situation yesterday, saying it is important to keep families out of politics ‘if you possibly can’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Rishi’s wife’s ‘Indian citizenship has nothing to do with non-dom status’ MORE : What is ‘non dom’ status and how can Rishi Sunak’s wife legally claim it?