We can only suggest Grammys producers stay out of their DMs today, with the ceremony re-named the ‘Scammys’ amid outrage at certain snubs, most notably BTS failing to land a win on Sunday night. The seven-piece group – which counts RM, V, Suga, Jungkook, Jin, Jimin, and J-Hope as members – wowed us all with a performance of their hit Butter during the Las Vegas event, even roping in Olivia Rodrigo for a cameo. However, celebrations were swift after the group, who was nominated for best pop duo/group performance for Butter, lost out to SZA and Doja Cat’s Kiss Me More. While the winner is still an epic banger, BTS’ fan base, Army, was left fuming after the group – arguably the most famous in the world – was shut out at the Grammys for the second consecutive year. The tag #Scammys has been trending since the perceived snub, with irate fans accusing the Academy of using the popularity of the band for ‘clout’, knowing the loyal Army will be tuning in to hopefully see them scoop a win. One wrote on Twitter, echoing similar sentiments from other fans: ‘Stop using BTS for clout, you made Army stay up and waste their time knowing BTS isn’t going to win #scammys.’ However, some wanted to simply remind others that BTS are still winners, as they’re in town not just for the awards but to perform in four massive, sold out, stadium and arena dates in the coming weeks. One wrote on Twitter: ‘Reminder that bts came to vegas not for the grammy’s but for four sold out stadium concerts where the overflow seating is the grammy’s venue. they don’t need the grammy’s, the grammy’s need them. [sic]’ The loss won’t detract from their iconic performance, though as the septet created a scene straight out of a James Bond film for their time on stage. It began with V heating things up as he flirted with Olivia in the audience, whispering something in her ear (how she kept her cool, we’ll never know) before joining the lads on stage. Jungkook made quite the entrance, flying in from the ceiling, while the dramatic performance also saw J-Hope trip down the stairs, but he managed to recover like the pro he is. The group performed stellar choreography and jumped over lasers like 007, which earned a rightful standing ovation from the crowd. When it comes to last night’s winners, Silk Sonic duo Bruno Mars and Anderson Paak swept the board winning in all four of the categories they were nominated in, including song of the year and record of the year for Leave The Door Open. Jon Batiste proved to be the underdog, beating the likes of Kanye West, Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber to win album of the year for We Are. While many felt Billie Eilish was also robbed of an award, after being nominated for seven, her brother and collaborator Finneas O’Connell chimed in on Twitter to insist no one chat hate. He wrote: ‘We love silk sonic!! We love Jon batiste!!! We love everyone who won tonight!! I don’t wanna see anyone talking any trash at ALL!! Nothing but love!! Talented musicians won tonight!! We were lucky to be nominated!! And lucky to perform!!’ MORE : The Last Leg’s Adam Hills leads uproar after Louis CK wins Grammy despite sexual misconduct scandal MORE : We need to talk about Justin Bieber’s oversized Grammys suit – and his leather trousers