Extra time over the bank holiday got a lot of us thinking about how we can improve our homes – whether it’s with a new lick of paint, a DIY project or simply a really thorough deep clean. Because we use it multiple times a day, the kitchen is a place we always feel like we are constantly cleaning. But giving our kitchens (as well as other rooms in the house) a big spring clean can be beneficial for a number of reasons. It can stop dust, dirt and grime building up and can ensure our appliances are sparkling and in the best working order. While the kitchen can feel a little overwhelming when it comes to cleaning, it’s a good idea to break it down into sections – to ensure each bit is tackled in the best way. If you’re clueless with where to start, the team at Wren Kitchens have put together a spring clean checklist for the kitchen. And it seems there’s never been a better time to give it a go, with searches for ‘tidy kitchen tips’ up by 100%, according to Wren Kitchens. So if you want to give your kitchen a reset for the longer days to come, these are the essentials to tick off – each broken down into different sections to make it feel more manageable. And if you want to tackle the rest of the house, be sure to check out our spring cleaning household checklist, too. For a more organised cupboard space: To ensure this space stays clean and presentable, you’ll need to: Cleaning your oven and hob needs to be tackled carefully, this is where to start: To keep your worktops sparkling, you need to the following things: Your fridge and freezers need to be cleaned frequently to avoid cross-contamination and to ensure a germ-free space. To give it a deep clean do the following: A dishwasher can be a lifesaver, but it mist be cleaned thoroughly for it to work efficiently. To do this: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Clever cleaning hack gets your oven door sparkling in seconds MORE : Could conscious cleaning help you learn to love giving your home a scrub? MORE : Renter shares genius hack for cleaning filthy oven racks