Simon Cowell has been spotted out and about on his bike after admitting his son was fuming when he cycled again despite his accidents. The Britain’s Got Talent boss looked to be relaxed as he cruised through Malibu over the weekend with a cigarette in hand while he went out for a ride in the sun. He kept things casual in blue sweatpants, trainers and a black coat, completing the look with a pair of shades. His trip out comes after he admitted Eric, eight, was livid at him for getting back on his bike following some nasty accidents. The 62-year-old star hasn’t been deterred despite breaking both his back and arm in the space of 18 months recently after crashing on his E-bike. In January, he was rushed to hospital after crashing his bike near his West London home, which saw him break his arm and suffer a concussion after flying over the handlebars and landing in the middle of the road. That incident came more than a year after the TV mogul broke his back in a previous accident in Los Angeles, and his boy was ‘so mad’ when he saw his dad about to get on his bike, but Simon has no intention of ditching his love for cycling. ‘I actually went on one the other day, I was somewhere where I wasn’t on a road and I took my bike with me, and I actually thought, “I need to get back on my bike”, he said. ‘Then Eric saw me and went crazy! He was so mad, he made me walk it.’ He added to the Daily Mail Online: ‘I’ve always been very accident prone! Luckily it wasn’t too bad so you learn something from it. But you won’t get me off the bike. ‘We were at a hotel so he made me walk it back to the restaurant and then to our room. It’s like role reversal going on now, I’m now the child and he’s the parent, it’s hysterical. ‘The good thing was I wasn’t nervous when I got on it, I really enjoyed it. ‘I’m not getting off it! I always say that if you’re going to ride a bike then you’re going to fall off it at some point. It does come with the territory.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden and Simon Cowell dine with Dame Joan Collins stateside at swanky birthday meal: ‘Three Brits in Hollywood’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Comedian Axel Blake earns Simon Cowell’s golden buzzer with ‘actually funny’ Covid joke 