An aid worker has said he will continue his life-saving work in Ukraine despite appearing on a list of supposed British mercenaries. Harley Whitehead’s name appears alongside 100 others on the document which has been shared on a pro-Russia Telegram channel. Harley, 32, told Metro.co.uk he has supported the Ukrainian military and Western contractors but only in a civilian capacity. He said he was ‘surprised but not surprised’ to see his name on the list, which purportedly shows British combatants fighting for Ukrainian forces, and had no idea how or why it was included. However the volunteer said his work through the EastLancs4Ukraine group has involved supporting Ukrainian troops and private Western operators, mainly through the provision of medical kit. His name appears on the list of 99 men and one woman said by the channel to be part of the ‘International Legion of Territorial Defence of Ukraine’. Harley told Metro.co.uk: ‘It’s a bit of a mad one. I’m surprised but also in a way I’m not surprised. ‘A few things do fit into place now, because I have been pulled by Special Branch a couple of times when I’ve been coming back from Ukraine. ‘I have worked with the military but not in a logistical role, I’ve been there as a civilian. We have been involved in supplying medical gear to the military and helping to evacuate people, which has included working with private Western contractors. ‘I do know people from the International Legion, the Georgian Legion and the Azov Brigade, but then I know a lot of people in Ukraine anyway from years of travelling around the country. ‘This list appears to be pro-Russian propaganda and it’s exactly what you would expect from them. My girlfriend is originally from Donetsk and we know not to trust their version of the world.’ The Telegram channel, which supports Vladimir Putin, suggested that the list was obtained via the offices of the governor of the southern Mykolaiv region, Vitaly Kim. It has not been verified. Harley, from Blackburn, Lancashire, said appearing on the document, which gives names, dates of birth and ID numbers for those listed, would not stop his relief work. He divides his time between Ukraine and the UK and since the invasion began nine weeks ago has clocked up thousands of road miles delivering essential supplies on round trips to the war zone. The photographer arrived home two days ago from his latest journey, which involved delivering 14 armoured ambulances from across the border in Medyka, south-eastern Poland. His work alongside his friend, Steven Dickinson, has meant he has witnessed the aftermath of the horrors inflicted on civilians in places including Bucha, which has become synonymous with the atrocities allegedly carried out by Russian forces and their proxies. The relief worker was in the town, north of Kyiv, the day after Moscow’s troops withdrew following fierce resistance from Ukrainian forces during a stalled attempt to seize the capital. ‘It was horrific,’ Harley said. ‘There were bodies everywhere and they had left mines and booby traps. ‘They had literally massacred and murdered everyone in sight. Before the war I had nothing against Russia and I was due to go there to work next year, I was looking forward it. ‘But after what I’ve seen and now I’ve appeared on the list I’m not going to go. There are a few more armoured ambulances to go so we will concentrate on that, but we are just the tip of the iceberg of the aid that is needed in Ukraine.’ The list does not include Scott Sibley, who was named yesterday as the first British national killed fighting in Ukraine. Another UK citizen who has not been identified remains missing, the Foreign office said. The document also makes no mention of British nationals Aiden Aislin and Shaun Pinner, who were paraded on Russian TV earlier this month after being captured in the southern city of Mariupol. Harley is due to resume his work in Medyka, a major gateway for refugees fleeing Ukraine, in coming days. He has made more 30 trips by road since February 24, with his group having a base at a village in western Ukraine. The dangers were further underlined today with two British aid workers reported to have been captured by Russian forces in southern Ukraine. ‘It’s tough work on the aid side and I would not want anyone to put themselves in the firing line,’ Harley said. ‘If you spend too long out there you will get burnt out. ‘You do get guys going over there who are dreamers and they become a risk to themselves and a drain on the British government. I would ask anyone to think long and hard before they make the trip.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.