Alison Hammond couldn’t believe her ears after Phil Vickery confessed he has never had a ‘cheeky’ Nando’s before. During Wednesday’s edition of This Morning, the 47-year-old presenter was joined by co-host Dermot O’Leary and before they cut to break, Alison teased what the TV chef, 60, would be cooking later in the show. Although she didn’t reference the South African food chain by name, it was obvious from the viewer’s perspective that Phil’s peri-peri dish held a striking resemblance. ‘It is a family favourite but how do you fancy the taste of a very famous chicken restaurant for half the price? Morning Phil this looks great’ Alison said. ‘Now I have to admit, I’ve never eaten in that restaurant, but this is what I came up with…’ Phil replied. Alison – who was too stunned to speak – quickly cut him off and retorted: ‘What! Never eaten in that restaurant.’ ‘No, but the ingredients are all the same,’ said Phil. ‘You’re missing out babes, you are missing out,’ Alison added. You tell him, Alison! Phil’s startling confession sparked a mini frenzy on Twitter as one person wrote: ‘I’ve never had a Nandos either!’ While another joked: ‘Ugh, that feature on This Morning about DIY Nando’s has made me want – nay, NEED – all the actual Nando’s.’ ‘Phil’s never had a cheeky nando’s,’ another quipped. Dermot and Alison have been upgraded from their usual Friday slot, as Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield are currently taking a break over the Easter holidays. Josie Gibson and Vernon Kay will also take over presenting duties at some point. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alison Hammond in hysterics as Dermot O’Leary climbs into world’s smallest car in ’emasculating’ This Morning segment MORE : This Morning viewers baffled after ITV ‘turns down brightness’ without warning: ‘My TV’s f**ked?’ 