A warning has been issued as a woman dies in east London after eating a suspected cannabis sweet. The 23-year-old was taken to hospital along with a friend, 21, after they both fell ill immediately after eating the ‘gummies’. She died on April 2, while the friend was discharged following treatment. The sweets, sold in ‘child-friendly packaging with Trrlli Peachie O’s branding’, were bought via a messaging app. They were delivered to the woman’s home in Ilford, on March 29. A man was arrested in connection with the incident on April 1. He has been charged with possession with intent to supply Class B synthetic cannabinoid, being concerned in the supply of a synthetic cannabinoid, and possession with intent to supply a psychoactive substance. The suspect was found in possession of a large quantity of cash and what were believed to be edible cannabis products, the Metropolitan Police said. Officers have cautioned the public about the dangers of eating cannabis sweets following the tragedy. A number of the gummies are being tested and may be linked to another incident which saw a woman be taken to hospital in Tower Hamlets last month. Chief Superintendent Stuart Bell, of the Met’s East Area Basic Command Unit, said: ‘I must warn the public against taking any illegal substances, including those packaged in the form of cannabis sweets. ‘Please do not buy or consume these products. They are illegal and, because of the child-friendly packaging, they can pose a risk of accidental consumption. ‘The particular batch of sweets were contained in packaging featuring Trrlli Peachie O’s branding. It has not been confirmed at this stage where the sweets were manufactured. ‘Drug dealers harm communities and risk the safety of individuals. We will take positive action to target those engaged in this activity as well as those found in possession of these substances.’ Anyone with information about people selling illegal products has been urged to contact police. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.