Harry Styles has opened up about his sexuality and the pressure of having the public knowing about his dating life. The Golden singer is happily in a relationship with actress Olivia Wilde, with the couple striking up a romance at the beginning of 2021. Prior to that, Harry, 28, was romantically linked to a string of famous women such as Kendall Jenner and Taylor Swift. However, it was a thorn in his side knowing that everyone was talking about his romantic partners and, in particular, his sex life. In a frank new interview, Harry explained: ‘For a long time, it felt like the only thing that was mine was my sex life. I felt so ashamed about it, ashamed at the idea of people even knowing that I was having sex, let alone who with.’ ‘At the time, there were still the kiss-and-tell things. Working out who I could trust was stressful.’ ‘But I think I got to a place where I was like, why do I feel ashamed? I’m a 26-year-old man who’s single; it’s like, “yes, I have sex”,’ he told Better Homes & Gardens proudly. Harry also discussed the idea of labels and why he has chosen to keep his private, stating that he’s been ‘really open’ about it with his friends. ‘But that’s my personal experience; it’s mine,’ he added. The former One Direction singer is more interested in moving towards a place of ‘accepting everybody’ and not having to label everything or ‘clarify what boxes you’re checking’. Harry has been immensely supportive of the LGBTQ+ community and often waves the Pride flag around on stage. Fresh from his stellar headline shows at Coachella this month, Harry is preparing to release his third solo studio album Harry’s House, which will arrive on May 20 and features the number one single As It Was. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Madonna dons leather and fishnets in eye-catching rock chick themed snaps during recording studio session MORE : Johnny Depp ‘passed out drunk on beach in front of his kids’ on private island, court hears in Amber Heard trial 