Whoopi Goldberg believes Will Smith’s career won’t be affected in the slightest following the Oscars slap controversy. In mind-blowing scenes, the Bad Boys actor, 53, stormed the stage and slapped Chris Rock, 57, across the face after making a joke about wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s hair. Following the shocking showdown, Smith posted a lengthy apology on social media to Rock for his ‘unacceptable and inexcusable’ behaviour and has resigned from the Academy. While many have questioned whether Smith’s stellar career will recover, Goldberg, 66, stressed that he’ll bounce back in no time. During a segment of Monday’s episode of The View, Goldberg – who is also a governor for the Academy Awards – said: ‘The question is, does he have a path back? ‘Yes, of course, he does… He’ll be fine, he’ll be back. No worries.’ Goldberg’s comments follow the claims that Smith’s upcoming projects have been halted following the physical altercation. According to The Hollywood Reporter Netflix has ‘quietly halted’ production on the upcoming thriller, Fast and Loose, where the Oscar winner was set to take the lead. The streaming platform is said to be ‘wary’ about moving forward at the moment, but it is ‘unclear’ whether another actor will take his place. The Sister Act star has been very vocal about the shocking incident between Smith and Rock, and although she confirmed that Smith will be keeping his Academy Award, she explained that ‘nobody is okay with what happened’. Speaking to her fellow panelists, she said: ‘Let me say this, there are consequences. ‘What’s happening is people are now starting to calm down and say, “Wait a minute, what could have triggered this?”’ While the comedian has said he isn’t ready to discuss the controversy yet as he’s ‘still processing’ the situation, his brother Tony Rock slammed Smith’s actions during his comedy show. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Whoopi Goldberg reveals ‘there are big consequences’ over Will Smith hitting Chris Rock at the Oscars MORE : Bill Maher slammed for telling Jada Pinkett Smith to ‘put on a f***ing wig’ 