A little boy fleeing Ukraine was asked if he was a terrorist when applying to come to the UK for safety, his British relative claims. Emily Radford, 39, lives with her Ukrainian-born wife, who does not want to be named, in Sheffield. Emily’s wife has had British citizenship since 2011 but many of her family members still live in Ukraine. Her cousin and their four children were forced to flee Kyiv on March 11, making them one of the four million people who have left their homes in search of safety since the war began on February 24. Emily went to fetch her relatives and took them to Poland where they have stayed in several hostels for more than three weeks while they wait for their applications to the Ukraine Family Scheme to be approved. But the whole process has been completely ‘dehumanising’ for them, Emily claimed. The civil servant said: ‘This is a visa programme, but it’s a visa programme in response to a humanitarian crisis. ‘Three weeks for the family visa – these are people with connections… there is even a family member who has gone to fetch them. It’s insane to me. ‘They’ve treated what are primarily women and children as threats first rather than people to help.’ Emily said even her cousin-in-law’s youngest son – one of four children aged four, eight, 12 and 17 – was asked if he was a terrorist. She said: ‘Why are you asking those questions? It should literally just be: “Are you a child? Who is your mum? Okay, we’ll sort you out when you’re here and we can have questions with you then if we need to.”‘ Emily went on to say how upset she was to hear that her family thought the Polish people ‘had been wonderful’ but British bureaucracy made them feel ‘terrible’. ‘That was really hard for me to hear as a British person,’ she said. The last three weeks have been difficult for the family, being ‘bounced from accommodation to accommodation, not knowing how long they are going to be there’. There are other ‘simple issues like the kids not having anything to do while everyone is staying in one room’. ‘They’re pretty sick of each other. I think it’s just so hard for us Brits to imagine,’ Emily said. The family had their applications approved on Wednesday and they are hoping to fly to the UK today, when they will stay with Emily and her wife in Sheffield. Asked for a response to Ms Radford’s claims, a Government spokesperson said: ‘We are moving as quickly as possible to ensure that those fleeing Ukraine can find safety in the UK through the Ukraine Family Scheme and Homes for Ukraine. ‘We continue to speed up visa processing across both schemes, with 25,500 visas issued in the last three weeks alone and thousands more expected to come through these uncapped routes. ‘While we have streamlined the process, simplified our forms and boosted case worker numbers, vital security checks are needed to protect our borders and the British people from hostile state actors from Russia who would cynically take advantage of the support we are rightly providing to people fleeing Ukraine.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.