Daniel Craig was photographed covered in blood as he took a curtain call after his opening night of Macbeth in New York. The actor, 54, posed for photos as fans applauded at the end of the show, where he was seen wearing a grey knitted jumper with dark shoulder and elbow patches and white trousers, both of which were covered in blood stains. Daniel’s face was also smeared with the fake blood as he waved to the audience in the higher seats and clasped his hands together as if in prayer. The former James Bond star was also seen proudly applauding co-star Ruth Negga, 40, as the cast took in the applause from the audience. Earlier in the night, Daniel had looked more like his usual debonair self as he posed on the red carpet in a sharp navy suit with a grey tie. Daniel had been forced to pull out of earlier performances of Macbeth on Broadway after testing positive for Covid-19, leading to cancellations of the show. The Sam Gold-directed production of Macbeth was cancelled less than two hours before the scheduled matinee performance at the start of April. Producers said in a statement at the time: ‘Today’s matinee and evening performance ofMacbeth are cancelled due to Daniel Craig just testing positive for Covid this afternoon.’ They added: ‘We apologise for the inconvenience this causes ticket holders, but the safety of our audiences, the cast and crew remains our top priority. ‘All tickets for the cancelled performance will be refunded at the point of purchase.’ Preview performances for the production began on March 29, with the play’s official opening thankfully able to go ahead on its scheduled date of April 28. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘I can’t even look at a latte now’: Lorraine Kelly fights back giggles as EastEnders star Brian Conley reveals struggles with checking his poo MORE : Gavin and Stacey fans think James Corden is moving back to UK for a new episode after Late Late Show exit 