The cost of sending children to nurseries has jumped by £1,500 in just five years, according to analysis by Labour. With 1.3 million people being pushed into poverty next year, multi-millionaire chancellor Rishi Sunak is coming under intense pressure to help hard-up families. New analysis by the opposition shows for primary school pupils, the average cost of an after-school club has also gone up by 17% over the same period. It comes after a recent survey by Pregnant Then Screwed and Mumsnet found 40% of mums have to work fewer hours due to such sky-rocketing costs. Even Bristol City councillor Nicola Beech took to Twitter last week to reveal she has had to spend £30,000 on nursery costs for her three-year-old son. Bradley Stoke councillor Angela Morey also said: ‘With five children I’ve been priced out of working basically. ‘With the cost of nurseries and preschool and then 14 weeks school holidays it’s impossible to even break even after childcare fees. The system does not work.’ Reacting to the figures, Bridget Phillipson, Labour’s shadow education secretary, said: ‘The Conservatives are making high quality childcare increasingly unavailable and unaffordable. ‘Parents are having to work fewer hours or leave jobs because they cannot find or afford it, once again failing children and families. ‘Labour’s Children’s Recovery Plan would invest in early years places for children on free school meals and boost access to before and after-school clubs, as families fight rising prices. ‘The chancellor has failed to give families security. ‘Labour would halt the national insurance rise and use a one-off windfall tax on oil and gas companies to cut household’s bills by up to £600 and put families first.’ Metro.co.uk previously reported households are set to be £2,620 worse off this year under the Tory government, according to Sir Keir Starmer. In his Spring Statement, Mr Sunak offered some tax relief, such as 5p-a-litre off fuel duty and a £3,000 rise in the threshold for national insurance contributions. But experts argue he did nothing to allay the nation’s fears about soaring bills and inflation. According to Resolution Foundation, a further 1.3 million people will fall into absolute poverty next year, including 500,000 children. This would be the first time Britain has seen such a rise outside of recessions. The cost of the living crisis for single parents is even worse, research from the think tank stated. It said a single parent with one child, working 20 hours per week at a low to medium wage, and renting, would be £584 worse off or by 3%. ‘In the face of a cost of living crisis that looks set to make this parliament the worst on record for household incomes, the chancellor came to the box yesterday promising support with the cost of living today, and tax cuts tomorrow,’ chief executive Torsten Bell said. ‘The decision not to target support at those hardest hit by rising prices will leave low- and middle-income households painfully exposed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.