A driving examiner who was sacked after he drank so much Red Bull he ended up in hospital with a caffeine overdose has been awarded £40,000. Alan Leslie, 62, had to be treated at A&E after two days of downing the energy drink left him suffering ‘intense abdominal pains’. The Falklands veteran was having trouble sleeping and was spooked by a near-miss on a roundabout so he began buying heaps of the caffeinated drink. He told his bosses at the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency (DVSA) that he was having a ‘couple of large cans’ before each shift and had ‘plenty’ of Red Bull stocked up. But after finishing a shift, he had to go to hospital for ‘overdosing on caffeine’ and was not released until 3.30am the next day. An employment tribunal said his Red Bull bingeing was ‘not wise’. The hearing was told he relocated to Hastings in 2017 after he complained about being ‘openly bullied’ at a test centre. He claimed two female colleagues ‘humiliated’ him by ridiculing a manoeuvre he did during a test. His mental health worsened and he believed he was subjected to a ‘prolonged and pernicious campaign of ostracism’. Over the course of his employment, Mr Leslie had multiple periods of absence due to his mental health. In August 2018, he suffered anxiety after a performance review, leading to his Red Bull episode. The tribunal report said: ‘He had intense abdominal pains and had to go to A&E, which he left at 3.30 am. ‘They told him that it was down to an overdose of caffeine. The root of the problem, once again, was his determination to avoid taking any time off work and so put his job at risk.’ Mr Leslie’s absences continued and his bosses grew fed up with his refusal to stop bringing up old grievances. While off sick, he completed a Wellbeing Action Plan, setting out the changes he wanted in emotive terms, stating: ‘Being treated as a sentient and relevant human being.’ He was declared medically fit to work and told bosses he was eager to return, but he was sacked in May 2019, with bosses claiming he would not put the past behind him. Employment Judge Eoin Fowell ruled Mr Leslie was unfairly sacked and was discriminated due to his disability. Judge Fowell said: ‘The whole approach and reasoning justifying the dismissal were misguided, with its excessive focus on this issue of putting the past behind him. ‘The focus by the agency on his moving on from previous events, and their concern that he will not let them go and will continue to argue and absorb management time, perhaps causing further absences, appear to amount to a decision to dismiss squarely as a result of these effects.’ Mr Leslie, who lost other claims of discrimination and harassment, was awarded £39,180.99 in compensation, including more than £14,000 for ‘injury to feelings’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.