A woman has told how her ‘perfect relationship’ ended with her ex-boyfriend stabbing her 11 times in a jealous rage. Cynthi Dolgeová, says she and Jack Sutton were ‘really in love’ at the start, but all of her friends warned here that something about his behaviour wasn’t right. He didn’t want her to meet her pals or family and accused her of sleeping with other men. Cynthi, 23, says Sutton, 24, forced her to stop talking to her best friend because of her ex-partner, and would even check her knickers after she went out. She was too in love to see anything wrong with his behaviour, but has since come to terms with her mistreatment after he was jailed for nearly killing her. Now she wants to share her story after seeing some people sticking up for her jealous attacker. Cynthi, originally from the Czech Republic, met Sutton in her home country in April 2020 while he was there working. They moved to England together in February 2021, initially planning to stay for two months before moving to Germany for the dad-of-two’s work. But but because of Brexit and trouble with visas, the pair decided to stay in Scarborough. ‘I left everything for him including all my family, it was really hard for me and then after four months I found out he was cheating on me,’ Cynthi said. ‘With Covid and being here alone we stayed together. He was always telling me if I break up with him he would kill himself and it would be my fault – it wasn’t easy to leave him.’ During summer last year, Cynthi says she realised their relationship wasn’t ‘proper love’ but they stayed together despite her niggling feelings. One week before the attack, the couple split up and Cynthi moved in to house of her best friend, Amy. After the break up, they went for dinner together to ‘talk about stuff’ – but he took her ID without her realising at dinner because he knew she would need it. She realised it was missing after going for a drink with Amy later that evening and asked her ex for it back. He said he would meet her half way with it and wanted to talk – but this turned out to be a trap. Before carrying out his brutal assault on December 10, Sutton googled: ‘How many years do you get for killing someone?’ As Cynthi was stabbed repeatedly by Sutton in a darkened street, both Amy and a neighbour shouted at him to stop while calling the police. ‘I remember I didn’t felt any pain I was just really scared – I realised what was happening when the knife got stuck in my ribs and he couldn’t get it out,’ she said. ‘He was kicking my head like a ball. It was about eight minutes until police came.’ ‘I was lying on the floor and he was saying “I’m going to kill you”. All I could say at this point was chill out we will sort it out. ‘He tried to get me up but he couldn’t because I had been stabbed so he started beating me up again.’ A CT scan at hospital showed her lungs had partially collapsed and her liver had been punctured – but she eventually recovered and was discharged. In March, Sutton pleaded guilty to attempted murder and possession of an offensive weapon. Last Tuesday he was sentenced to 16 years in prison with an extended licence period of four years. ‘I’m lucky to be alive, the mental abuse and what he was doing to me wasn’t normal,’ Cynthi said. ‘I feel like a lot of people know about domestic violence but the mental abuse you suffer is so much more, it hurts in a different way.’ Cynthi has moved back to the Czech Republic to be with her family. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   