The organisers of Wimbledon have announced a ban on players from Russia and Belarus from competing at this year’s tournament. Men’s world No.2 Daniil Medvedev and women’s world No.4 Aryna Sabalenka will be among those affected by the decision. A statement from the All England Club on Wednesday read: ‘Given the profile of The Championships in the United Kingdom and around the world, it is our responsibility to play our part in the widespread efforts of Government, industry, sporting and creative institutions to limit Russia’s global influence through the strongest means possible. ‘In the circumstances of such unjustified and unprecedented military aggression, it would be unacceptable for the Russian regime to derive any benefits from the involvement of Russian or Belarusian players with The Championships. ‘It is therefore our intention, with deep regret, to decline entries from Russian and Belarusian players to The Championships 2022.’ All England Club chairman Ian Hewitt said: ‘We recognise that this is hard on the individuals affected, and it is with sadness that they will suffer for the actions of the leaders of the Russian regime.’ Wimbledon said that the decision would be reconsidered if circumstances ‘change materially’ between now and June and welcomed the LTA’s decision to also ban players from Russia and Belarus from its UK events this summer. UK sports minister Nigel Huddleston previously called for all Russian and Belarusian athletes to prove they are ‘genuinely neutral’ and give assurances they do not support or receive money from Vladimir Putin or the Russian regime. Olga Savchuk, meanwhile, who captained Ukraine in last week’s Billie Jean King Cup tie against the USA, said Russian players should be banned from competing. ‘It cannot just be a sanction against 90% of the Russian people and 10% not,’ Savchuk told the New York Times. ‘It has to be even and I think it is collective guilt.’ Ukrainian former world No.13 Alexandr Dolgopolov, meanwhile. thanked Wimbledon for ‘stepping up and showing the world an example’. ‘I believe Russia should be isolated in all possible ways, and the people of Russia have to solve this problem,’ he told BBC Sport. US Open champion Medvedev reached the fourth round of Wimbledon last year, while Sabalenka was a beaten semi-finalist. Russian No.15 15 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova and Belarus’ Victoria Azarenka – a two-time Australian Open champion – will also miss out, along with men’s world number eight Andrey Rublev. Players from the two countries will still be permitted to enter the French Open, which begins next month. MORE : World No.2 Daniil Medvedev and fellow Russian stars face Wimbledon ban MORE : Wimbledon ‘ready to ban’ Daniil Medvedev amid fears win could boost Vladimir Putin regime 