A grandmother has been named as one of four members of the same family stabbed to death in a home by a man in his 20s believed to be known to them. Dolet Hill, 63, was described by a woman claiming to be her niece as a ‘very lovely lady’ who ‘looked over everybody’. Neighbours called 999 shortly before 2am on Monday after hearing piercing screams from the terraced house in Bermondsey, south-east London. Armed police broke into the property and found four people with knife wounds including Ms Hill, a man in his 60s and two women in their 40s and 30s. They were believed to be close to the grandmother, although their identies could not be immediately confirmed. Armed police stormed the property on Delaford Road and arrested the suspect before bringing the victims outside where paramedics attempted to save them. They were pronounced dead the scene, and detectives have been working to inform next of kin. The woman describing herself as the daughter of Ms Hill’s sister told reporters she had come to the scene after her mother broke the news to her because she ‘didn’t believe it was real’. She said: ‘She’s a very nice lady, very friendly. She’s a Christian. Very good. ‘She didn’t deserve it.’ The 63-year-old was said to have moved to the UK from her native Jamaica at least 23 years ago and had a husband. She was described as a retired nurse who previously worked at nearby Guy’s and St Thomas’ Hospital. Speaking at the scene earlier on Monday, detectives said they believed the victims and suspect were known to each other but that it was ‘too early’ to confirm any family relations. Residents described hearing the attack unfold for at least five minutes before armed police descended on the typically quiet neighbourhood. One neighbour, who wished not to be named, said: ‘I was watching telly when, about half 1 in the morning, I heard a woman screaming for about five minutes. ‘It was awful. I thought it was someone was holding someone hostage or something. But when I heard the police, the helicopter, the ambulances, I knew it was really serious. ‘I saw about eight or nine police cars – all were armed – come out and surround the area.’ Anne Birkett, 60, a nearby resident, added: ‘It’s devastating. There are two primary schools in the area. Many people around here have young children and everyone is scared.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.