Johnny Depp has shared graphic details in court about the incident which saw the top of one of his fingers get severed by a vodka bottle. The actor, 58, is suing ex-wife Amber Heard, 35, after she wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post, discussing her experiences with domestic abuse, and is seeking $50million (£39million) in damages. Although Depp was not named in the article, which was published in 2018, his lawyers argued that it falsely implies that his former partner was physically and sexually abused by him when they were married. Heard is countersuing. He testified at the Fairfax County Courthouse in Virginia where he described an incident which took place in March 2015 in Australia, which resulted in part of his finger being severed after Heard allegedly threw two vodka bottles at him. Depp told the court: ‘[Heard] threw the large bottle and it made contact and shattered everywhere. Warning: Graphic images below ‘I honestly didn’t feel the pain at all at first, I felt no pain whatsoever. What I felt was heat and I felt as if something was dripping down my hand. ‘I looked down and realised that the tip of my finger had been severed and I was looking directly at my bone sticking out, and the meaty portion of the inside of your finger. ‘Blood was just pouring out and… I don’t know what a nervous breakdown feels like, but that’s probably the closest I’ve ever been. Nothing made sense. ‘I knew in my mind and in my heart, this is not life. No-one should have to go through this.’ Addressing the claims he had written on the walls in his own blood, he added: ‘I started to write in my own blood on the walls little reminders from our past that essentially represented lies that she had told me, lies that I had caught her in.’ Depp claims he sought refuge in the bathroom and called his doctor to come immediately, before he went to the hospital to have the finger sewn up. The court was shown graphic images of the damage to Depp’s finger, before and after it had been stitched up by medics. He claims he lied about the cause of his injury, telling hospital staff he had ‘smashed it in these large accordion doors’. Depp added: ‘I lied because I did not want to disclose… that it had been Ms Heard that had thrown a vodka bottle at me and then took my finger off. I didn’t want to get her in trouble. ‘I tried to keep things as easy as possible for everyone, I did not want to put her name in the mix.’ Heard has previously claimed that she was the victim of abuse during the Australia trip, and described the incident as a ‘three-day hostage situation’. The actress is also due to give evidence during the trial at Fairfax County District Court, which is set to last a total of seven weeks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp tells court he was ‘more inspired’ to use drugs and alcohol due to Amber Heard’s behaviour MORE : Johnny Depp reveals childhood abuse from ‘violent’ and ‘cruel’ mother and says drug-taking was to ‘numb feelings’ 