Katie Price and Carl Woods have been spotted holding hands at the airport following reports they had broken up, sparking speculation that their romance is back on track. In March, it was reported that the pair had split 11 months after their engagement, with a source saying that it had been a ‘difficult couple of months’ for them. The insider claimed that ongoing court cases had ‘added even more stress to the situation’, with Price having recently appeared by her fiancé’s side at court to try and help ‘get his charges dropped’ for ‘threatening and abusive behaviour’. However, new pictures have emerged of Price, 43, and Woods, 33, holding hands while getting on a flight for the Easter weekend, implying that their relationship is going strong. In the photos, the model was seen wearing a neon pink T-shirt and a white cap, her long blonde hair worn loose as she pulled a suitcase behind her. Former Love Island star Woods donned grey tracksuit bottoms and a black T-shirt, carrying a sweatshirt around his shoulders as he looked behind him in the camera’s direction. On Friday, the car salesman shared a selfie seemingly taken at the airport, captioning the post: ‘Catch Flights.’ During a recent trip to the beach, Price was photographed without her engagement ring after the rumours of her split from Woods were first reported. However, a day later, she revealed a close-up of her finger wearing the dazzling diamond, while showing off her new manicure to fans. Last month, fans were left wondering why Woods had seemingly deleted all traces of Price from Instagram, with not a single photo of the former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star visible on his profile. However, amid the news of their supposed break-up, a source admitted that they wouldn’t be surprised if the couple got back together. ‘It really seems to be over for now and they are both very sad about it,’ they told The Sun, before adding: ‘But of course no one would be surprised if they got back together.’ Price has been married three times in the past, to Peter Andre, Alex Reid and Kieran Hayler. Metro.co.uk has contacted Katie Price and Carl Wood’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price smiles as she heads to community service after ex Kieran Hayler takes legal action following ‘Jimmy Savile’ post MORE : Katie Price’s ex Kris Boyson addresses reunion rumours after hotel photos: ‘I do miss our family life together’ 