Ricky Gervais made an unexpected appearance during the launch of Piers Morgan’s brand new TalkTV programme. Piers Morgan Uncensored had its debut on Monday night and opened with a monologue from the former Good Morning Britain presenter, in which he compared himself to Nelson Mandela and promised to ‘cancel cancel culture’. In his opening segment, Piers, 57, revealed how he has received several messages of support from people ahead of the evening programme airing. He noted that one of them had been Ricky who had sent a video message. The 60-year-old comedian said in the clip: ‘The producers of Piers Morgan’s new show contacted me and asked me if I’d like to be a guest. I said, “Definitely not”. ‘They said would you mind doing a quick video wishing him luck? I said, “Do I have to mean it?” They said “No”. I said “Good luck”.’ Elsewhere in his monologue, Piers took the opportunity to mock Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, referring to the Duchess of Sussex as ‘Princess Pinocchio’ alongside a graphic of her nose growing much like the Disney character. He warned viewers that his new show would strictly be a ‘no cancel zone’. ‘My mission statement for this show is very simple – I’m going to cancel cancel culture,’ he said. ‘I’ll defeat this insidious, joyless societal scourge with those most effective of democracy-preserving weapons – common sense and truth.’ The broadcaster then went on to air the first part of his interview with Donald Trump, following a few days of tension between the two with the former US President fuming over a trailer of their chat showing him storming off. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV, 8pm Monday – Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When did Piers Morgan quit Good Morning Britain and why did he storm off? MORE : Piers Morgan says some female politicians ‘deliberately glam themselves up’ 