Former Olympian Cheavon Clarke has warned his cruiserweight rivals he is already operating at a higher level than them ahead of his professional debut. Clarke, 31, will become the latest member of Team GB’s class of 2021 to make their professional boxing debut on Sunday after leaving the amateur game behind him. He joins a thriving cruiserweight division when he makes his bow on the Lawrence Okolie vs Michal Cieslak card at the O2 Arena on Sunday having signed professional terms with Eddie Hearn’s Matchroom. With a huge amateur pedigree that has taken him across the world and seen him mix it with elite operators over the last decade, Clarke believes he has the ideal foundations needed to make a swift impact in a division where a number of stand-out British and Irish talents are already making their mark. At the top of the pile is WBO champion Okolie. Below him, Richard Riakporhe is positioning himself for a WBC title shot with Jack Massey in possession of the IBO belt. Chris Billam-Smith is the reigning European champion and with Tommy McCarthy, Mikael Lawal and Isaac Chamberlain also in the equation there is no shortage of domestic talent vying for world honours. Clarke however is out to claim his spot above each of them. ‘I’m right at the top,’ Clarke told Metro.co.uk when asked where he sees himself among the other British cruiserweight stars. ‘I’m not blowing smoke. I’m just telling the truth. ‘I believe in myself, the results have been there. I’m not making up bizarre stories like there is nothing there to prove it. I have got the results, I have built the foundations.’ Five years ago, Okolie began the same journey Clarke now embarks on after his Olympic campaign in Rio de Janeiro, reaching his goal of becoming world champion within four years. Like Clarke, Joe Joyce began his professional career just inside his 30s with the Putney heavyweight now no1 in line for a shot at the WBO belt after his silver medal success in 2016. While he is confident he is ready to move past the British hopefuls in his way, Clarke has no major designs on being fast-tracked. ‘I keep hearing people talking about getting fast-tracked,’ he said. ‘But I have a coach, I have a promoter and I will let them decide, we’re all good. ‘My coach sees me every day in the gym and he knows what I’m capable of. He wants me to move at a pace so let’s go. At the end of the day, there is no doubt about my ability and what I can do. So whatever they send my way, let’s do it.’ Clarke is training of Churchill’s Boxing Gym in south London under the guidance of Samm Mullins where he has been preparing for his big night at the O2 this weekend. After leaving Tokyo without a medal last summer, there might have been the temptation to roll the dice on one more Olympic cycle with Paris 2024 already shifting into focus. But for Clarke, the opportunity to ‘level up’ had to be taken. ‘When I got the offer [to turn pro], I thought about it but eventually it was clear: ‘I’ve done that. So I am going to level up’. ‘That is my ethos so that is what I’ve had to do to take on a new challenge. ‘I think that is how you grow. I love it up there, I love the guys up there and it is the best training facility in the world, but if it was to stay on Team GB for a longer period of time, I think I would have been too comfortable. I would know what to expect. Whereas is with this, I don’t know what is coming.’ Clarke will make his professional debut against the experienced Croatian Toni Visic, fighting on the same card as former Team GB teammate Galal Yafai who claimed the gold medal in the flyweight category last summer. MORE : ‘I might have a little dance at heavyweight’ – Lawrence Okolie plotting move to emulate David Haye and become two-weight world champion MORE : Galal Yafai: Olympic success with Team GB was the best time of my life but now I want a world title as quickly as possible For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 