Is love truly blind? With the season 2 finale of Love Is Blind now out on Netflix, that is the question viewers will be asking as they find out which couples tied the knot. Season 1 of the reality dating competition proved a massive hit with audiences in 2020, with this year’s cast members – including Natalie, Shayne, Danielle, Nick, Iyanna and Jarette – already gaining huge followings on social media. The final episode of the programme saw the weddings finally take place, with some ending in tears of happiness and others, tears of sadness. A reunion is due to air on the streaming platform, which will shed further light on behind-the-scenes moments and how their relationships played out when the cameras stopped rolling. So of the couples who made it to the final episode, which are still together? Danielle and Nick’s wedding was the first to play out in the Love Is Blind season two finale, with their pair’s ups and downs coming to a head at the altar. For a moment, it appeared that Nick could have been hesitant to say ‘I do’ after previously expressing his doubts… but in the end, the couple happily exchanged their vows, much to the excitement of their loved ones. Considering the finale has only just aired, many of the Love Is Blind stars have held back from making any clear statements indicating whether or not they are still in their respective relationships, so as to not spoil the show for anyone who hasn’t caught up yet. However, Danielle’s most recent Instagram post, which was shared a few days ago and referenced the panic attack she suffered during the trip to Mexico, featured a picture of her and Nick, as he kissed her on the cheek. Nick commented underneath the post, writing: ‘Always proud of you, your vulnerability, and your strength!’ After meeting face to face outside of the pods, Shake made it apparent on several occasions that he wasn’t sure if he was as physically attracted to Deepti as he was emotionally connected to her. However, the couple made it to their wedding day, with Deepti previously having been excited about the future she would share with her fiancé. When the time came to reveal their decisions, Deepti announced – much to Shake’s shock – that she could not marry him as she deserved to be with someone who was sure about their feelings for her. As she walked away, Shake tried to save face by insisting that all of the guests at the wedding still enjoy the party, as Deepti expressed the pride she had for choosing herself during a heartfelt conversation with her mother. On Instagram, Shake revealed that he and Deepti went for a meal at Nobu, having mentioned the reservation at the restaurant during the season finale. While it’s not yet been confirmed if they got back together, we predict the pair have just remained friends. In the pods, Mallory had a difficult decision to make when she forged connections with both Sal and Jarette. However, she decided to follow her heart, which led her to Sal. Following their IRL meeting, Mallory came across as slightly hesitant about her relationship with her fiancé, with the pair hitting an obstacle when one of Sal’s exes reached out to his sisters. On the day of their wedding, emotions were running high as Sal told Mallory that he couldn’t go through with it, as he simply needed more time. As they opened up about how they were feeling, Sal said that he thought they should go on a date in the real world. Sal and Mallory are yet to post about each other on Instagram, so it’s uncertain if their date took place and if so, if romance could still be on the cards for them. Despite getting on like a house on fire, Natalie and Shayne had their ups and downs leading up to the finale, with the pair going from joking around to becoming embroiled in emotional arguments. The night before their wedding, they shared a tear-jerking row, with Natalie telling the camera how hurt she was by some of the things that Shayne said. At the altar, Natalie expressed how much she cares about Shayne, before telling him that she could not marry him as she thought they had issues to deal with first. While she didn’t want to rule out their relationship completely, it was clear how hurt Shayne was by the rejection. Natalie has left comments on several of Shayne’s recent Instagram posts, one of which had a caption that read: ‘I want to make sure everyone knows that Natalie is incredible woman with a huge heart and I hope everyone stays tune to see how it all unfolds! I wouldn’t trade my time on this wild ride for anything [sic].’ Could this mean the couple are still dating after filming came to an end? Iyanna and Jarette were the only couple other than Danielle and Nick to exchange their ‘I dos’ on the day of their wedding. Both appeared in good spirits as they prepared for the ceremony, and that continued as they officially became husband and wife. While they are yet to post about each other since their weddings, we’re hoping this couple is still going strong. Earlier this week, Iyanna shared photos on Instagram from her bachelorette party, as she posed up a storm in her ‘bride to be’ sash. Meanwhile, Jarette wrote in a post that seeing Iyanna for the first time in person left him ‘speechless’. A reunion special is set to come out on Friday March 4 – and it looks like it’s going to be explosive. In first look pictures released by Netflix, Natalie is shown seemingly having an altercation with Shaina, who showed interest in Shayne despite becoming engaged to Kyle. Meanwhile in another image, Shake is captured talking animatedly as Shayne reacts in shock to whatever’s being said. There’s just one week to go until we discover the drama that has unfolded away from the cameras. You’d better have your popcorn at the ready. Love Is Blind is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Is Blind season 2: Bosses predicted Shaina Hurley and Kyle Abrams split after Shayne Jansen chat MORE : Love Is Blind season 2: Natalie Lee rejected mystery proposal before Shayne Jansen engagement 