The Taliban has called on Russia and Ukraine to ‘resolve the crisis through dialogue and peaceful means’. In a statement posted to the militant group’s official Twitter account, now named the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, they said they are ‘concerned about the real possibility of civilian casualties’. The group has not yet been recognised by any foreign government as the legitimate rulers of Afghanistan. Earlier this year, the United Nations said it had received ‘credible allegations’ that more than 100 former Afghan government officials, members of the national security forces and people who worked with Allies had been killed since they seized control of the country. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The full statement reads: ‘The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan is closely monitoring the situation in Ukraine and expresses concern about real possibility of civilian casualties. ‘The Islamic Emirate calls for restraint by both parties. All sides need to desist from taking positions that could intensify violence. ‘The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, in line with its foreign policy of neutrality, calls on both sides of the conflict to resolve the crisis through dialogue and peaceful means. ‘The Islamic Emirate also calls on parties to the conflict to pay attention to safeguarding the lives of Afghan students and migrants in Ukraine.’ Tens of thousands of Ukrainians, mostly women and children, crossed into Poland, Romania, Hungary and Slovakia on Friday as Russian missiles pounded the capital Kyiv. Many waited for hours in freezing conditions to leave Ukraine after Russian President Vladimir Putin launched an invasion. Men aged between 18 and 60 who could be conscripted were prevented from leaving. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky vowed that his military will keep fighting back and he ordered a full mobilisation. He said 137 people – servicemen and civilians – have been killed and hundreds more wounded since the invasion began. UN aid agencies say the war could drive up to five million people to flee abroad. They said fuel, cash and medical supplies were running low in parts of Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.