Ukraine says 198 of its people have been killed two days after Russia invaded the country, while more than 1,000 others have been wounded. Health Minister Viktor Lyashko said today that there were three children among the dead. His statement made it unclear whether the casualties included both military and civilians. He said another 1,115 people, including 33 children, were wounded in the Russian invasion that began Thursday. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The attack began with massive air and missile strikes and troops forging into Ukraine from the north, east and south. Despite the Kremlin’s claim that it is only attacking military targets, a number of residential sites have been hit during Vladimir Putin’s bombardments. Amnesty International has accused the Russian military of ‘indiscriminate attacks’ after investigating several incidents in Ukraine. These included a missile strike on a hospital building in the eastern city of  Vuhledar which killed four civilians and left 10 wounded. In a statement, Amnesty’s Secretary-General Agnes Callamard said: ‘The Russian military has shown a blatant disregard for civilian lives by using ballistic missiles and other explosive weapons with wide-area effects in densely populated areas. ‘Some of these attacks may be war crimes. The Russian government, which falsely claims to use only precision-guided weapons, should take responsibility for these acts.’ Calling on Moscow to end ‘indiscriminate attacks in violation of the laws of war’, she said: ‘The continuation of the use of ballistic missiles and other inaccurate explosive weapons causing civilian deaths and injuries is inexcusable.’ Russia spent weeks denying plans to invade Ukraine while simultaneously amassing as many as 190,000 troops on its border. It dismissed the West’s concerns of an attack as hysterical, but made clear legal demands that Ukraine is never allowed to join NATO. The Kremlin fears the alliance has expanded too far eastwards and poses a security threat to Russia. But Ukraine wasn’t immediately close to joining, and others have pointed to Putin’s longstanding obsession with returning the country to Moscow’s fold. The Russian President has also made claims of ‘genocide’ in Ukraine and claimed he was trying to ‘denazify’ the country. ‘Neo-Nazis’ is regularly used by Putin to deride Ukraine’s democratically-elected government. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, who is Jewish, has dismissed the term. While there are far-right groups in the country, a number of analysts say the idea that Ukraine is run by them has no merit. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.