You made it through February, now it’s time for March. But what can you expect from this new month that lies ahead? Astrology and tarot are here to help guide you through the next few weeks. Ahead you’ll find your tarotscope for the month of March. Each star sign has three tarot cards drawn, with a breakdown of what this means for the time ahead. Gemini, for example, can expect a new beginning, while Virgos are tasked with tackling an overthinking habit. March 21 to April 20 Tarot cards for Aries for March: Ten of Coins, Four of Swords, Knight of Wands Meaning: Recharge your batteries. You’ve been very hard-headed and future-focused recently, with the Ten of Coins. Making long-term plans, saving up, knuckling down to business, being super sensible. Can I be honest? You’re ready for a blowout! Being so very cautious and prudent doesn’t really suit your natural fiery nature, Aries, and you need a break. The Four of Swords orders a little period of rest and respite this month ahead. Stop working so hard, saving so diligently, being so earnest. Take some relaxation and rejuvenation time for yourself, not worrying about the job/bank account/house/bills, etc. The Knight of Wands even hints that you could have some fun! Go on a little adventure, challenge yourself, take up a new activity that gets your blood pumping. You’ll be ready to knuckle down again soon, but you must recharge first. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot cards for Taurus for March: Ten of Wands, Four of Wands, Eight of Swords Meaning: Get organised You do get yourself into a pickle at times, Taurus, because you can’t seem to find a sustainable balance between work, play, and rest. You’re either flat out on the sofa doing nothing for days on end or whirling around like a Tasmanian devil trying to do everything in one afternoon. The hardworking Four and Ten of Wands combine with the repeat pattern Eight of Swords to point out this cycle of behaviour to you this month, and you decide you can’t go on in this way, it’s exhausting and you’re sick of it. Seek to schedule yourself more sensibly this month. Plan ahead. Organise your priorities vs your everyday chores and allocate time and space for them in advance. Break it all down into bite-size pieces and tackle a little bit every day. You’re going to feel so much better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot cards for Gemini for March: The Fool, Page of Swords, The Hierophant Meaning: A new beginning You are always looking for the next new thing, like a jewel-hunting magpie, eager to refresh and renew your energy by activating a new pathway. The Fool will bring you one, a major one, this month ahead – so don’t get shy now! It’s time to push yourself out of your comfort zone. The Page Of Swords asks you to be decisive and clear-eyed about this endeavour. Don’t hem and haw and procrastinate or you might miss the boat. Don’t overthink it – say ‘yes’. The Hierophant shows it’s related to spirituality, leadership, becoming an expert in something, creating your own voice or platform on a topic you’re passionate about, campaigning or giving your time freely to a good cause. This is doing good in order to feel good. Get involved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot cards for Cancer for March: Five of Coins, Eight of Coins, Three of Coins Meaning: Don’t give up A trio of Coins cards shows that your heart and mind is very much focused on your material world this month – health, home, money, and work. The everyday stuff of life that makes your life as it is. You are ready to make some changes, and opportunity is going to come your way. The Five of Coins shows you dealing with a setback, a loss or a negative event in your past which threw you off course in one of these areas, you’re still overcoming it. The Eight of Coins reveals this has been a long journey, a difficult one, but you have stuck to it, not given up, and persisted. The Three of Coins reveals others have noticed your dignity, determination, and diligence here, and admire it. You have shown you can handle adversity with grace and class. And, because of this, a new opportunity will arise, a result of others appreciating you for who you are. Well done. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot cards for Leo for March: Eight of Wands, Page of Coins, Three of Cups Meaning: A social life boom Your social life is about to light up, Leo, and this makes you very happy indeed. You shine brightest in a crowd. The Eight of Wands sees you at the heart of the action, being in demand, enjoying the cut and thrust of people’s motives, actions, secrets, and news all around you. The Three of Cups tells you to live it up, YOLO, enjoy your life and all that’s on offer right now. Live for today. Have fun. Say ‘yes’ to it all. The Page of Coins reveals, in the background, there are important and inspiring life lessons, news and information to be had through all of this mingling and socialising. Keep your eyes open, think things through, reflect on what you learn about other people, extract the wisdom from the gossip. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot cards for Virgo for March: Nine of Swords, The Tower, The Star Meaning: Stop the overthinking You are one of the zodiac’s worriers; you can catastrophise easily and imaginatively, you overthink, you put effort into whittling about things (almost as a way of warding them off). The Tower and the Nine of Swords combine to reveal this has gotten a bit out of had recently, and you feel overwhelmed by your negative spiralling thoughts and fears. It’s been tough. Virgo, time to recognise and stop this self-sabotaging behaviour. The Star asks you to change the record, replace your negative thoughts as soon as they arise with positive daydreams and visions. If you can’t drum them up yourself, repeat an affirmation till your mind is clear or listen to a meditation. Put the work in here and, within days, you will feel lighter and brighter and back to your sparkling, can-do and capable self. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot cards for Libra for March: The Hanged Man, Six of Cups, Page of Cups Meaning: The past has answers. A blast from the past has the answer to a question or issue that’s thwarting you in the present, so look back in order to move ahead. The Hanged Man has you in a limbo, feeling frustrated, plans are stalled. It has been difficult. You are going in circles here. Well, there’s an answer in a place you haven’t yet looked… the past! The Page and Six of Cups specifically direct you back to childhood, back to a time when you were perhaps faced with something like this, or felt this emotion, or were blocked from doing what you thought you should. Review it from your current perspective, try to understand how you overcame it, see the pattern and commonalities as well as the differences. Something will enlighten you, I promise! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot cards for Scorpio for March: Temperance, King of Swords, Five of Cups Meaning: Survival You come over as so strong, in control, maybe even invincible, and yet, deep down, you are as sensitive as the rest of us and dwell deeply on your regrets and doubts, just like everyone else. The Five of Cups has you grieving privately about something in the past, and it’s been eating you up. The King of Swords is here to bring a more rational (than emotional) mindset to this matter and help you to rationalise how you’ve got to where you’re at, and what good it has actually done you. There are silver linings you’re overlooking. Temperance shows this sad event has strengthened you, changed you, re-shaped you, and you’re still coming to terms with that shift in your identity and outlook. That’s okay. Give yourself time, but stop feeling sad and start feeling appreciative of having survived and thrived through a tough time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot cards for Sagittarius for March: Four of Wands, Page of Swords, Two of Cups Meaning: Fix a relationship If you commit to the relationship(s) in your life which matter most, and consciously fix or address what’s felt false or negative or fading recently, you can overcome almost anything, and get things back on track. The Page of Swords shows a close bond in your life has blown hot and cold recently, and there has been distance or tension. Sometimes you’ve felt like throwing in the towel altogether…. Don’t do it! The Two of Cups and Four of Wands reveal that the tension is a symptom of something deeper, so dig for what could be and address things at that level. All can be fixed, nothing is lost, all will be restored to normal service, if not even better than before. This relationship is important. Show them you care and listen to how they feel. Fix it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot cards for Capricorn for March: Three of Coins, The Fool, Ten of Cups) Meaning: New or rekindled love. If you’ve been missing someone recently then acknowledge how you feel and act upon it. Reach out, reconnect, rekindle, get back together, mend what was broken. This love or friendship can be restored. The Fool is the tarot’s renewal and new beginnings card and urges you to make one. A clean slate. The Ten of Cups is the tarot’s major romance card, or deep close friendship, and reveals that one awaits. This could be with someone totally new, but if you have been bothered by missing someone recently then consider that too. Can you reach out to them? The Three of Coins shows you have an admirer or a long-lost friend/love who’s missing you too. They might be an Earth sign (Capricorn, Taurus, Virgo) or just someone you had huge affection for. Keep your eyes open, keep an open heart, and let love return to your life in whatever guise it comes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot cards for Aquarius for March: Page of Wands, Five of Coins, Eight of Coins Meaning: Let the past fade. You’re determined to put something from your past behind you, and although it’s taken hard work, it’s working. Keep going. The Five and Eight of Coins see you wrestling with a past event that hurt or impacted you in a negative way, this was a while back but the echoes remain, and you have to consciously and deliberately fight with yourself to overcome the memories or impact. You have done very well to process it all. You’ve shown courage and resilience. The Page of Wands asks you to loosen your grip a little this month. Let things flow more. If memories or feelings surface, then simply acknowledge their presence but know they’ll pass by soon enough and you don’t need to do anything. This is just a part of your past now. It’s can’t hurt you. It’s over. Let it fade from view. Refocus elsewhere. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot cards for Pisces for March: Page of Cups, Three of Cups, Nine of Coins Meaning: Plan a hobby A strange request from the tarot for you this month, Pisces: think about and plan your long-term hobbies and pastimes. Put conscious thought into recognising what relaxes and inspires you and make more time and space for it in your life long-term. The Nine of Coins is the long-term self improvement and development card. Working towards a future ideal. Having big plans. Making steady progress.The Page and Three of Cups combine to talk about hobbies, pastimes, interests, creative projects, relaxing activities, travel, and exploration. What do you enjoy doing? Do you do enough of it? If you accepted this thing was going to be a big part of your life forever, what changes could you make to welcome it in and embed it? Consider, and then act. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : How to do a love tarot and read your own relationship fortune MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship