Downing Street accidentally called the police on one of its own alleged lockdown parties. The Government has been accused of holding multiple gatherings and events that violated its own coronavirus rules. Top civil servant Sue Gray has investigated – concluding that elected officials fell short of the standard ‘expected of the entire British population at the time’ – and now the Metropolitan Police is conducting its own probe. During one of these alleged events, on December 18 in 2020, a staff member pressed a silent security alarm in No 10 and a police officer came running. But instead of an emergency, the officer reportedly walked in on a bash with about 50 people there. The officer was interviewed by Sue Gray and is being treated as a key witness in the Met inquiry. Deputy Met commissioner Sir Stephen House told this story at a meeting for the London Assembly’s police and crime committee on Wednesday. When asked why this officer – or any other officers – never broke up any illegal events, Sir Stephen argued the force at Downing Street would have been focused on preventing an attack. But he also went on to say: ‘Armed officers do not routinely walk through the Cabinet Office or No 10 Downing Street. ‘If we find officers knew what was going on and should have intervened, then we will follow up on that.’ Sir Stephen also stressed ‘many of the events we’re investigating were at the end of the working day for people already in the building and who had been there since 7am or 8am’. The Met has sent a questionnaire to 88 people accused of breaching coronavirus regulations, including the prime minister. People’s answers will be considered a ‘written statement under caution’, Scotland Yard recently confirmed. The prime minister returned his questionnaire within seven days of receiving it, but his answers are not expected to be made public. It comes after some of the questions on the Met’s form were leaked, leading to criticism that ministers are getting asked questions which will be easy to get out of. Criminal law barrister Andrew Keogh said the questions show the Met is carrying out ‘anything but a rigorous investigation’. Former Met Police chief superintendent Dal Babu also believes the questions are ‘pretty bland’ and said a ‘lawyer would perhaps give you a get out of jail card in response to all of those questions’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.