Having already spent much of her life (and money) undergoing surgery to look like a human barbie, one woman has now decided to transform into her idol, Pamela Anderson. The self-proclaimed ‘Queen of Hollywood’, real name Marcela Iglesias, has been inspired by popular Disney Plus series Pam & Tommy, which stars Lily James, to transform into the Baywatch star, from her blonde locks to her 34Ds. Previously, Marcela has spent £60,000 on procedures like Botox, fillers and her notorious ‘spider web abs’ which involved 70 tiny threads injected into her stomach in the shape of a spider’s web, to try to tighten her muscles and prevent sagging. Only a year before that in 2018 she had the similar ‘spider web butt lift’ which cost £2,200 and involved 100 threads injected into her bum. Being one of the first people in the world to have this type of procedure, Marcela made headlines and has since become a self-made millionaire for her various work including guiding women through their own transformative journeys and founding a non-fungible token, CryptoBarbie. Now, the LA-based model and entrepreneur wants to go one step further from her doll-like look and become her idol. Speaking to Jam Press, she said: ‘Ever since I was young, I thought Pamela was the most beautiful woman. ‘I got infatuated with her and Baywatch. ‘I’ve been watching the new series and I loved the fact that Lily James is wearing a prosthetic piece that looks exactly like the replica of Pam’s boobs. ‘I’m very happy with my new set.’ It’s not just the outside that will match Pam though, as it appears the two have more in common than their looks. Marcela, like Pam, is an animal rights activist, vegetarian, and -on another note- has a keen sexual appetite. The mum, who grew up in Argentina, took her first step towards looking like a Barbie when she was 14 by dying her naturally brown hair into bleach-blonde. Since then, she’s claimed to have only had minimally invasive procedures, and this will be the first time she will have gone under the knife. Having been thinking about the procedure since losing 12 lbs last year, Marcela took the plunge from a 34B to a 34D, saying: ‘All my fat had gone and I wanted to perk my breasts up, and I wanted to look more like Pamela.’ She underwent the four-hour operation with plastic surgeon Dr Ariel Ourian and with help from implant company, Sientra. Pam & Tommy follows the iconic duo who married less than a week after meeting in 1995. The eight-part series explores the sex tape they made which was stolen and circulated. The real-life couple, who were not involved in the project, divorced in 1998 after two children together. Each of them have shared differing opinions regarding the controversial biopic, as Tommy has revealed his excitement to see the scandal unfold on screen, whilst sources told US Weekly that Pamela was nowhere near as thrilled, with her family said to have described it as a ‘cheap knock-off.’ Sources also told The Sun:  ‘Pamela has no intention of watching this God awful show, absolutely not. Never.’ ‘She’s never heard of the actors playing her or Tommy, and doesn’t care to know them.’ Episodes of Pam & Tommy are available to watch on Disney Plus for UK viewers, with new instalments released every Wednesday. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Why I’m glad to see the rise of male nudity on TV in Pam & Tommy and Euphoria MORE : Pam & Tommy: Lily James larks about in bikini with Sebastian Stan and poses with glam squad in cheeky behind-the-scenes snaps 