Russian government websites including the official Kremlin page were down on Saturday after reports of cyberattacks on multiple state media websites amid Russian President Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Ukraine’s state telecommunications agency disclosed that six Russian government sites were non-functional, The Kyiv Independent reported. As the Russian media regulator’s site crashed, hackers got Russian TV channels to broadcast Ukrainian songs, the agency reportedly said. The sites had the message: ‘This Page Cannot Be Displayed. The system cannot communicate with the external server ( government.ru ). The internet server may be busy, may be permanently down, or may be unreachable because of network problems.’ It was not immediately clear what caused the outages, but the international hacking group Anonymous on Saturday morning tweeted it was ‘at war with Russia’ and to ‘stay tuned’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The Russian websites appeared to be offline for several hours on Friday, but the Kremlin denied it was under attack by Anonymous, state media reported. Russian websites have been on-and-offline since Putin began a full-scale invasion of Ukraine three days ago. Kyiv was struck with a huge cyberattack on Wednesday, hours before Putin began a war to ‘demilitarise’ and ‘de-Nazify’ Ukraine. Its Ministry of Defence, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Internal Affairs, Cabinet of Ministers and Security Service sites were down. On Thursday, Ukraine’s government asked for volunteers from the nation’s hacker underground to help safeguard infrastructure and engage in cyber spying missions targeting Russian troops, two sources told Reuters. Also on Thursday, Anonymous said it was ‘currently involved in operations against the Russian Federation’ and that ‘our operations are targeting the Russian government’. ‘We, as a collective want only peace in the world. We want a future for all of humanity. So, while people around the globe smash your internet providers to bits, understand that it’s entirely directed at the actions of the Russian government and Putin,’ the collective tweeted. ‘Put yourselves in the shoes of the Ukrainians being bombed right now. Together we can change the world, we can stand up against anything. It is time for the Russian people to stand together and say “NO” to Vladimir Putin’s war.’ It remains unclear whether Anonymous or Ukraine’s hacker underground were responsible for the Russian government sites crashing. Anonymous on Saturday tweeted that it is working to keep Russian government websites offline while also carrying out ‘ongoing operations to keep the Ukrainian people online as best we can’. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has remained defiant as Russia continues its assault on Kyiv, striking an apartment building with a missile. Zelensky on Saturday said his country’s armed forces ‘derailed’ Putin’s plans to capture the capital. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.