James Anderson says he is ‘praying’ that his England career is not over after being left out of the squad for next month’s tour to West Indies. England record wicket-taker Anderson and long-time bowling partner Stuart Broad were both dropped from the Test squad following this winter’s Ashes defeat to Australia. Anderson, who produced the best bowling average of all of England’s players in Australia, insists it has taken him a while to process the decision. ‘I’m praying this isn’t the end,’ Anderson, who has taken 640 wickets in 169 Tests, said on the BBC Tailenders podcast. ‘But if I never play for England again, I know I’ve got amazing people around me to support me and that’s really important.’ Anderson says ‘another frustration’ was that he was told he was dropped in a ‘five-minute phone call’ with England interim director of cricket Sir Andrew Strauss. Broad, who is England’s second-highest Test wicket-taker with 537 in 152 matches, vented his frustration at a similar scenario when he broke his silence on being dropped in an emotional column for the Daily Mail. Like Broad, Anderson is desperate to regain his place in the England team this summer and will feature for Lancashire when the County Championship starts in April. ‘I’ve got one more go at digging deep,’ Anderson said. ‘I’ve got a lot left to offer – I’ve still got the hunger and passion to play. ‘It was a shock and a disappointment to get that call but having processed it, it’s important I try to focus on stuff I can control and that’s showing people what I can do with the ball in my hand.’ Strauss insisted the door was not closed for Anderson and Broad when England named their 16-man touring party for the West Indies. Anderson hopes Strauss’ replacement and the next England head coach – Chris Silverwood was sacked in the aftermath of the Ashes defeat – view him as an integral member of the Test squad. The 39-year-old added: ‘Obviously it was a difficult tour of Australia, but I was happy with the way I bowled, I put in some decent performances out there. ‘There will be a new director of cricket and new head coach in the summer, so I hope that whatever decision is made it’s talked about in the way that it should be. ‘Trying to stay away from the noise on social media has been difficult, but among the noise there have been some amazing messages.’ Joe Root’s England, who were thumped 4-0 in the Ashes, begin a three-match Test series against West Indies on March 8 in Antigua. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 