Lorraine Kelly has urged Katie Price to not have any more work cosmetic surgery – but the model refused to back down. The 43-year-old appeared on the talk show before the premiere of her follow-up BBC documentary Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next, which follows her eldest son flying the nest and moving to college. However, Lorraine couldn’t resist calling Katie out for her cosmetic procedures after the star had a recent brow lift. ‘I’m looking at you now, and I want to say to you – don’t have any more work,’ said the presenter. ‘You’re fine!’ Wearing a bright pink tracksuit, the model joked back: ‘You sound like my mother!’ The controversial celebrity has undergone various cosmetic procedures including breast enhancements, liposuction and a Brazilian butt lift. She has previously opened up about being addicted to cosmetic surgery, with her most recent addition being a brow lift. Speaking to Lorraine, Katie revealed that many people had questioned her when she joined her son on stage at the National Diversity Awards. Harvey, 19, won Celebrity of the Year at the prestigious award show, and the proud mum of five stood by his side with bandages wrapped around her had, that she said people had called a ‘hat’. She said her own mum had questioned her about the surgery: ‘What are you doing that for?’ But Katie had fought back with: ‘I’m in my 40s, I did my whole career natural, apart from the boobs, I am gonna have surgery. ‘It’s what I want.’ Lorraine shockingly brought up the ‘pain’ and ‘expense’ side of these surgeries, although the model seemed convinced that ‘the face actually isn’t painful.’ She also added she would have ‘never’ have had her teeth done if she hadn’t cracked them falling off of a skateboard when she was younger. ‘Everything else, I’m in my 40s, so why not? Everyone knows I’m gonna do it! Everyone picks on me for it!’ ‘I’m happy, I’m healthy and I’m focusing on the good,’ ended Katie. But is it ever really ok to comment on someone’s cosmetic surgery? Senior therapist Sally Baker admitted to Metro.co.uk this is a tricky situation to navigate. ‘Going for any type of cosmetic procedure comes from a place of internal dissatisfaction,’ Sally told us. ‘It will aggravate those insecurities. They will react badly because no one wants to be seen for their vulnerabilities.’ Katie appeared in good spirits after a rocky few months following her arrest for drink-driving resulting in a court order to spend a month in The Priory. Lorraine also avoided asking Katie about her boyfriend Carl Woods, who was charged last week with ‘threatening and abusive behavior’. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price and fiance Carl Woods pictured enjoying luxurious getaway as he’s charged with ‘threatening and abusive behaviour’ MORE : Katie Price comforts Harvey as he moves into new college during first look trailer for sequel to powerful BBC documentary 