Kate Middleton has joked that she is feeling ‘broody’ after spending time with Danish babies. The Duchess of Cambridge slid down a helter-skelter ride in the Scandanavian country, where young people are being taught to use play to develop their teaching skills. The future King’s wife made a tongue-in-cheek comment about Prince William worrying about her working with children under a year old because she returns home wanting ‘another one’. The royal couple, aged 39 and 40, already have three children – but it appears that a fourth child may not be out of the question. Kate made her broody confession after chatting to parents with their babies at Copenhagen’s Children’s Museum. She also praised dads who take paternity leave after flying to the Danish capital for a whistle-stop tour, to meet health workers and academics at the forefront of Denmark’s world-leading approach to early childhood development. The duchess was tempted to take the slide after meeting the team leading a national programme training students to help children use play to develop life skills. She passed her handbag to an aide at the Lego Foundation PlayLab at University College Copenhagen – where students training to be early years professionals are encouraged to play – after being told some staff use it instead of the stairs. After meeting with two eight-month-old baby boys and their parents, she joked: ‘It makes me very broody. ‘William always worries about me meeting under one-year-olds. I come home saying, “let’s have another one”.’ Dressed in Denmark’s national colours – a red Zara blazer and white blouse – the future queen met young people studying under the Playful Learning programme. The scheme uses playful learning to spark enthusiasm in the profession and is said to give young adults the teaching qualities and playful approach needed to support children’s social and emotional development. Kate is spending two days in Copenhagen on a fact-finding visit with her Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood. She explained that she had used some of the recent half-term school break playing with Lego with her children, Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis, who were envious when they learnt she would be visiting the Lego Foundation PlayLab. ‘My children are very jealous they weren’t coming to see the Lego Foundation. They were like, “hang on, there’s Lego and we’re not coming?”,’ she said. At the Children’s Museum, Kate heard about an Understanding Your Baby research project which trains health visitors to help new parents as they begin to notice and interpret their babies’ behavioural cues. During the museum visit, Kate also praised fathers for taking time off work to ‘get to know’ their babies and spoke of a universal struggle of parenthood where even the most well-educated can struggle to ask for help. Told how even well-educated mothers and fathers struggle with feeling ‘insecure’ about their parenting, she agreed, adding: ‘(There is) the expectation that maybe they should know already. ‘Whereas some of the more disadvantaged families probably have different challenges.’ Parents Nikolene and Nicolai Gudomlund told Kate about a programme that they had enrolled on after becoming ‘completely panicked’ by their son, now four, not making eye contact when he was a few months old. Kate replied: ‘There is so much joy and happiness associated with having a newborn baby but actually people don’t necessarily talk about the worry or the anxiety that comes with having a newborn, and particularly if you are noticing things with your own child that you feel you are worried about, and things.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Prince William tells children ‘you are the future’ while planting trees in UAE