Sir Elton John has spoken out in solidarity with Ukraine following Russia’s invasion. The music icon, 74, said he is ‘heartbroken’ over the ‘nightmare’ Ukrainian people are living through. He shared an image of their blue and yellow flag on his official Instagram page, showing his support for those affected by the attacks. The Your Song singer began: ‘For over 20 years, the Elton John AIDS Foundation has supported some of the most vulnerable people in Ukraine with access to HIV services and care, as part of our commitment to communities across Eastern Europe and Central Asia.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Sir Elton’s charity was established in 1992 and supports HIV prevention, education programs and support services for those living with HIV. He continued: ‘We are heartbroken and appalled to see this conflict unfold and our hearts are with the people of Ukraine who do not deserve to live through this nightmare. ‘During these devastating times, we stand for an end to the violence and suffering in Ukraine so that life-saving services and humanitarian aid can reach those desperately in need.’ The musician’s husband, David Furnish, shared the same image and caption on his own Instagram page. The couple met in 1993 and now share sons Zachary, 11, and Elijah, nine. They are amongst the many stars to speak out about the crisis, with the likes of Angelina Jolie, plus the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge showing their support for Ukraine. Prince William and Kate Middleton said they ‘stand with Ukraine’ in its ‘brave fight for the future’ as they posted a picture of their meeting with Ukraine’s leader in October 2020. Earlier this week, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle put out a statement on their Archewell charity website, condemning the ‘breach of international and humanitarian law.’ Attacks on the country were launched on Thursday by Russian President Vladimir Putin. UN officials said more than 120,000 Ukrainians have left the country for Poland, Moldova and other neighbouring nations. The UN estimates that up to four million could flee if the war escalates. Putin has refused to withdraw troops despite being hit with a barrage of economic sanctions. Protests have taken place all over the world as people call for the President to end the war, including within Russia. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Saturday Night Live viewers moved to tears over tribute to Ukraine amid Russia strikes: ‘So beautifully haunting’ MORE : Dancing With The Stars’ Maksim Chmerkovskiy shares videos from bomb shelter in Kyiv amid Russia attacks 