The Swedish Football Association have joined Poland in boycotting a potential World Cup qualification play-off match against Russia next month following the invasion of Ukraine. Poland were due to travel to Moscow on March 24 for their play-off semi-final, while the winner of that contest would then host either Sweden or the Czech Republic a few days later. But the three teams who were facing the possibility of playing in Moscow all wrote to FIFA in a joint letter asking for the match to be moved to a neutral venue, though received no response. On Saturday morning, Poland took matters into their own hands and said they would not play against Russia irrespective of the where the match took place. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The Polish FA also called on Sweden and Czech Republic to follow suit, and the former – after consulting their players – have now joined the boycott. Swedish FA chairman Karl-Erik Nilsson said on Saturday afternoon: ‘The illegal and deeply unjust invasion of Ukraine currently makes all football exchanges with Russia impossible. ‘We therefore urge FIFA to decide that the playoff matches in March in which Russia participates will be cancelled. But regardless of what FIFA chooses to do, we will not play against Russia in March.’ Nilsson added: ‘We have a hard time believing that FIFA will not follow our call. Russia cannot join in as long as this madness continues.’ Earlier in the day, Cezary Kulesza, the head of the Polish FA, tweeted: ‘No more words, time to act! ‘Due to the escalation of the aggression of the Russian Federation towards Ukraine, the Polish national team does not intend to play the play-off match against Russia. ‘This is the only right decision. We are in talks with the federations of Sweden and the Czech Republic to bring forward a common position to FIFA.’ Poland’s players also shared a joint message on social media which read: ‘We, the players of the Polish national team, together with the Polish FA, decided that as a result of Russia’s aggression against Ukraine, we do not intend to play in the play-off match against Russia. ‘It is not an easy decision, but there are more important things in life than football. Our thoughts are with the Ukrainian nation and our friend from the national team, Tomasz Kedziora, who is still in Kyiv with his family.’ FIFA have yet to provide feedback to the three clubs following their letter, with the governing body’s president Gianni Infantino saying on Thursday: ‘We continue to monitor the situation. We will update on the World Cup qualifiers soon. We can take decisions immediately as soon as it’s needed.’ MORE : Wojciech Szczesny makes passionate plea to FIFA after Poland boycott Russia match MORE : ‘No more words!’ – Poland football team refuse to play World Cup qualifier against Russia For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 