Whether it’s the accumulation of small annoyances – such as one person not pulling their weight with childcare or housework – or gigantic elephants in the room, like infidelity, resentment can seep into even the healthiest relationships. Resentment is a complex emotion that usually stems from the feeling that you’ve been treated unfairly in one way or another. It results in a deep sense of disappointment, anger, disgust, fear and sadness – and those feelings only grow when issues are left unresolved, or worse, repeated. ‘Resentment can lead to the deterioration of a relationship itself, and also your mental health – and that of your partner,’ says James Thomas, a sex and relationship expert at Condoms.uk. ‘It can cause partners to stop communicating, or it can cause constant arguments and conflict. ‘Resentment has the capability to end even the most established relationships in short order. ‘It’s an incredibly negative emotion that most people simply cannot look beyond in their day to day lives, until the sources of those feelings are addressed.’ As time goes on, resentment can build up to the point it feels impossible to ever overcome it. But, the truth is, you can let go of built-up resentment in long-term relationships – as long as you’re willing to work at it. ‘Sometimes the smallest things cause resentment to build up and linger – for example not pulling your weight with chores,’ says Thomas. ‘The thing is, as unhappy as the resentment makes you and your partner, when you really row things back and look at the root cause, helping a little more around the house really isn’t a big thing. ‘And by helping a little more (if it’s reasonable for you to do so), then that resentment can be put aside and overcome. ‘But before you can be happy, you have to be open and honest with your partner: you have to lay out your issues, then find practical ways to overcome them, without squabbling or bickering that will only lead to even more resentment.’ Be open and honest The first and most important step is to start an open and honest dialogue with your partner about where your resentment is coming from. As Thomas says, ‘If you can’t discuss the root cause of your resentment then your partner will never understand or know what they need to do in order to fix things. ‘The following four steps are useless without this crucial foundation. ‘If you can’t speak openly and honestly with your partner but want to remain in the relationship, enlisting the help of a relationship therapist might be something to consider.’ Be as understanding as possible If you’re on the other side of the resentment, it’s vital that you don’t get angry or defensive when your partner tells you how they’re feeling, as this will only lead to further resentment. ‘Take time to understand your partner’s issues and concerns that are leading to resentment, no matter how petty or small you think they are,’ says Thomas. ‘If you don’t take time to listen and understand what’s upsetting them, you can never put things right.’ Agree a way forward Now that you’ve discussed the root causes and taken time to understand each other’s sides, it’s time to put your teamwork hats on. Whether it’s therapy or more conscious communication going forward, there needs to be a plan in place for how you’re going to work through the resentment. ‘Sometimes, it’ll be very obvious what needs to be done in order to relieve resentment and to get your lives back on an even keel,’ says Thomas. ‘Other times it can be less obvious, and you must work with your partner to agree on a sensible route forward.’ Get more help If your resentment stems from something like household chores, childcare issues or even money problems, there are ways you can fix things that don’t necessarily mean changing too much – especially if you’re extremely busy and it’s genuinely not practical for you to start mucking in. ‘It’s time to start thinking creatively about how you can ease the burden on your partner to help relieve the resentment and ensure you live happier, more harmonious lives,’ says Thomas. ‘In the case of household chores, enlisting the services of a weekly cleaner or laundry company can be a huge help, if that’s something you can afford.’ Know when to call it quits The last step isn’t the most optimistic of steps – and it doesn’t apply to everyone – but, for some couples, it might be the right one. ‘Sometimes a relationship is so fractured and broken due to resentment that’s lingered for so long, it’s beyond repair,’ says Thomas. ‘If this is you, then you and your partner need to be brave and you need to agree to move forward separately for everyone’s own good.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I took my boyfriend back after he cheated – infidelity doesn’t always mean the end of a relationship MORE : This simple, therapist-approved communication technique will help you stay connected to your partner MORE : Whether single or loved up, dating shows can teach us all a lesson in love