Every single Russian person currently in the UK should be expelled from the country, a Tory MP believes. Sir Roger Gale claims all visas should be revoked to send ‘a very harsh message through the Russian people’ directly to Vladimir Putin. When questioned on his proposed policy, he admitted there are ‘good and honest and decent Russians’ in the country – but insisted it was the only way to make the Kremlin leader ‘feel the heat’. His remarks have been named as ‘nasty’ and ‘utterly idiotic’ on social media, with people calling on him to retract them. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It comes as thousands of Russian people are arrested while protesting the Ukraine war on the streets of cities including Moscow and St Petersburg. Boris Johnson told Russians ‘I do not believe this war is in your name’ amid reports of Kremlin troops surrendering as they ‘didn’t know they’d been sent to kill’. The Office for National Statistics estimated that 73,000 people born in Russia were resident in the UK in 2020, although this is likely to have increased. Speaking to TalkRadio, Sir Roger said: ‘The prime minister said last week that we shouldn’t visit the sins of parents upon their children. ‘Well I’m sorry, my view is we should send a very clear message and rescind all visas for Russian citizens currently in the United Kingdom and send everyone home.’ The politician acknowledged there would be ‘some collateral damage because there are good and honest and decent Russians across here that are working in all sorts of spheres’. The MP for North Thanet noted he had a constituent ‘who’s working in IT here and I have no reason to suppose he is anything other than reputable’. But he continued: ‘We can’t pick and choose because what we’ve got to do, I’m afraid, is send a very harsh message through the Russian people to Putin. ‘The only way this message is going to get through is when – and it may seem facile to say we’re not going to play football there and we’re not going to take part in the Eurovision song contest – but for the ordinary Russian these things do actually matter.’ Claiming his policy would punish rich Russian oligarchs, he said: ‘I’m prepared to think this through more than perhaps I’ve done already – but it is absolutely the case, for example, we’ve got hundreds of Russian young people in private education the UK. ‘Their education is being paid for by money stolen from the Russian people by oligarchs. ‘They should go. It’s harsh but they should go. Until the oligarchs start to scream, Putin is not going to feel the heat.’ It comes as seven people die in hospital after 44 were wounded in fighting in Ukraine’s second-largest city of Kharkiv. A schoolgirl who was shot to death by Russian saboteurs alongside her parents has been pictured. Some 500,000 people have fled Ukraine to neighbouring countries – with as many as seven million expected to be displaced. Putin ordered Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert yesterday in response to sanctions and so-called ‘aggressive statements’ by Nato countries. But the move has been labelled as a ‘distraction’ by the UK defence secretary. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.