‘What’s that got to do with the price of fish?’ is an old saying that seems just as relevant today as ever before. That’s because the cost of the traditional fish and chip supper is on the verge of averaging £10 per head for the first time. Chippy owners have said they are facing higher costs – cod alone has gone up by 75% since October, haddock by 81% and cooking oil are more expensive, and even mushy peas have more than doubled in price. On top of that, there will be a return to 20% VAT from April. The National Federation of Fish Friers says the current price is between £6.50 and £9 but warns that won’t last for long. Andrew Crook, president of the federation and owner of Skipper’s in Euxton, Lancashire, currently charges £7.50, but doubts that will last for much longer. He warned there was a major threat to the industry. He said: ‘It could soon be over £10 and others are likely to do the same. Risking costs are really putting us under pressure and will push some out of business.’ Meanwhile, David Miller, a chippy owner from Haxby, North Yorkshire, said fish and chips had been underpriced for a long time and they have to act fast to cope with a ‘tsunami’ of incoming costs. For some, the prospect of paying so much for one of the UK’s staple meals is already a reality. Let’s not forget the shock of Les Jones who said he needed therapy after paying £54 for fish and chips while on a trip to London. Meanwhile, it is not a great day for drinkers either with predictions that a pint could cost an average of £10.50 in London by 2030. Similarly, the cost of producing beer is going up and inflation is rising. Roberto Rivero, Market Analyst at Admirals said: ‘Soaring energy prices, labour shortages and the rising cost of raw materials are pushing up input costs for businesses, which, in turn, is putting upward pressure on prices. ‘Rising inflation should only be transitory until the economy is used to living with Covid-19. However, things are likely to get worse before getting better. If inflation continues to rise at a faster rate than wages, then the price of a pint would be the least of our concerns. ‘The hospitality sector would likely suffer as people began to prioritise spending on essential items and, although many of us may think that a pint of beer on a Friday night is essential, things like food and household goods will take priority.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.