Two feline mothers-to-be were discovered beside some bins at a block of flats in Wembley, north west London – both about the give birth. It was a few days before Christmas, and it was freezing cold, so thankfully the two heavily pregnant cats were rescued by a resident and given a warm home to have their babies. The two cats – Romana and Florentine – ended up giving birth within hours of each other. On Christmas Eve 2021, Florentine gave birth to three kittens, and Romana followed suit on Christmas day with another four. The woman, who had took them in described her Christmas as the ‘strangest’ she had ever had. The good Samaritan then called Mayhew, an animal welfare charity in Kensal Green, and an animal welfare officer went over and collected all nine cats. All the cats and kittens needed names quickly, so it was decided they would be given pizza names. The babies were christened  Oregano, Meatball, Pepperoni, Calzone, Napoletana, Pineapple, and Margarita. However, The pizza mums found being in the cattery very stressful, and became very defensive of their young brood. Mayhew’s cat welfare coordinator soon realised they would be better off with one of the charity’s foster carers, and so they called Nicola from North Kensington, who has been a foster carer with Mayhew since August of last year. Nicola, says; ‘I was a little nervous about taking so many cats in one go… the most I’ve ever taken is five. I was a little concerned about their behaviour at the cattery and how they would be with me. ‘Also, I wondered if they had any health issues but I need not have worried, all were very hardy and robust. Any concerns I had about taking them in just melted away as soon as they arrived.’ Within an hour of being at Nicola’s home, Florentine and Romana came out of hiding and quickly became comfortable. ‘The kittens were immediately full of curiosity and exploring everything and everywhere,’ she says. ‘The cats have been here for six weeks now. Their play den is in my kitchen and they have so many toys, courtesy of some very kind people on Freecycle. Their favourite, without doubt, is the water fountain, they sit there and are mesmerised by it.’ Nicola says she loves seeing Romana and Florentine interact to take care of their kids. ‘Seeing the two mums work together is an absolute joy, they co-parent and are just so close – they even sleep together,’ she says. ‘In fact, after they have put the kittens to bed at night, they both come out and watch TV with me. ‘The support that I get from Mayhew is amazing. Obviously, some days looking after nine cats, as well as working, can be a little tiring! But the staff at the charity are always on the end of the phone if ever I need some help.’ Nicola says she will be very sad to see them go as they have brought her so much joy. ‘My wish now is for each of them to find loving and forever homes so they can bring joy to others,’ she adds. Animal welfare officer at Mayhew, Georgina Costi, says: ‘We think that the mothers are, in fact mother and daughter, as there’s such closeness between them. ‘Because of this close bond, they co-nurse together beautifully. Both are young adults and in great health and their kittens are developing really well. The love, time and attention that Nicola has given to each cat will make affectionate and wonderful pets. ‘The family will be available for rehoming at the beginning of March. If you’re interested in offering them a forever home, please keep an eye on our website and apply online when you see them listed. You can also sign up to cat alerts at our website too.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Adorable disabled duckling is carried everywhere in a papoose and watches TV from her wheelchair MORE : Chunky rescue cat weighing 30lbs seeks loving new owner to help him slim down MORE : ‘I had no choice but to resign’: Women share the difficulties of going through menopause at work