In his much-awaited remarks on Russia’s invasion and war on Ukraine, US President Joe Biden announced new sanctions and called the attack part of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s bigger ambitions to ‘reestablish the former Soviet Union’. Biden addressed the nation and world from the White House on Thursday afternoon, about 15 hours after Putin launched missiles at Ukraine and Russian forces attacked the sovereign country from the north, east and south. ‘Putin is the aggressor,’ Biden said. ‘Putin chose this war and now he and his country will bear the consequences.’ Biden insisted that he did not underestimate Putin and warned that the Russian president has had his sights set beyond Ukraine. ‘He has much larger ambitions than Ukraine. He wants to, in fact, reestablish the former Soviet Union. That’s what this is about,’ Biden said. ‘And I think that his ambitions are completely contrary to the place where the rest of the world has arrived.’ Biden announced sanctions on four more major Russian banks in addition to the ‘first tranche’ of sanctions that included two Russian financial institutions. The new sanctions include VTB, Russia’s second-largest bank. ‘That means every asset they have in America will be frozen,’ Biden said. The names of more Russian elites will be added to the list of those already hit with sanctions on Tuesday, Biden said. Biden remained steadfast that sanctions will bore down on the Russia after its assault on Ukraine. ‘It will weaken his country. He’ll have to make a very, very difficult choice of whether to continue to move toward being a second-rate power or, in fact, respond,’ Biden said. ‘If we don’t move against him now with these significant sanctions, he will be emboldened.’ US troops will not be fighting an offensive war with Russia, Biden reaffirmed. ‘Our forces are not, and will not be, engaged in the conflict with Russia in Ukraine,’ he said. ‘Our forces are not going to Europe to fight in Ukraine, but to defend our Nato allies and reassure those allies in the east.’ But Biden vowed to protect every inch of Nato territory. ‘Make no mistake – freedom will prevail,’ Biden said. Reporters pressed Biden on what he will do if sanctions do not deter Putin from further invading and waging war in Ukraine, asking if he would take other measures. Biden said ‘no one expected the sanctions to prevent’ Putin from launching the attack. He also defended the sanctions, saying they will show to have a strong impact on Russia overtime. ‘This will take time and we have to show resolve so he knows what’s coming,’ Biden said of Putin. ‘He’s going to test the resolve of the West, if we’re going to stay together, and we will.’ Biden spoke more than 12 hours after Putin declared war on Ukraine and began a full-scale invasion of the sovereign country. The US president was criticized for a slow response and not delivering remarks on camera as the attack on the sovereign nation began. On Wednesday night, Biden’s public actions were limited to issuing a statement condemning Russia. ‘The prayers of the entire world are with the people of Ukraine tonight as they suffer an unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military forces,’ Biden stated at the time. ‘I will be monitoring the situation from the White House this evening and will continue to get regular updates from my national security team.’ Putin declared war around 5am local time on Thursday, sending his troops and shooting missiles at several cities and towns in eastern Ukraine as well as the capital, Kyiv. As of late afternoon Thursday in Washington, DC, 57 people had been killed and 169 wounded in the first day of Russia’s invasion, according to Ukraine’s Health Minister Viktor Lyashko. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page