Simon Cowell has paid tribute to Jane ‘Nightbirde’ Marczewski after the America’s Got Talent star died on Sunday. It was revealed that the talented musician, who took part on season 16 of the talent show, died following a battle with cancer, at the age of 31. Taking to Twitter, the head judge – who pressed his coveted golden buzzer at the end of her audition – offered his condolences to the late star. ‘Heart breaking news to hear about @_nightbirde, she was an extraordinary person, so brave, so talented,’ the 62-year-old tweeted. ‘She made a huge impact on AGT and the world. Her determination to fight this terrible illness was remarkable. ‘Rest in peace, Jane. I am sending my love to her family. Simon.’ TMZ broke the news of Nighbirde’s death on Monday, with a source explaining that she was receiving treatment for cancer, which had spread to her lungs, spine and liver. Simon’s AGT co-star Howie Mandel led tributes, and penned: ‘@_nightbirde was such a bright inspirational light in all our lives. We must continue to live and learn from her words and lyrics. ‘As much as I feel horribly about her passing I feel lucky to to have met, heard and known her.’ ‘We are saddened to learn about @_nightbirde’s Passing,’ AGT host Terry Crews shared on Instagram. ‘Our Condolences goes to her Closest Family & Friends in such of This difficult time. We Love you, Nightbirde.’ As Sofia Vergara added: ‘Rest in power @_nightbirde. We lost a shining star today. ‘You were a true inspiration to all. Sending so much love to Nightbirde’s family and friends. She was something special.’ Nightbirde made headlines with her stunning audition last year, performing an original song titled It’s Okay, about her cancer battle. Simon hit the golden buzzer after her mesmerising performance, and the track quickly climbed the iTunes charts soon after. ‘Last time I checked, I had some cancer in my lungs, spine and my liver,’ she told the panel at the time. ‘It’s important that everyone knows I’m so much more than the bad things that happened to me. ‘I have a 2% chance of survival but 2% is not 0% – 2% is something and I wish people knew how amazing it is.’ Nightbirde was later forced to drop out from the series as her health took a turn for the worse, and she left the spotlight to concentrate on her health. Last November, she made rare appearance on CNN to offer an update on how she was doing. ‘It’s a lot to process the highest highs and the lowest lows of my life all happening at the same time,’ she told host Chris Cuomo. ‘And all of this playing out in front of millions of people is really – it’s a lot to carry. ‘But it’s also such an honour because the whole world is carrying their own weight, and we get to learn how to do this together.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Is Going to Hurt: Who is Adam Kay and is he still a doctor? MORE : Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown is all grown up as she glams up for 18th birthday night out 