A heavily pregnant woman will give birth behind bars after she was jailed for plundering nearly £300,000 from her employer’s accounts to ‘make herself feel better’. Maisie Passey, 27, fleeced Auctus Management Group over a three-year period while working as a payroll co-ordinator. She switched the bank details of other employees with her own and submitted faked timesheets to make a total of 501 fraudulent payments to herself totalling £290,000. Passey, of Sutton Coldfield, Birmingham, who is eight months pregnant, pleaded guilty to fraud by abuse of position at the city’s crown court. Her barrister Benjamin Williams pleaded with Judge Avik Mukherjee to show ‘mercy’ on the mum-to-be by either suspending any prison term or deferring it until after she had her baby. But the judge imposed a 30-month sentence – too high to be suspended – and ordered it must be served immediately. ‘You used that money, not your money, to fund your home including the buying of furniture, you socialised with this money, treated yourself, bought drink and drugs,’ he told her. ‘I have come to the conclusion I can’t justifiably impost a non-custodial sentence in this case.’ Passey mouthed the word ‘sorry’ to friends and family sitting in the public gallery, some of whom burst into tears when her fate was revealed. The court heard Auctus Management Group delivers a range of infrastructure services including providing workers to the railway and construction sectors. Outlining the method behind Passey’s scam, prosecutor Andrew Davidson said: ‘She was effectively using her position to change bank details of employees to her own, then fabricate and submit time sheets for those employees to cause wages to be paid into her account.’ It unravelled last September when a finance manager noticed employees’ bank details had been entered incorrectly, prompting an investigation which eventually led to Passey. Mr Davidson said: ‘In her police interview she admitted her guilt. ‘When asked why she committed it, she said it started when she was in a bad relationship. It wasn’t abusive, but it was a bad one. ‘She became pregnant and had a termination during that period. She began to spend the money on drugs and as a means to make herself feel better. ‘She got into debt with her bank for around £15,000 and also a private loan for £50,000. ‘She was unable to pay the amount and continued to need money for the lifestyle and drugs she had turned to.’ In mitigation, Mr Williams told the court Passey ‘was shocked to be told how much she had taken in total’, adding that friends and family had since helped her pay £30,000 back. He said she had expressed the ‘sincere depths of her remorse’ in a letter and had already accessed support to tackle her addiction to drink and drugs. The barrister told the court Passey is due to give birth on March 21 but would likely be induced sooner. He said it was ‘unrealistic’ she would receive the same level of medical care in prison, while there was no guarantee of a place in a mother and baby unit. Proposing a deferred sentence, he added: ‘If she was able to choose, she would rather have her baby whilst at home then leave her baby in the early months of her life to go to prison, than go into prison still pregnant and have her child in that environment and be potentially separated at that stage.’ Sentencing, Judge Mukherjee told Passey: ‘I have no doubt you exploited your position and the fact that the company changed its system and the fact they trusted you. ‘It was planned and relatively sophisticated; you altered bank records and time sheets and covered your deception with false documents. ‘It was fairly creative and highly deceptive, successful, and easy for you physically to do. ‘Once you had enforced the plan and then realised you had not been discovered, no one would think you were capable of any such deceit. This was undoubtedly a gross breach of trust.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.