The Voice is said to have ditched its live episodes, with the upcoming series all pre-recorded. The singing competition is set to return to ITV in the coming months but host Emma Willis and coaches will.i.am, Sir Tom Jones, Olly Murs and Anne-Marie have already filmed every stage of the show, including the final. A source said: ‘Everything has been filmed. It was all done by mid-February.’ The surprise move will have saved producers a lot of money, because live TV is often expensive. The insider added to the Daily Star Sunday newspaper: ‘Live shows are very expensive to do. Pre-recording episodes is a much cheaper way of making TV. ‘Lots of big shows are all pre-recorded in full – The Masked Singer, Starstruck, Bake Off and Drag Race are some of them. ‘The days of super-expensive X Factor-style live shows every weekend throughout the autumn are long gone.’ The decision to pre-record all episodes also means any Covid restrictions that are brought in won’t derail the broadcast schedule for the show. However, there are concerns that the result may leak online, even though measures were taken to keep numbers limited when it came to announcing the winner during filming. An ITV source said: ‘It’s a big worry that the result will be leaked on social media. If that happens it will cause a major headache. ‘A lot of viewers won’t bother to tune in if they know who wins.’ Last year, Anne-Marie mentored Craig Eddie to victory and he previously praised her for giving him good advice. He said: ‘I think I got too fixated on getting through to the next stage and I got to the point where I probably wasn’t enjoying it as much as I could. ‘So she [Anne-Marie] told me to just look around, to take everything in and to enjoy the experience.’ After winning the 10th series, Craig has released a single and teased new music coming soon. Anne-Marie was new to the judging panel on The Voice last year, and she proved a hit with viewers. She’ll return along with her fellow judges for the next run. It’ll be interesting to see whether the non-live format impact viewing figures, as the ITV show has remained a hit on Saturday nights for several years. The competition frequently garners four million viewers at weekends. The Voice UK premiered in 2012, with the likes of Becky Hill going on to achieve major success after competing. When contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment, reps for The Voice UK confirmed it will be ‘back on ITV and ITV Hub later this year.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mark Wright ‘banned’ from ITV after ‘quitting reality show The Games by text’ MORE : Ant and Dec pause Saturday Night Takeaway to send ‘thoughts and prayers’ to Ukraine during Russian invasion 