Forget energy bills, train fares and chocolate biscuits – the cost of living crisis has finally hit the most sacred deal of all: the Tesco meal deal. From next week, lovers of the humble Tesco meal deal will have to fork out an extra 50p for the sandwich, snack and drink combo. It’s a bitter pill to swallow, considering Tesco’s meal deal offerings are not just the best around, but also the cheapest. Now, the UK’s favourite meal deal will join competitors Co Op and Sainsbury’s at £3.50 a pop. Granted, it’s a sad day for Brits everywhere – but it’s not all bad news. Meal deals will continue to cost the original price of £3 for anyone with a Tesco Clubcard. If you’re a major meal deal lover, we’d suggest signing up before the site crashes. Not only will Clubcard holders get meal deals at their original, literally too good to be true price, they’ll also be able to get some points while they’re at it. Tesco chief customer officer Alessandra Bellini said: ‘Adding our ever-popular lunchtime meal deal to Clubcard Prices is the latest way we’re rewarding our 20 million Clubcard members with exclusive deals on thousands of products. ‘Clubcard Prices have already given millions of customers the power to lower the cost of their weekly shop – and all while earning points for money off their shopping or rewards like family days out at Alton Towers or a Disney+ subscription.’ Despite the silver lining, though, people are far from happy. One Twitter user called the move a ‘violation’ while another asked why they don’t rename it as, simply, ‘the tesco meal’. ‘No bloody deal about it’ they wrote. Others see the decision as a reflection of the way the world is heading with one Twitter user describing the decision as a ‘travesty’. Will this make thousands of us sign up to get a Tesco Clubcard? Or will it be the final nudge we need to start making our own sandwiches? Only time will tell. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to deal with an ex who won’t leave you alone MORE : Figuring out your ‘money story’ can make a load of difference to your finances – here’s how to work it out MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle