Manchester United have ended their sponsorship deal with Russian airline Aeroflot amid the invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces. The Red Devils have had a partnership with the airline since 2013 and have regularly flown to European matches on the company aircrafts. However, Vladimir Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine has led United to sever their ties with the company. A club spokesperson said: ‘In light of events in Ukraine, we have withdrawn Aeroflot’s sponsorship rights. We share the concerns of our fans around the world and extend our sympathies to those affected.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live United used charter airline Titan Airways for their Champions League last-16 away leg against Atletico Madrid earlier this week. The British Government has banned Aeroflot flights to the UK as part of its package of sanctions following the invasion of Ukraine. Earlier on Thursday, meanwhile, UEFA confirmed Russia would no longer host May’s Champions final with Paris now in line to stage the showpiece match of the European club season. UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin met with French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday to agree the plan to move the final. Although several venues in London – such as Wembley and the Emirates – had been mooted as a potential replacement to host the final, the showpiece game will now take place at the Stade de France in the northern Paris suburb of Saint-Denis. It will be the first time France has hosted the Champions League final since 2006 when Arsenal were beaten by Barcelona. A statement confirmed: ‘The UEFA Executive Committee today held an extraordinary meeting following the grave escalation of the security situation in Europe. ‘The UEFA Executive Committee decided to relocate the final of the 2021/22 UEFA Men’s Champions League from Saint Petersburg to Stade de France in Saint-Denis. The game will be played as initially scheduled on Saturday 28 May at 21:00 CET. ‘UEFA wishes to express its thanks and appreciation to French Republic President Emmanuel Macron for his personal support and commitment to have European club football’s most prestigious game moved to France at a time of unparalleled crisis. ‘Together with the French government, UEFA will fully support multi-stakeholder efforts to ensure the provision of rescue for football players and their families in Ukraine who face dire human suffering, destruction and displacement.’ MORE : Why Manchester United’s confused squad should be more like Anthony Elanga MORE : Chelsea begin talks to sign Ousmane Dembele ahead of Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 