One of three former Minneapolis police officers charged with violating George Floyd’s civil rights spoke through tears on Monday while testifying that he tried to help paramedics after he was unable to locate Floyd’s pulse. Thomas Lane said he thought the 46-year-old Black man was fine while handcuffed, facedown on street with former officer Derek Chauvin’s knee on his neck — until paramedics arrived. He then did chest compressions on Floyd and offered to ride with paramedics to the hospital. ‘Why did you want to go along and help?’ Lane’s attorney, Earl Gray, asked. ‘Just based on how when Mr Floyd turned over, he didn’t look good,’ Lane said, his voice cracking as he choked back tears. ‘I felt with the situation, they might need a hand.’ Lane, 38, was the last of the three former officers to testify in their federal trial in the death of Floyd, a Black man whose police killing in May 2020 sparked worldwide protests against systemic racism and police brutality. Lane, who was a rookie cop on the fourth day of the job, responded to the Cup Foods store on May 25, 2020 with the other officers, after receiving reports that Floyd tried to use a counterfeit $20. His testimony was a far more emotional reaction from his co-defendants, former officers J Alexander Kueng, 28, and Tou Thao, 36. All three men are charged with violating Floyd’s constitutional rights while acting under government authority as Chauvin knelt on Floyd’s neck for ​9 ½ minutes. Kueng and Thao face an additional charge of not intervening to stop Chauvin from using excessive force. Closing arguments began Tuesday are expected to take most of the day. During his testimony, Lane said they requested paramedics after worrying that Floyd was exhibiting signs of ‘excited delirium,’ a syndrome that many medical professionals do not recognize,  but is studied in connection to excessive force in police-involved deaths. Lane told the courtroom that Chauvin had defended putting Floyd on his stomach because he was in an excited and delirious state during the attempted arrest. ‘That’s why we got him on his stomach and that’s why the ambulance is coming,’ Lane said, adding that the nine minute restraint that eventually killed Floyd ‘just seemed reasonable at the time.’ Floyd had stopped resisting after about four minutes on the ground, according to Lane, who recalled asking Chauvin if they should roll Floyd onto his side, to which Chauvin said no. As Lane was holding onto Floyd’s legs, he thought he saw Floyd’s chest rise and fall, he testified, and believed Floyd still had blood pressure based on the appearance of veins in his arm. Attorneys for all three former cops have sought to put distance between them and what happened to Floyd when Chauvin was kneeling on him. If found guilty on the federal charges, Thao, Kueng and Lane could each face up to life in prison. Last year a jury convicted Chauvin on state murder and manslaughter charges and will be in prison for 22 ½-years. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.