Love Is Blind season two has kept us all on the edge of our seats throughout as we battle through the twists and turns of the wild Netflix experiment. Despite all the drama, the pod dates and partner swapping, there is no denying that one particular Netflix love square has been on our minds more than most… Yes, we’re talking about Shaina Hurley accepting Kyle Abrams’ proposal without even meeting him – and then pretty much immediately confessing her love for Shayne Jansen, who was already falling deeply for Natalie Lee. Things then took a turn when Shaina left Mexico and dumped her fiancé, before revealing her feelings for Shayne once again at a beach picnic. However, Chris Coelen – who created our new favorite series – confessed that he wasn’t hugely shocked by the split, and saw it coming. Chatting to Metro.co.uk ahead of the wedding finale, he told us: ‘They got engaged and immediately she wanted to go and talk to Shayne and confess her love for him. So it didn’t really shock me that they split up quickly. ‘For me, it was probably more shocking that she accepted. ‘Look, it’s relatable. Shaina wants somebody to be sure about her, wants somebody to pursue her and let her know, “You’re the one”. Weirdly, I think Shayne also wanted what he described as reassurance. ‘For Shayne, Natalie gave him that and Shaina… I think he was really interested in Shaina but she never – because she saw that Natalie was there, she just never made her move and wasn’t really, really honest with him until after she had accepted Kyle’s engagement.’ ‘She really liked Kyle. She obviously had some questions, but she was really drawn to Kyle,’ he continued. ‘Sometimes you look for that security. So to me, that’s one of the reasons she probably accepted the engagement. ‘No, I don’t think I was hugely surprised that it fell apart as quickly as it did. Only because literally, after accepting the engagement, she goes and confesses her love to somebody else.’ The latest batch of episodes dropped last week, leaving us all on tenterhooks and waiting to find out which couples say ‘I do’ – if any – and who flees from the altar. Ahead of the finale, fans have been going full-detective mode on the Instagram pages of all the contestants in a bid to get some answers for themselves. In fact, some eagle-eyed fans blasted Shaina for leaving a seemingly innocent comment below one of Abhishek ‘Shake’ Chatterjee’s recent Instagram posts with Shayne, accusing her of spoiling the outcome. Thankfully, we don’t have long to wait to get answers – as the wedding episode will be released on Friday. Love Is Blind season two is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : We Are Black and British: Gay rapper Mista Strange ‘not afraid’ to rap about sexuality after coming out MORE : Arnold Schwarzenegger introduces fans to adorable new puppy Schnitzel and we’re obsessed: ‘She is such a sweet little meatball’ 