Daniel Radcliffe, Jack Black and Conan O’Brien have been spotted filming their upcoming Weird Al biopic in Los Angeles. The actors got into character in wigs and garish costumes as they transformed themselves for the movie based on the American comedy musician. Radcliffe was far from incognito as he donned a big curly wig, a Hawaiian print shirt, a moustache and round wire-frame eyeglasses for the title role. O’Brien was seen for the first time as the iconic artist, Andy Warhol, wearing a black turtle neck and white wig. Meanwhile, Black – who also starred in one of the musician’s music videos in the past – appears to be playing legendary American disc jockey Wolf man Jack or possibly radio show host, Dr Demento. An unidentified actor was also seen on set in character as Spanish surrealist Salvador Dali. Another actor was spotted in costume as late drag queen, Divine (real name, Harris Glen Milstead) wearing the red dress made famous in John Water’s Pink Flamingos. The project is titled Weird: The Al Yankovic Story and will follow the life and career of the Grammy winner, who is known for his hits included Eat It (a parody of Michael Jackson’s Beat It) and Amish Paradise (Coolio’s Gangsta’s Paradise). Earlier pictures of the Harry Potter star on set show him looking identical to the music star, with the 62-year-old star joking he has been planning the biopic for a long time. He quipped: ‘When my last movie UHF came out in 1989, I made a solemn vow to my fans that I would release a major motion picture every 33 years, like clockwork. ‘I’m very happy to say we’re on schedule. And I am absolutely thrilled that Daniel Radcliffe will be portraying me in the film. ‘I have no doubt whatsoever that this is the role future generations will remember him for.’ Colin Davis, Roku’s Head of Original Scripted Programming said: ‘There clearly aren’t enough biopic movies about famous musicians and we were excited to shine a light on the incredibly true, unexaggerated story of Weird Al. ‘This is sincerely the ultimate combination of talent, creativity, and friends, coming together to make something genuinely funny and we could not be prouder to call this film a Roku Original.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who could play Tinder Swindler Simon Leviev in movie adaptation of Netflix documentary? Potential contenders from Rami Malek to Zac Efron MORE : Idris Elba announces plans to ‘lean away’ from movies in favour of music: ‘It could be the death of my acting’ 