Michael Jibson is an award-winning actor, director and voiceover artist from Hull, but even by his own admission he was lucky to get on the property ladder at such a young age. Michael, who has appeared in everything from 1917 to Star Wars: The Last Jedi, is currently starring in ITV drama No Return with Sheridan Smith. He talks us through first houses, paying off mortgages, and whether or not he still practises his lines in front of the mirror. I was lucky enough to be able to buy a place back in 2003, before house prices sky-rocketed and we had the economic crash. It was an Edwardian house, so yes it had some original features and a very big garden at the back. I lived in it for 12 years actually and rented rooms out to lodgers a and friends. It was a three-bed semi, with the bathroom still downstairs at the back. I wasn’t in a position to be able to spend lots of money on it and do it up and move rooms around, but I decorated and put a new kitchen in when I moved in. It was in Surrey and it was the house I lived in with friends at first, then my wife, and where I started a family. I bought it when I was 22. The plan was always to live in it and rent rooms out. It was my first big investment. Someone once said to me that buying a house is basically setting up a bank account. I tried to think of it like that from the get-go. It was a big responsibility to buy that young and I’m really glad I did it when I did. Nothing really went wrong. It was fun to do and very, very exciting. I seem to remember it all being very daunting having to sit down with a solicitor and talk to estate agents on a regular basis. Also I remember going back and forth with the price a few times. The house wasn’t in a great state when we got it, so we went in at lower price and got a good price eventually after some negotiations. I only did the place up aesthetically. Decorating it myself and I actually fitted the new kitchen myself with my friend who was a builder. Well, I helped… I remember that I wanted to expose the original flooring, so I took up the old carpets and hired a floor sander, which looked like a big hoover and sanded the downstairs floors myself. I then varnished floors with a dark brown varnish, which made the place look very cool. In terms of decorating the rooms, when I first moved in I lived with lodgers, so even the front room was originally a bedroom, so I let each lodger – they were also friends – decorate their own room. I seem to remember everything stayed pretty neutral colour-wise at first, then years later, when my wife – who was then my girlfriend – moved in, we had the place professionally decorated. There are some successful actors who make far more money than they need and the rest of us sometimes just get by, so it can always be very hard to show a mortgage-lending bank your finances, especially if you’ve had a quiet couple of years or done jobs that simply don’t pay very much. For example, one year, I did a play in the West End, three feature films and two big TV jobs, but actually earned a very small amount that year. Then another year I might get one job that pays much better. It feels like the general public have no concept of how much money actors earn. They just see the glitz and glamour and assume we’re all loaded. I feel very fortunate to own a property. If there’s any way you can do it, do it. Get on that ladder. Bringing my newborn daughter home for the first time. My home and my normal life is 90% of my world. I love my job and I take it very seriously, but it’s not the most important thing in life. I tend to run my lines when I’m walking my dog. I actually go and learn my lines in my car. I tend to drive to a certain spot by a country Park, park up and drill my lines in the peace and quiet of my car. That process really seems to work for me. My house is usually very busy with family life. No Return is available on the ITV Hub. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : People flock back to London sending property searches soaring by 98% MORE : Couple transforms smelly, rat-infested 1930s house into stunning home – adding £310,000 to property value