Gary Lineker held nothing back with his thoughts on the turmoil between Russia and Ukraine, branding those involved with the invasion ‘really f*****g stupid’. Footage emerged overnight of Russian tanks entering Ukraine despite diplomatic efforts to prevent an all-out war, leaving Europe on the brink of a humanitarian disaster. Weighing in on the political crisis, the Match of the Day presenter tweeted on Tuesday: ‘On the brink of war in Europe. Human beings are remarkable creatures. ‘After millions of years of evolvement, we’ve been given just enough intelligence to be really f**king stupid.’ Good Morning Britain host Susanna Reid didn’t directly share her opinion on the situation, but she did retweet a post from Labour MP Chris Bryant, which read: ‘We stand firm with Ukraine. ‘Today’s announcement of sanctions on five Russian banks and three individuals is far too feeble. The three have been on other lists for 4 years already. Why on earth are we dragging our feet?’ Over in the US, Cardi B didn’t hesitate to share her thoughts and responded to a fan who asked how she felt about the political crisis: ‘Wish these world leaders stop tripping about power and really think about whose really getting affected (citizens) besides the whole world is in a crisis (sic). ‘War, sanctions, invasions should be the last thing these leaders should worry about.’ The WAP rapper later insisted she hadn’t been hacked but feels pressure to speak out on certain topics. ‘I actually wanna say a lot of things but I’m just gonna mind my business because sometimes I feel like I have such a big platform that if I don’t say the right things, I might get killed,’ she explained. ‘But I’m really not on Nato’s side, I’m really not on Russia’s side, I’m actually on the citizens side because at the end of the day the world is having a crisis right now. ‘There’s inflation, not only in America but everywhere in the world. It’s really hard to get the economy back up. There is so much shipments and embarkments backed up.’ The rapper added: ‘China’s not really messing with us so a lot of things are behind, a lot of goods are behind and this s**t just made it way more complicated. ‘So I’m just really annoyed by this and I really wish that all world leaders right now just really come with a logical conclusion but…. Whatever… Hmmm.’ There had been heavy fighting overnight around Luhansk and Donetsk, two areas that have been held by pro-Russian separatists since 2014. Until yesterday, when Vladimir Putin formally recognised them after a rambling address to the nation, their status and future had been a grey area, and the conflict around them effectively frozen. However, it appears they are on the verge of being fully annexed after the Russian president signed an order for ‘peacekeeping’ forces to be sent in. Prime Minister Boris Johnson expected to give a statement to parliament on the UK’s next steps later today. Earlier on Tuesday, he warned that Putin is bent on ‘full-scale invasion of Ukraine’ and announced the ‘first barrage of UK economic sanctions against Russia’. He told MPs in the House of Commons this afternoon: ‘If the worst happens then a European nation of 44 million men, women and children would become the target of a full-scale war of aggression waged without a shred of justification.’ Mr Johnson confirmed the UK will sanction five Russian banks, including the General Bank and the Black Sea bank. He also said three ‘very high net worth’ Russian individuals will be sanctioned and their assets in the UK will be frozen. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : SAS Australia’s Ant Middleton douses celebrities in petrol, sets them on fire and forces them to strip naked MORE : Geordie Shore’s Vicky Pattison engaged to boyfriend Ercan Ramadan: ‘I’ll choose you over and over’ 