This Morning made a show of ‘solidarity’ by flying Ukrainian flags on Monday morning amid the Russian invasion. The ITV programme has added the blue and yellow colours of Ukraine to its background river view, and Phillip Schofield shared a poignant tribute to viewers who might be struggling during the ongoing conflict. Sitting alongside co-host Holly Willoughby, he said: ‘You might have noticed that we’ve added some Ukrainian flags to our river view this morning to show our solidarity with the people of Ukraine. ‘If you are watching, you have friends or family there at the moment, we’re just sending lots of love and our support.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog: Russia-Ukraine live Phil’s words of support come after This Morning star Josie Gibson pleaded with her social media followers for help as her friend is stranded in Ukraine during the war. She explained her friend travelled to mainland Europe before Vladimir Putin sent his military into Ukraine last Thursday, and she is now stuck there with children, but without transport. Josie tweeted: ‘Please RT: this is the most important tweet I’ve ever written and it’s a long shot. ‘We have friends a woman and her two British children stuck by Kharkiv does anyone know of any charities or people on the ground with fuel who can drive them to the train station or border?’ She added: ‘They only went to care for a sick grandmother and got stuck. Any help would be greatly appreciated.’ Among other celebrities who have been affected by the events, include Dancing With the Stars pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy, who has been forced to seek refuge in a bomb shelter in Kyiv. Airfields and gas pipelines appear to have been hit over the weekend, and the State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate of Ukraine confirmed that missiles also hit a radioactive waste disposal site near Kyiv. Maksim has now posted clips on his Instagram story from the capital city, insisting that he was staying safe. ‘Hey everybody, I’m in the bomb shelter, aka a parking lot,’ the 42-year-old began, panning the camera to show cars lined up behind him. ‘A lot of people here that I don’t want to show. I have no idea what I’m doing and I just don’t want to do something that I shouldn’t. ‘I’m safe, I’m in a bomb shelter but Kyiv is under a serious attack from what I understand, from what I heard.  We had a crazy alarm so we all ran downstairs.’ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elon Musk activates Starlink in Ukraine to keep internet turned on MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Shirley Ballas and James Jordan clash over Ukraine tweet: ‘Why post this then?’ 