Kate Garraway’s new documentary on her husband Derek Draper’s illness and recovery has offered a glimpse into the struggles of caring for a loved one. In March 2020, Derek, 54, was placed into a coma after testing positive for Covid-19 in one of the nation’s most severe cases of the virus. After months in hospital, the former political lobbyist has been able to recover at home with Kate, 54, and their two children Darcey and Billy. Almost two years after originally contracting the virus, Derek still has very limited mobility and cannot properly communicate, requiring 24-hour care at home. Documentary Caring For Derek aired this evening on ITV, which gave audiences a glimpse into his recovery and the struggles of being a carer for someone you love. In the documentary, Kate opened up on the ‘loneliness’ that comes with her husband being so ill, admitting it’s the ‘worst part’ for her. ‘In terms of communication he’s gone way back from this time last year,’ a tearful Kate said. ‘He could express fears, worries, all sorts of things this time last year. Whereas now it’s “yes, no, I don’t know”.’ She went on to say that ‘people are very kind and say I’m an inspiration, but I’m really struggling. And it’s important to know that too.’ The presenter became emotional as she admitted one of the ‘worst things’ is the ‘terrible loneliness that you get from having him here and yet not here’. ‘It’s really indescribable. It’s just so hard. ‘I can sort of see him but he’s absent. And you feel very much on your own all the time.’ She admitted: ‘I still hope we’ll have a happy ending but ultimately it just feels unsustainable.’ Caring For Derek is a follow-up to last year’s ITV documentary Finding Derek, which detailed his illness and battle for recovery before he was allowed to come home. The presenter won the authored documentary prize for Finding Derek at last year’s National Television Awards. Caring For Derek is available to watch on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Full timeline of Kate Garraway and Derek Draper’s Covid journey MORE : How long has Kate Garraway been married to Derek Draper and was she married before? 