Russia appears to have begun a new phase of its Ukraine invasion by pummelling airfields, gas pipelines and a radioactive waste site overnight. Troops have also entered the country’s second largest city, Kharkiv, in a major escalation of the conflict. Street fighting is now under way in the city, which is located just 12 miles south of the Russian border. Troops have amassed on the outskirts since the invasion began on Thursday but have until now not tried to enter. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Oleh Sinehubov, head of the Kharkiv regional administration, asked civilians not to leave their homes while Ukrainian forces attempt to repel the first wave of the attack. Earlier President Volodymyr Zelensky’s office said Russian forces had blown up a gas pipeline in Kharkiv as huge explosions were heard overnight. Elsewhere, other key infrastructure sites were also hit in a barrage of attacks. Flames billowed into the sky before dawn from an oil depot near an air base in Vasylkiv, where there has been intense fighting, according to the town’s mayor. There was another explosion at the civilian Zhuliany airport. The State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate of Ukraine has confirmed that missiles hit a radioactive waste disposal site near Kyiv. On Facebook, it said: ‘As of 27 February 2022 at 01:20 Kyiv time, as a result of the mass bombing of Kyiv with all types of anti-aircraft and missile weapons available to the Russian Federation, the missiles hit the radioactive waste disposal site of the Kyiv branch of the State Specialised Enterprise “Radon”. ‘Notification was announced by telephone by radon personnel, who are in the shelter. It added: ‘As a result of the mass shooting, which is still ongoing it is currently not possible to assess the extent of the destruction. ‘The automated radiation monitoring system failed. But the surveillance cameras recorded the falling missiles.’ The inspectorate confirmed it will assess the situation as soon as there is a break in the bombing. It stressed there is no threat of radiation from people outside of the protection zone that surrounds the site. An intelligence update from the UK’s ministry of defence said fighting in Kyiv had been at a lower intensity than the previous evening. It said: ‘After encountering strong resistance in Chernihiv, Russian forces are bypassing the area in order to prioritise the encirclement and isolation of Kyiv. ‘Intensive exchanges of rocket artillery overnight have been followed by heavy fighting between Russian and Ukrainian forces in Kharkiv. ‘Russian forces are continuing to advance into Ukraine from multiple axis but are continuing to be met with stiff resistance from the Ukrainian armed forces.’ MORE : More than 3,000 arrested in Russia as anti-war in Ukraine protests turn violent MORE : Russian banks cut from global finance system in major escalation of sanctions Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.