London Fashion Week has got everyone reaching for their eyeliner. The fashion event has proved that ‘chaotic liner’ is now a thing. Or in other words, heavy (and slightly unhinged) black eyeliner – and the thicker the wing, the better. But now there’s another eyeliner trend that’s got people talking – and it’s the opposite of the popular ‘cat eye flick.’ ‘Puppy eyeliner’ is doing the rounds on TikTok as an alternative makeup option – particularly for those with almond-shaped eyes. As opposed to the classic feline flick, which goes up at the end, ‘puppy’ liner curves down – like a cute little dog tail. This makes it a bottom-heavy look – where the triangle tail sits in your crease and is joined to the bottom lash line. For lots of people with hooded or almond-shaped eyes, cat eye liner can get lost in the folds of the outer creases. However, puppy liner focuses on the outer lower lash line – so this doesn’t happen. In terms of creating the look, TikTok is home to numerous video tutorials offering step-by-step guides – including one by user Kelso. She explains that if you struggle with cat liner, and you have hooded or deep-set eyes, ‘you’re not bad at eyeliner, you’re probably just not doing eyeliner that works for your eye shape.’ Kelso stresses that cat eye liner follows your bottom lash line going up, while puppy dog liner goes from the top downwards. To do this, you then need to make a line that doesn’t go past the crease and join it up with your bottom lash line. Puppy liner can also be emphasised as much as you want – either going bold with a built-out look or keeping it stripped back with less. It’s worth pointing out there are a few variations, too – including the ‘droopy puppy’ which features a longer tail and is sometimes paired with drawn-on lower lashes. There’s also a ‘baby puppy’ liner look — which is a more subtle alternative. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : It’s official: Being a no-neck monster is the coolest trend at London Fashion Week MORE : Why the sunburn ‘W’ blush technique is the makeup trick you need to try MORE : Boots brings back iconic budget beauty line 17