Ex-President Donald Trump slammed his successor Joe Biden and called Russian President Vladimir Putin’s moves ‘genius’ and ‘savvy’, while reports emerged that over 10,000 Russian troops moved into separatist-occupied regions of Ukraine overnight. Speaking on a conservative talk radio show hosted by Buck Sexton and Clay Travis on Tuesday morning, Trump praised Putin, as he did while president repeatedly. ‘I went in yesterday and there was a television screen, and I said, “This is genius.” Putin declares a big portion of the Ukraine – of Ukraine. Putin declares it as independent. Oh, that’s wonderful,’ Trump said. ‘So, Putin is now saying, “It’s independent”, a large section of Ukraine. I said, “How smart is that?” And he’s gonna go in and be a peacekeeper. ‘That’s the strongest peace force I’ve ever seen. There were more army tanks than I’ve ever seen. They’re going to keep peace, all right. No, but think of it. Here’s a guy who’s very savvy.’ Separately, Trump ripped Biden and claimed the Russian invasion would not have happened under his watch. ‘I know Vladimir Putin very well,’ Trump stated on Tuesday. ‘And he would have never done during the Trump Administration what he is doing now, no way!’ Trump’s critiques came after Putin acknowledged the separatist areas of Donetsk and Luhansk as independent regions, including parts still under the Ukrainian government’s control, amplifying fears of further Russian military action. Trump also slammed Biden’s sanctions on Russia, which come as Putin ordered his military forces into Ukraine to secure the two breakaway enclaves. Biden made the announcement of a ‘first tranche’ of new sanctions more directly targeting Russia on Tuesday afternoon, and asked Americans, ‘Who in the Lord’s name does Putin think gives him the right to declare new so-called “countries” on territory that belonged to his neighbors?’ The US will be imposing ‘full blocking’ or two large Russian financial institutions, and will be ready to amp up sanctions if Russia continues to escalate the situation, Biden said. ‘That means we’ve cut off Russia’s government from Western finance,’ Biden said. ‘It can no longer raise money from the West and cannot trade in its new debt on our markets or European markets either.’ In response, Trump called Biden’s sanctions ‘insignificant relative to taking over a country and a massive piece of strategically located land’, according to the Washington Examiner. Trump also claimed that the US will suffer from higher and higher oil prices, and will make Putin richer and richer. Biden acknowledged that the new sanctions could lead to higher gas prices for Americans, but promised he would work to limit the impact. ‘Defending freedom will have costs for us as well and here at home,’ Biden said. ‘We need to be honest about that.’ The White House also recognized Russia’s actions as an invasion on Tuesday, just hours after 10,000 soldiers reportedly entered the separatist-occupied areas overnight, with 6,000 sent to Donetsk, 5,000 to Luhansk and 1,500 to the city of Horlivka, a source with ties to Ukrainian military intelligence told the Daily Mail. ‘It is difficult to believe (Putin) could have moved that quickly – but he had a long time to prepare,’ the source said. US Deputy National Security Adviser Jon Finer first told CNN on Tuesday morning that ‘an invasion is an invasion and that is what is under way’. ‘This is, yes, the beginning of an invasion, Russia’s latest invasion into Ukraine, and you’re already seeing the beginning of our response which we said will be swift and severe,’ Finer said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page