Billie Eilish has revealed her crush on Daniel Craig, gushingly calling him a ‘Dilf’. The 20-year-old singer shared her admiration for the Bond star, 53, on US chat show Late Night with Seth Meyers on Wednesday. While describing how taken she was with the actor’s looks when they first met, Billie who created the Oscar-nominated 007 theme song No Time To Die, said: ‘It’s James Bond. He’s a Dilf. As the audience laughed about her use of the acronym for ‘dad I’d like to f***’, Seth joked: ‘I found when I said it [Dilf], it’s weird. But I want you to know that I’m in full agreement.’ ‘You should be,’ quipped Billie. ‘Those eyes, girl.’ Seth egged on the Daniel lusting by telling Billie she also had ‘beautiful blue eyes’ and he himself had beautiful blue eyes but that ‘we can’t even be in the same room with that man’s eyes.’ ‘You literally would not believe them,’ added the singer. ‘They look crazy. When I met him I was like whoa.’ Seth then continued joking that he thought it would be odd if he asked his wife for his one hall pass to be Daniel Craig, who is married to actress Rachel Weisz. ‘You have a hall pass?’ asked Billie, to which the TV host replied: ‘No!’ Billie also talked through the lengthy process of creating the Bond song and how she had to audition for the opportunity as she wasn’t a clear choice. She explained: ‘We made the song in October of 2019. It’s a long, long time ago. So, 17 when I made it. I’m now 20. Very weird. ‘It was a very long strategic process. It wasn’t like ‘you got the job, here it is.’ We were auditioning pretty much. So it was not like an ego thing… ‘It wasn’t like ”we want you”. ‘We auditioned and kind of just did our best and worked really hard. It was a lot of Barbara [Broccoli, Bond producer] and she kind of gave us the first little bit of the script, just the opening, just so we had a little taste… ‘It was literally what wrote the song.’ The star has been nominated for best original song at the upcoming Oscars for No Time To Die. She competes against the likes of Beyonce, who is in the category for her track, Be Alive, from hit film King Richard. Billie is set to attend the ceremony with her co-writer brother Finneas and rub shoulders with Daniel, who is expected to be in attendance. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Billie Eilish is actually unrecognisable in latex-clad behind-the-scenes selfie MORE : Daniel Craig reveals Queen Elizabeth cracked a joke about him during his last visit after he ‘rolled around on the floor’ with her corgis