Friends star Courteney Cox recently revealed that she didn’t realise how ‘strange’ she began to look from cosmetic injectables until her friends began to talk about her. In a bid to chase youthfulness, Courteney sought out treatments to keep herself fresh-faced. She found it difficult to let go of the woman she looked like while appearing on Friends from 1994 to 2004. Sadly, it’s understandable why she would. In Courteney’s line of work, youth is fetishised and women are seen to have an expiration date. But this obsession with appearing youthful is spreading beyond the world of celebrities. Through social media, marketing, fashion and TV, we are consistently told that ageing is not desirable. And so, more and more women turn to injectables and fillers – and it is their personal choice to do so. They are within their rights. Yet, too much of a good thing can sometimes be bad. Embarking on cosmetic procedures can be addictive and done for the wrong reasons. It’s also easy to go ‘too far’ and end up with regrets. But, as was the case with Courteney’s friends, should you ever comment on another’s appearance and cosmetic choices? Is it ever your place to let someone know that you think they’re making a mistake? Or is it none of your business? Senior therapist Sally Baker says this is a tricky situation to navigate. While your thoughts on a friend’s facial changes may come from a place of concern, it more than likely won’t feel like that for the person on the receiving end of these comments. ‘Going for any type of cosmetic procedure comes from a place of internal dissatisfaction,’ says Sally. ‘It will aggravate those insecurities. They will react badly because no one wants to be seen for their vulnerabilities.’ If you feel the work they are getting done is becoming an issue, Sally notes the individual may well be addicted. In such cases, she says to be aware of signs. ‘It is the same as watching a friend restrict food or binge or do anything like that – it is kept secret,’ she says. ‘You may say to a friend “cool, you’ve had some work done and you look amazing” but they will probably say “no I haven’t.” It’s a conspiracy of silence.’ Life coach Julie Leonard says if you feel you need to address a friend’s injectables use, there is a way to do it without being harsh or condescending. She says it is all about ‘open conversation’. ‘It’s a very personal choice to use injectables or to elect for plastic surgery,’ notes Julie. ‘It may be something you have a difference of opinion on and even if you don’t agree with it, as a friend, it is important to be supportive. ‘There are many reasons why people choose those treatments and opening the door for a conversation about what is happening in your friend’s life is an important part of being a friend. ‘Giving an opening for your friend to share more details will let you test the water and see if they want to talk about it.’ She continues: ‘Again, it is important to be kind and respectful towards your friend, and understanding the motives behind their treatment will help you support them. ‘For many, small cosmetic surgery and fillers can help someone feel more confident and happier in their body. If, as a friend, you feel that they are taking it a bit too far, have a chat in a kind and caring manner and let them know you are concerned. That’s what a good friend will do. ‘Start positively focusing on the great qualities of your friend and telling him/her how much you care about them and value their friendship. Then gently share your concerns. Listen to what they say and actively hear what they tell you. Try not to judge or impose your beliefs on them.’ If a loved one reacts negatively, Julie advises taking a step back. Pushing them will do more harm than good. ‘Acknowledge your friend’s feelings and reassure them that speaking about your concerns comes from a place of love and support,’ she says. ‘You may need to give your friend some space before reaching out again. ‘Or you may have to let it go.’ Sally also agrees and says at that point, it may be time to stay out of your friend’s business. ‘From then on, offer unconditional positive regard,’ she advises. ‘Remember you are a friend, not a therapist. ‘Just love them for who they are.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the top 50 things people hate about being in the office MORE : Half of Black women in senior management have resigned ‘due to racism at work’ MORE : Is getting married multiple times a red flag?