Peta Murgatoyd has asked for prayers for her husband Maksim Chmerkovskiy who is stranded in Ukraine as Russia continue their full-scale invasion on the country. The Dancing With The Stars legend shared a video from Kyiv on Thursday morning where, clearly frightened and emotional, he said ‘no one saw this coming’. Russia launched airstrikes across Ukraine in the early hours of Thursday morning, with President Vladimir Putin warning world leaders that they will ‘face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere. Maksim, 42, is married to fellow Dancing With The Stars professional Peta, and late on Thursday night, as fighting continued across the country, Peta asked for prayers from her followers. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Taking to Instagram, the 35-year-old said: ‘Please pray for my husband Maks. ‘I don’t usually ask these things from my social media network, however today is extremely hard and the next few days will be even harder. ‘My pain is overwhelming and I’m struggling but you sending your positive light and love to him would mean the world to me. Truly, I wish for nothing more.’ Peta went on to say she didn’t have answers to the ‘details’ that many are asking for, but assured fans that Maks is ‘safe right now’. ‘Please pray that he comes home soon,’ Peta went on. ‘Please pray that he has a swift, safe exit.’ She added: ‘Please pray for Ukraine and the innocent civilians who’s lives are being greatly uprooted (sic). ‘I grew to love this country the couple of times I visited and they’re in an unfathomable situation.’ Peta’s message has led to an outpouring of love from across the world, with American sports presenter Erin Andrews, actor Nick Viall, and Selling Sunset star Chrisell Strause among those sending prayer emojis. Fellow Dancing With The Stars professional Keo Motsepe said: ‘Sending you sooooo much love and prayers to u an family (sic)’ while Lindsay Arnold said: ‘Love you so much Pete ❤️ thinking of you all and sending prayers your way’. On Thursday, a devastated Maksim shared videos from Kyiv as he looked out across the capital from a balcony, while sirens could be heard ringing out around him. In one video, Maksim teared up as he panned his camera along the city as sirens rung out incessantly. His voice broke as he continued: ‘Honestly, I’m getting really emotional, it’s been a little difficult. You know me, I stay strong and I don’t show it. ‘But I want to go back home. And I realize that I have the way to. I realize that I have a different passport, and my family is far away. What I’m realising is that my friends, whose kids are here and whose moms and dads are here, they can’t just escape.’ The dad-of-one – who shares son Shai with his co-star – explained that he is ‘about to go into a bomb shelter because s**t is going down,’ and insisted that ‘this is not the way we do things’. Troops from Russia crossed the border into Ukraine on Thursday after President Vladimir Putin gave the order for his invasion to begin. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has unveiled severe sanctions against Russian banks, oligarchs and companies following the invasion. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing With The Stars’ Maksim Chmerkovskiy shares tearful video from Ukraine after Russia invasion: ‘I’m uneasy, I’m very scared’ MORE : Good Morning Britain reporter forced to put on helmet and seek cover live on TV as air raid sirens ring out in Ukraine 