Forget opening a bottle of wine to loosen up of an evening. Why not try the corkscrew sex position instead? The position makes use of a twisting motion to hit all the right spots, and thankfully isn’t too difficult. After all, nothing kills a mood like awkwardly trying to practice contortion. That said, you may want to adapt things to suit your needs, as it does require one person to stand during the cork-popping fun. The corkscrew is designed for a receiving partner with a vagina and a penetrating partner with a penis, although you can use a strap-on or try it for anal sex too. You’ll need a bench, couch, or bed, which the receiving partner sits on the edge of. They then need to turn onto one side, resting on the hip and using their arm for support. From here, the penetrating partner stands and straddles the receiver, entering from behind. One of the main benefits of the corkscrew is the twisted angle. Although it’s somewhat like the spooning or prone bone positions, your perpendicular stance allows for all sorts of new areas to be reached – including the G-spot. You also get the benefits of the aforementioned ‘from-the-back’ positions, like deep penetration and the scope for hard or more gentle thrusting. To boost the experience even further, the receiving partner can keep their legs tightly closed, which gives a firm hold on the other’s penis. You can also incorporate toys, using a vibrator or dildo elsewhere while you corkscrew the night away. Add lube if you need some glide, as well as timing your movements to feel extra synched-up as your bodies push up against each other. Drinking a bottle of wine will likely leave you with a hangover the next day, but the corkscrew can give you bedroom memories to last a lifetime – all without a headache. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman allergic to her own sweat and tears also can’t go out in the rain MORE : My date was a complete disaster even before our trip to A&E