Ukrainian authorities have jumped on unconfirmed reports of an ace pilot dubbed the ‘Ghost of Kyiv’ operating in the skies in a bid to boost morale. Rumours spreading on social media suggest an unnamed pilot has single-handedly shot down several Russian jets. There is even footage that appears to show an MiG-29 jet flying over Ukrainian cities. But it is still not known if the story is true or an urban legend. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The unsubstantiated claims began circulating online as Russia launched its attack on Ukraine earlier this week. According to one widely shared but unverified tweet, the pilot has taken out two Russian SU-35s, one SU-27, one MiG-29, and two SU-25s. It is commonly accepted within modern aviation lore that any pilot who eliminates five or more enemy aircraft can claim to be ‘ace’. The claimed ‘Ghost of Kyiv’ achievements sound like something out of a Hollywood film and have been accompanied by footage allegedly showing the ace pilot in action. However, the footage has been debunked by the internet fact-checking website Snopes, which has said it is ‘not a genuine video of the Ghost of Kyiv’. Snopes found the footage was created ‘with Digital Combat Simulator, a simulation game that was first released in 2008’. The video was originally posted acknowledging it was a simulation and created in ‘homage to the Ghost of Kyiv’ but as the video has been widely shared this disclaimer has been lost. There has not been any official confirmation the ‘Ghost of Kyiv’ actually exists. Ukrainian forces claimed to have shot down five Russian aircraft and a helicopter on Thursday, reports that have not been verified and reputed by the Russian Military. But whether or not the ‘Ghost of Kyiv’ is real, the urban legend has captured Ukrainians’ imaginations and is even being used by officials and former presidents to boost morale. The Ukrainian ministry of defence appears to have used the legend to bolster the image of the country’s airforce, acknowledging the power of the myth in people’s imaginations. In the one tweet praising retired pilots who have returned to the county’s airforce, the Defence Ministry said: ‘Who knows, maybe one of them is the air avenger on the MiG-29, which is so often seen by Kyivites!’ In another, the ministry shared the debunked footage of the apparent dog fight between the ‘ghost’ and a Russian jet over Ukrainian territory. Ukraine’s former president, Petro Poroshenko, has also tweeted about the pilot alongside dozens of Ukrainians, who have taken the rumours to heart. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.