Do you have space in your home and heart for this pair of best pals? Fluffy and Floss are two cats with a ten-year age gap – but despite their difference in age, they’re the best of friends. The duo came into the care of the RSPCA after their owner could no longer care for them, and are now looking for a new home together. Fluffy is a 15-year-old long-haired tortoiseshell and tabby cat (the fluffy one), while Floss is a five-year-old tortoiseshell and white cat (the not-as-fluffy one). They’re both a little shy when it comes to strangers and have thus found cattery life a bit tricky, but have found comfort in each other. Now, the team at RSPCA Canterbury is making an appeal to find the besties their ideal home. RSPCA Canterbury deputy manager, Tara Luxford, said: ‘We know it may be challenging to find a home for this duo with one being a young cat and one being a golden oldie but we couldn’t possibly split them up – they are inseparable! ‘The pair are totally bonded and so we are looking for a really special home to give them both the second chance at happiness they thoroughly deserve. ‘Sadly, they are both struggling with cattery life and are a little wary of interacting with people so we have provided them with lots of hiding spaces to make them feel as comfortable as possible. ‘We are really keen for them to go to a home environment as quickly as possible where they can feel more relaxed and begin to come out of their shell. The best home for the friends will need to have access to outdoor space and no other pets or children. Their owner will need to be patient enough to let the cats relax into their new surroundings, and shouldn’t expect a pair of lap cats. ‘They will need a room of their own to settle into initially so that they can take their time to explore their new property and as they were indoor cats previously, we are quite keen for these two to be given the opportunity to explore outside – although this will need to be done gradually,’ notes Tara. If you think you can offer Fluffy and Floss a loving home, email info@rspca-canterbury.org.uk. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Two cats are co-parenting their seven kittens after giving birth hours apart MORE : Kefir the Maine Coon kitten is so massive people think he’s a dog MORE : Couple who adopted a wild boar as a baby say she sees their Labrador as her mum