Vladmir Putin has told world leaders that they ‘will face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere with his invasion of Ukraine. The Russian President gave a chilling waring to the West after declaring war on his neighbour. In an early morning broadcast he said: ‘To anyone who would consider interfering from the outside – if you do, you will face consequences greater than any you have faced in history.’ The United Nations Security Council had just convened an emergency meeting when Putin took to Russian airwaves to announce the invasion at 5:50am Moscow time. Antonio Guterres, the Secretary General of the UN urged Putin to stop his tanks. ‘If indeed an operation is being prepared, I have only one thing to say from the bottom of my heart,’ said Guterres. ‘President Putin, stop your troops from attacking Ukraine. Give peace a chance. Too many people have already died.’ Putin ignored the plea, going on TV to describe the invasion as a ‘special military occupation’. He said he wants to ‘demilitarize’ and ‘de-Nazify’, not occupy, the country. He told Ukrainian service members to ‘lay down their arms and go home,’ saying Russia could not exist with a ‘constant threat emanating from the territory of Ukraine’ and clashes between Russian and Ukrainian solders was ‘inevitable’. Shortly afterwards, targets across Ukraine were hit by rocket strikes, including in the capital Kyiv. The invasion on Ukraine follows weeks of military build up at the border. Hundreds are feared to have been killed within hours after a comprehensive attack on military targets and critical infrastructure. There has reportedly been heavy bombing in Odessa, the seat of Ukraine’s navy, which is feared to have been crippled already. Troops are flooding into eastern cities like Kharkiv and Mariupol, witnesses have said. Air raid sirens have sounded across the country and communication systems have been hit by cyberattacks. Ukraine’s border guards said it was under attack ‘with the use of artillery, heavy equipment and firearms’ in the regions of Luhansk, Sumy, Kharkiv, Chernihiv and Zhytomyr. Videos posted on social media showed smoke rising above several Ukrainian cities and there are unconfirmed reports Russian paratroopers have moved to take control of Kyiv. Russia’s ministry of defence claimed to have ‘disabled’ Ukraine’s air force and ‘incapacitated’ military infrastructure, according to state media. Ukrainian authorities have confirmed Russian boots are on the ground inside the country after gun battles and air strikes at various points on the border. Speaking from an undisclosed location, the president of Ukraine declared martial law and vowed the army would resist. Ukraine’s defence ministry said it had shot down five Russian planes and a helicopter in its airspace. The Ukrainian Minister of Foreign Affairs, Dmytro Kuleba, said that Russia has launched a ‘full-scale invasion of Ukraine’ and peaceful cities are ‘under attack’. He said: ‘This is a war of aggression. Ukraine will defend itself and will win. ‘The world can and must stop Putin. The time to act is now.’ He called for ‘devastating sanctions’ on Russia as well as financial, humanitarian and military assistance to Ukraine in the form of weapons and equipment provision. Nato allies have previously ruled out a military response to any invasion but have promised to respond with an unprecedented package of sanctions, some of which were rolled out earlier this week after Moscow formally recognised two illegal republics in the Donbas region and sent in troops. Boris Johnson is due to hold an emergency Cobra meeting this morning to discuss the UK’s next steps. The prime minister said the UK ‘would respond decisively’ and accused Putin of choosing ‘a path of bloodshed and destruction’. Foreign Office minister James Cleverly said new sanctions against Russia would be announced ‘in waves’, with further details released later on Thursday. He told BBC Breakfast: ‘This will be the largest and most severe economic sanctions passage Russia has ever seen. The EU will also announce its next steps later today. Ursula von der Leyen, President of the European Commission, gave a glimpse of what was to come in an early morning statement. She said: ‘Later today, we will present a package of massive and targeted sanctions to European leaders for approval. ‘With this package, we will target strategic sectors of the Russian economy by blocking their access to technologies and markets that are key for Russia. ‘We will weaken Russia’s economic base and its capacity to modernise. In addition, we will freeze Russian assets in the European Union and stop the access of Russian banks to European financial markets.’ Speaking in Brussels, she added: ‘Like with the first package of sanctions, we are closely aligned with our partners and allies, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, but also, for example, Japan and Australia. ‘These sanctions are designed to take a heavy toll on the Kremlin’s interests and their abilities.’ President Joe Biden responded on Wednesday night, saying: ‘The prayers of the entire world are with the people of Ukraine tonight as they suffer an unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military forces. ‘President Putin has chosen a premeditated war that will bring a catastrophic loss of life and human suffering. ‘Russia alone is responsible for the death and destruction this attack will bring, and the United States and its Allies and partners will respond in a united and decisive way. The world will hold Russia accountable.’ Biden added that he would be monitoring the situation from the White House the remainder of the night and will be getting regular updates from his security team. On Thursday morning, the president plans to meet with his G7 counterparts and will speak to the American people to announce the ‘further consequences the United States and our Allies and partners will impose on Russia for this needless act of aggression against Ukraine and global peace and security.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.