Manchester City’s players wore T-shirts bearing the message ‘No War’ while Everton’s squad draped Ukraine flags around their shoulders before Saturday evening’s Premier League clash. On Thursday, Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a military invasion of neighbouring Ukraine and the conflict has already reached capital city Kyiv, with at least 198 civilians having died so far. The Premier League has several notable Ukrainians playing in the division, with national team captain and City defender Oleksandr Zinchenko going up against compatriot Vitaly Mykolenko at Goodison Park on Saturday. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live As well as all the players showing solidarity with their teammates – and the people of Ukraine – Everton also ditched their usual pre-match Z-Cars air-raid siren due to the conflict in Ukraine and played The Hollies hit He Ain’t Heavy, He’s My Brother instead. Zinchenko joined a vigil outside Manchester’s Central Library on Thursday in support of his homeland, with the building lit up in the blue and yellow colours of the Ukrainian flag. The 25-year-old has posted a host of messages on social media condemning Putin’s actions and City offered to give him time off, but Zinchenko made himself available for selection. Asked about the defender’s state of mind, Manchester City boss Guardiola said: ‘It’s a worry, what we feel with our country where we were born. Killing innocent people, how would you feel? I guess that’s how he feels. ‘Of course it’s close to him. Of course he has our support. It happened in the country he was born, the country he loves, it’s attacked from outside. He’s tough and knows we are here.’ Mykolenko only moved to Merseyside in January from Dynamo Kyiv and Everton boss Frank Lampard spoke to the 22-year-old several times before deciding whether to select him against City, with the youngster – like Zinchenko – named on the bench. Speaking to Sky Sports shortly before kick-off, Lampard said: ‘It’s important to show our support. I think we have a lot of empathy at the club, it’s a people’s club, I think generally some of the support you’ve seen in the sporting world has been fantastic. ‘And when we have a player, as City do as well, with Vitaly for us, I had numerous conversations with him. The decision was always his to be involved or not, he’s never given the inkling that he doesn’t want to be involved. ‘I think it’s a small release for him at the moment to train with us and feel like he’s part of our family. The onus is on us to support him and help him, but there’s not much help we can give him other than for him to know that we’re there for him. So tough time for him and I’m sure both sets of fans will show big reactions to those players.’ West Ham’s Ukrainian winger Andriy Yarmolenko, meanwhile, will not feature for the Hammers this weekend after being given time off by the club. ‘He’s not in a very good position at the moment – we’ve given him a few days off,’ said West Ham boss David Moyes. ‘I spoke with him yesterday and he was upset, which you can imagine. We just hope his family keep safe.’ Earlier in the day, Manchester United’s players and manager Ralf Rangnick joined together with Watford players to hold up a sign that simply said ‘Peace’ in six different languages, with support for Ukraine displayed across the Premier League and Europe. MORE : Andriy Yarmolenko granted time off from West Ham during war in Ukraine MORE : Wojciech Szczesny makes passionate plea to FIFA after Poland boycott Russia match For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 