The hacker group Anonymous has kept up its cyber attack on Russia following the country’s decision to invade Ukraine. As well as shutting down major state-controlled news companies, Anonymous has also claimed credit for disrupting a gas supply in the country. In a tweet posted early yesterday morning, the group said it had attacked a company called Tvingo Telecom, forcing it to shut down the gas. Tvingo Telecom also operates fibre optic networking and internet clients in Russia. It is owned by Rostelecom, a state-owned Russian telecoms business. In claiming responsbility for the action, Anonymous retweeted a video showing a system administrator trying to restore the malfunctioning gas supply. Commentators explained the cyber attack likely involved gaining access to the company’s profiles and messing with the controls, before deleting the pre-sets so they couldn’t be restored. Safeguards would likely be in place to stop serious issues from developing, but it would cause a huge headache for the company. Some critics pointed out that a move like this could have implications if the hackers interuppted a gas supply for average citizens who rely on it for warmth. ‘This is all well and good if this gas is being used for military or governmental purposes. If this is gas that is heating homes of civilians in the Russian winter, not sure this is it…’ wrote a Twitter user with the handle @Anonymouseye67. Nevertheless, plenty more users were quick to praise Anonymous for taking action to try and disrupt Russian infrastructure as the invasion continues. On Saturday, Anonymous claimed it had breached a Russian military database and published the contents online. Among the information are emails, passwords and telephone numbers. The group tweeted: ‘Hackers all around the world: target Russia in the name of #anonymous let them know we do not forgive, we do not forget. Anonymous owns fascists, always.’ As the name suggests, no one knows exactly who Anonymous are, as the identity of members is kept strictly confidential. Anonymous is an international group of activist hackers (known as ‘hacktivists’) primarily known for its various cyberattacks against several governments, institutions, and big businesses. Although the exact origin is unknown, it is believed to have started in 2003 on the imageboard 4chan, with users of the site coming together after becoming increasingly disgruntled with modern politics. In its early form, the concept of Anonymous was adopted by a decentralised online community aiming coordinated virtual attacks toward various loosely-agreed targets, primarily for the sake of entertainment. The slowly group gained momentum, and in 2008, they launched a series of protests, pranks, and hacks targeting the Church of Scientology – known as Project Chanology. Over time, Anonymous has grown, taking on larger targets such as PayPal, MasterCard, Visa, Sony, as well as government agencies of the United States, Israel, Tunisia, Uganda – and now Russia. MORE : Anonymous takes down Russia’s state run news services in major cyber attack MORE : Anonymous sends blunt message to Vladimir Putin over invasion of Ukraine