Ashton Kutcher has said he ‘stands with’ Ukraine, where his wife Mila Kunis is from, amid the Russian invasion. The star, who has been married to Mila for six years, simply tweeted: ‘I stand with Ukraine.’ Mila, who was born in Chernivtsi, Ukraine, has yet to publicly speak out. The actress’s family left Ukraine when she was seven, moving to Los Angeles with just $250 (£186). For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In 2017, she and Ashton returned for the first time since she moved away. ‘[I went to Ukraine] two months ago, for the first time. […] It was trippy,’ she told Net-a-porter.com. ‘There’s a part of you that wants to feel something towards [the place]. I had nothing. We landed and Ashton was like, “No?” [and I was like], “Yeah, nothing. I got nothing for you, babe.” She added that she visited the home she grew up in – a huge part of the trip – but when she got there the lady who answered the door refused to let her in. She said: ‘We went to our [old] house and I knocked on the door because we really wanted to look inside. And [the owner] was like, “No!” She did not care. I said, “I used to live here when I was little, my parents are here…” She wouldn’t even open the door. The whole experience was very humbling.’ A fierce battle for the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv is underway, with Russia claiming it has cut the city off from its allies. Kyiv’s mayor, former heavyweight boxing world champion Vitali Klitschko, said the city is now ‘entering a phase of defence’. Air raid alarms have also sounded in a number of areas in the city, with citizens told to make their way to nearby shelters as armoured vehicles rolled through the streets. President Zelensky, who plans to remain in Kyiv despite being Putin’s ‘number one target’, repeated his calls for global leaders to toughen their sanctions against the Kremlin and its cronies. Speaking to a video meeting with EU leaders from what appeared to be a bunker, he said: ‘If you don’t help us now, if you fail to offer a powerful assistance to Ukraine, tomorrow the war will knock on your door.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mila Kunis and Demi Moore star together in awkward new advert as they reveal what they ‘have in common’ – and it’s not Ashton Kutcher MORE : Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher share frustration that their kids can’t get Covid vaccine yet 