A charity has warned that most women miss the common symptoms of ovarian cancer, including bloating, feeling full, and needing to urinate urgently. Target Ovarian Cancer also revealed that GPs were too quick to dismiss crucial signs of ovarian cancer – misdiagnosing them as symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), meaning that ovarian cancer is often diagnosed in its late stages. In a poll conducted with 1,000 women by the charity, they findings showed that 79% of women didn’t know that bloating was a symptom of the cancer – with a shocking 99% admitting to being unaware that needing to wee more urgently was also a sign. A further 97% surveyed did not know that feeling full was a common symptom, while 68% were unaware that abdominal pain was a sign of the cancer that kills a third of women within a year of diagnosis. Nearly half of those asked also incorrectly believed that cervical cancer screenings picked up evidence of ovarian cancer, despite there being 7,500 annual cases in the UK. Annwen Jones, chief executive of Target Ovarian Cancer stated that the distressing figures were ‘incredibly disappointing’. ‘Knowing the symptoms is crucial for everyone,’ she added. ‘We know we’ve shifted the dial in the past 10 years through the dedication of thousands of Target Ovarian Cancer’s campaigners, but it is not enough,’ she said, The news comes after a ‘major milestone’ in drug treatment for ovarian cancer was revealed last year in the form of a pill to significantly delay progression of the disease. The innovative drug will now be accessible for thousands of women nationwide who have been newly diagnosed with ovarian cancer, after it was once only used to treat a small number of patients after their cancer had returned. With Ovarian Cancer Awareness Month taking place during March, Jones has suggested ‘sustained and large-scale Government-backed symptom campaigns’, adding that ‘progress is possible.’ She said: ‘If we do this, fewer people will be diagnosed late, fewer will need invasive treatment, and, ultimately, fewer will die needlessly from ovarian cancer.’ Dr Victoria Barber, a Northamptonshire GP, added: ‘Symptoms do appear early on in ovarian cancer, and your GP wants to hear from you if you’re experiencing any of them, if they are new for you and if they do not go away. ‘Similarly, it’s vital that GPs are knowledgeable on ovarian cancer and know how to advise patients who have concerns,’ she added. Target Ovarian Cancer is urging the public to sign open letters to the Government by visiting Sign Target Ovarian Cancer’s open letter. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Johnny Vegas pens emotional plea to ‘darling’ friend with ovarian cancer: ‘Please come through this’ MORE : Ovarian cancer pill breakthrough as ‘major milestone’ drug approved for patients MORE : I had to have part of my penis removed after being diagnosed with cancer