Ready for another day? Don’t stress if not. Your horoscope is here to help. Ahead, you’ll find an astrological guide for all the star signs for today, February 24, 2022, with a forecast for the day ahead. Gemini, it’s time for you to take a break from something that’s muddling your mind. Libra, quit procrastinating – you know full well it’s time to knuckle down. Read on for your star sign’s daily horoscope ahead. March 21 to April 20 What are you committed to? You may be wedded to an idea, cause or interest and not even realise this is the case. This is a good time to reflect on how you channel your energy. Are there other areas of your life that might be suffering as a result? It could be time to create a better balance. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 With Venus and Mars forging strong ties to Neptune, your vision of what is possible can be helped by having a sound strategy. This could be a good time to focus on a long-term goal. In terms of getting your message across, a lively Mercury link suggests you’ll be impressive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Is something so complicated that it’s giving you a headache? Give yourself a break and turn your attention to what can actually be done. You could make positive strides with a goal and if you know exactly what you want to accomplish, you’re halfway there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Dream of living a different lifestyle in another place? You can, if you do something practical to make it happen. This might include connecting with others who have managed something similar. If this has been on your mind for a while you’ll be ready to make a start and see where it takes you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Others may try to deflect you from your path because they are worried about the outcome. If it feels right to you then refuse to be put off. The urge to go after something might be stronger than ever because of the emotional investment. The more you want it, the more you’ll push hard to get it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 With Venus and Mars in practical Capricorn aligning with Neptune, it will be easier to put a name to your dreams. Your attention to detail and down-to-earth nature will do the rest. You could be keen to link up with someone who has vision and imagination, and this collaboration can be golden. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Time to get on with tasks you’ve been putting off. You may not feel like it but it’s worth making an effort. If you don’t, events might force you to make a start and you’ll be under a lot more pressure. On another note, Mercury’s link with healing Chiron can be a call to forgive and forget. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If you say it like it is now, others may be pleased you’ve brought an issue to their attention and praise you for your honesty. If you leave it for a day or two, you may find the opposite is true and others will then be annoyed at you pointing out something they don’t want to hear. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Moon encourages you to focus on the big picture, especially if you feel an emotional pull towards an idea. Others might insist you pay attention to the details but in your present mindset it may not be possible. You need to paint with broad brushstrokes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Your mind can be busy in the coming days, making it almost impossible to sit still or concentrate for long. Despite this, you could still make progress. You might latch on to someone or something that fascinates you and then you can accomplish much until your interest starts to wane. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Involved in a misunderstanding? If you’re willing to look at the matter from other perspectives, it can pave the way for better communication. Ready to simplify your schedule? The less your mind is occupied, the more you’ll be alert to the new opportunities that are waiting for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If you’re feeling hemmed in by friends or clubs, be open to broadening your social horizons. The planetary backdrop suggests you could do with a breath of fresh air in more ways than one. Yet with a delightful focus on your sign, your charms might be very much on display. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness