The 28th annual SAG awards was as high-class, emotional and chaotic as we all hoped. From Helen Mirrren being handed the lifetime achievement award for her contribution to the industry to Will Smith getting emotional as he picked up his first-ever SAG award, there was plenty of entertainment on the night. As some of the world’s biggest stars flooded the red carpet serving some absolutely stunning looks, here are some of the most iconic moments from the awards. Fans went wild for Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper reuniting four years after they captured the hearts of millions in A Star Is Born, their on-and-off-screen chemistry even sparking romance rumours at the time. On Sunday night, the pair were seen embracing at the glitzy ceremony, Bradley in a smart tuxedo and Gaga wearing a bedazzled white-and-silver dress, complete with a silver necklace and rock on her finger. The pair were both nominated for this year’s awards: Gaga for House of Gucci and Bradley for his role in Licorice Pizza. However they lost out to CODA’s Troy Kotsure and The Eyes of Tammy Faye’s Jessica Chastain respectively. Despite the disappointment, Gaga and Bradley were beaming as they posed for photographs together and proved their friendship is as strong as ever. As well as her ridiculously cute reunion with Bradley, Gaga made the rounds at the awards and was pictured hugging and chatting to pretty much everyone, including industry legend Dame Helen. Despite being one of the biggest stars in the world, Gaga looked like she was genuinely fangirling over meeting Dame Helen (honestly, who could blame her?) and the pair shared several close embraces. Gaga herself seemed to be close to tears at one stage as she cuddled up to the The Queen star – and Oscar-winner Dame Helen seemed just as delighted to be in the company of the Bad Romance hitmaker. Meanwhile, the cast of Succession were in flying spirits as their HBO show took home numerous awards. Star Kieran Culkin was seen celebrating with an absolutely enormous bottle of champagne – which he appeared to lose control of just slightly. Photographs of the actor show Kieran drinking deeply from the huge bottle of fizz before it became too much and began overflowing. The actor also went all-out in his celebrations as Succession was announced the winner of the award for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series. Kieran, 39, planted a kiss on co-star J. Smith-Cameron, 64 as their castmates burst into laughter; the pair share an on-screen rollercoaster romance, which we can only assume Kieran was playing up to with the kiss. J, dressed in a sleek green dress, fully committed to the bit as she cradled her younger co-star’s face in her hands for dramatic effect, with cameras picking up the moment fromafar. Kieran and J’s smooch wasn’t the only bit of amor going on in Los Angeles on Sunday, of course. King Richard star Will and his wife Jada Pinkett Smith shared a smacker after he was announced the winner of his first-ever SAG award. The actor, 53, and actress, 50, have been together for more than 25 years, and its clear they still hold a lot of love for each other, with Jada looking proud as punch of her husband. While Will shared an intimate moment with his wife, his reaction with close friend and fellow legend Denzel Washington couldn’t be more different. The pair were seen excitedly jumping up and down and shouting as Will was announced the winner for his role in King Richard, with Denzel at one point throwing his arms around Will in a bear-hug and lifting him into the air. Elsewhere, while Jessica Chastain has been lauded with praise for her role as Tammy Faye in the acclaimed biopic The Eyes Of Tammy Faye, it appears she still wasn’t expecting to win an award. The actress, 44, underwent a complete transformation to play the televangelist and TV personality, and her incredible work in the role paid off as she received the best actor award. An absolutely astounded Jessica couldn’t believe her ears as she was announced the winner, and sat, dumbstruck as her name was called out. During her speech she was left, ironically, speechless, and had to take a moment to gather herself before thanking everyone for the recognition. But this didn’t exactly last long – Jessica collapsed out of pure joy and disbelief almost as soon as she entered the winner’s room holding her award. Meanwhile, Hollywood legend Kerry Washington was as star-struck as the rest of us. The star revolved around the room armed with her phone, taking posing selfies with the likes of Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Ariana DeBose, Cynthia Erivo and Nnamdi Asomugha. Despite the fact she herself was one of the biggest stars in the room, Kerry – dressed in an illuminating yellow dress – was like a teenage fan with an autograph book. Respect. One of the more chaotic moments saw Batman legend Michael Keaton show up late for his own award – because he was in the bathroom. The star was honoured for his role in the acclaimed series Dopesick, but he either lost track of time or really didn’t expect to win, as he was in a ‘packed’ toilet when he was announced as the winner. Award presenter Selma Hayek was left standing awkwardly onstage after announcing the 70-year-old as the winner, and joked she had ‘stage fright’ as she waited for the veteran actor to appear. He was forced to jog through the audience before rolling on to the stage to save time, and sheepishly admitted he needed a ‘quick trip to the men’s room’. But amid all the chaos there were some sincere, emotional moments: the success of Korean drama Squid Game was a highlight of Sunday’s show as it picked up no less than three awards. South Korean model and actor HoYeon Jung was awarded the prize for outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series – her first-ever acting role. The fan-favourite shed a few tears during her speech, which she delivered in Korean with a translator relaying her words to the English-speaking audience. She said everyone in the room had inspired her to become an actor when she was growing up, and had to pause to steady her emotions before returning to thank her Squid Game co-stars and fans. HoYeon’s passionate and sincere speech led to more than a few celebrities becoming watery-eyed, with both her co-stars and Jessica Chastain seen wiping away tears. HoYeon’s co-star and Squid Game’s lead, Lee Jung-jae , also won the outstanding performance by a male actor in drama series The show itself was honoured with the award for outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a television series, beating out tough opponents including Cobra Kai and Loki. It made history earlier this year by becoming the first foreign-language and first Korean TV series to receive a nomination, and on Sunday made history again by becoming the first of its kind to win the award. The drama will be returning for season two, with creator Hwang Dong-hyuk recently stating that they were ‘almost left with no choice’ to continue the story due to ‘so much demand’. MORE : Andrew Garfield admits it’s ‘odd’ to be at SAG Awards amid conflict as stars at glitzy event speak out in support of Ukraine MORE : Laverne Cox reminds Will Smith of wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s ‘entanglement’ with August Alsina in awkward SAG Awards red carpet chat 