Kate Garraway has responded to a Twitter user who has accused of her ‘parading’ her ill husband Derek Draper in front of the public. In March 2020, Derek, 54, was placed into a coma in hospital after testing positive for Covid-19 in one of the nation’s most severe cases of the virus. After months in hospital, the former political lobbyist has been able to recover at home with Kate, 54, and their two children Darcey and Billy. Almost two years later, Derek still has very limited mobility and cannot properly communicate, with Kate sharing an update in her documentary Caring For Derek. However, on Tuesday – hours before the documentary was set to air – a Twitter user said they were uncomfortable with the publicity on Derek. Thy wrote: ‘I genuinely hope he makes as full a recovery as possible. Sadly I still can’t reconcile how Derek’s alleged inability to communicate ties in with him consenting to Kate parading him in front of the public. ‘That’s never sat comfortably with me.’ Rather than argue or defend herself, Kate responded by sharing his tweet and adding: ‘If you watch the doc tonight you will see’. At the beginning of the documentary Kate told cameras that she is ‘very protective about people seeing [Derek] vulnerable, but I’ve talked to him a lot about this. ‘And I think he understands we have to make it real, because this is the reality of life for people that are caring. And it’s the reality of recovering from a life-changing event.’ Later in the programme, Derek was asked directly by a person off-camera: ‘Do you think filming will help you? Would you like to keep filming?’ to which Derek was able to answer a simple: ‘Yes.’ A recently-released preview of the documentary sees Derek and Kate’s children excitedly waiting for their dad to return from hospital after over a year, peering impatiently out the front door of their home. In the clip,  Billy, 12, and Darcey, 14, rush to the front door to greet their father, who is wheeled into the house in a wheelchair. When asked whether he has any worries about his dad coming home, Billy answered: ‘I’m not really nervous or anything because I can finally complete the [Lego toy] Death Star.’ ‘I’ve been waiting to complete this until dad gets home,’ he added. Derek has been making small improvements, with a second clip showing him moving his arms to hug his son for the first time since his coma. However he is still severely ill, with Kate recently revealing he would likely die within three days if left without care. The presenter is part of the gruelling care schedule for Derek, which includes her waking up every two hours each night to help the carer move him in bed. Last year, Kate released documentary Finding Derek on ITV, which detailed his illness and battle for recovery. The presenter won the authored documentary prize for Finding Derek at last year’s National Television Awards. Caring For Derek airs tonight at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘It’s like waiting for Christmas’: Kate Garraway’s kids eagerly await dad Derek Draper’s return home after year in hospital MORE : Kate Garraway and Derek Draper secretly flew 11,000 miles to Mexico for treatment: ‘He’s desperate to get better’ 