Desiree Hart-Spegal and her husband Chris spend around £30,000 a year on food, bills and presents for their 18 children. When 33-year-old Desiree – who has three children from past relationships – first met Chris through a mutual friend in October 2013, she knew she wanted to have a large family with him. And she wasn’t put off when Chris told her he already had eight kids. The pair embarked on a whirlwind romance, marrying in July 2014 and trying for a baby soon after. Now they have seven children together – six-year-old Christa, five-year-old Izabella, four-year-old Christopher, three-year-old Lily, two-year-old Heavenly-Grace and one-month-old Briella. The blended families live together in a five-bed house, where the middle-aged girls share a room, and the younger boys, older boys and youngest girls also do the same. Desiree, who is a joint owner of a car dealership, says she spends around £1,600 a month on food and £200 on birthday presents for each child – whereas Christmas presents every year cost around £6,000 in total. The mum, from Texas, says: ‘I had always dreamed of having a big family. It felt like my duty to use my gift to have children. ‘It can be a manic house, but I stay organised and make sure I spend quality time with them all. ‘I spend £400 a week on food but I try to order as I go so that I don’t waste anything. ‘I love that we get to raise so many amazing kids and watch them grow into adults.’ Due to the fact that each child has a very different personality, Desiree tries to match what they like to their chores. ‘Christa is so organised so I get her to keep the shoe rack tidy,’ the mum explains. ‘Christopher Junior thinks he is my husband – he is a mini Chris, like his name suggests. ‘And then my premmie baby, Lily, is such a fighter. ‘The kids are really good at doing their own washing now too – so that helps out with the ten plus loads of laundry a week.’ But after recently having Briella, the mum says she and Chris plan on stopping now. ‘I think we’re done now,’ Desiree adds. ‘Chris is going to get a vasectomy but if it happens somehow after that again then it’s meant to be. ‘But it’s not something we’re planning. ‘My baby-making season is over but my grandbabies are just around the corner. I love having so many children. ‘We’re a perfectly imperfect blended family.’ Chris adds: ‘I do love everybody’s personality. All their different personalities and watching them grow. It’s my favourite. ‘It’s really the greatest adventure of my life. I think of all of our lives. ‘Let’s be honest, I’m beyond blessed.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum and toddler forage for food together to make tasty (and free) meals MORE : Couple who adopted a wild boar as a baby say she sees their Labrador as her mum MORE : Mum shares ‘looking loudly’ technique to help parents find lost children in crowded places