Western powers have agreed to cut Russia from the main international banking system in a significant ratcheting up of sanctions. The UK, US and EU have reached a deal to exclude several Russian banks from  Swift, a global payments system. The measure was announced as Ukraine’s capital city Kyiv faced a fourth night of air strikes after Vladimir Putin finally ordered his troops to invade. In a joint statement, leaders of Europe, UK, US, and Canada, said: ‘We stand with the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people in their heroic efforts to resist Russia’s invasion. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Russia’s war represents an assault on fundamental international rules and norms that have prevailed since the Second World War, which we are committed to defending. ‘We will hold Russia to account and collectively ensure that this way is a strategic failure for Putin.’ Swift connects thousands of financial institutions around the world. Cutting Russia off from the system was seen as one of the toughest sanctions the West could impose. The UK had been pushing for the measure, but other nations were reluctant due to the harm it could cause to companies that do business with Russia. On Saturday Germany – a key hold-out – considerably softened its position and said they would back the ban, paving the way for a deal to be reached. EU Commission President Ursula Von der Leyen said she will now propose to EU leaders that a ‘certain number’ of Russian banks are removed from Swift – something that will stop them from conducting most of their financial transactions worldwide and effectively block Russian imports and exports. In a news briefing on Saturday night, she said Russia’s army is committing ‘barbaric actions’ in Ukraine and Western allies must go further to  ‘cripple Putin’s ability to finance his war machine’. She said cutting  several commercial banks from Swift ‘will ensure that these banks are disconnected from the international financial system and harm their ability to operate globally’. She said more banks could be hit ‘as appropriate’. Other measures announced by the world leaders include: Prime Minister Boris Johnson welcomed the measure, saying the West is ‘tightening the economic ligature’ around Putin. He spoke to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky earlier on Saturday and said allies must do everything possible to change the ‘very heavy odds’ against Ukraine in its struggle against Moscow’s forces. He confirmed Britain would be sending further arms to the Ukrainians and he said that the financial measures were essential to put pressure on the Kremlin. ‘It is incredibly important for tightening the economic ligature around the Putin regime,’ he told broadcasters during a visit to RAF Brize Norton. Countries around the world are ramping up their support for Ukraine as it continues with its fierce resistance against Russia. Germany, France and the Netherlands all announced new shipments of weapons on Saturday. Britain has already pledged to continue to supply arms to Ukraine’s embattled forces. So far 2,000 anti-tank missile launchers have already been sent and armed forces minister James Heappey said the Ministry of Defence is working on plans to support a resistance movement and a government in exile if Ukraine was finally overran. Western intelligence officials believe Putin wants to overthrow Ukraine’s democratically elected government and install his own puppet leadership in a bid to wind back the clock to the Soviet era. Yesterday, Boris Johnson accused the Russian leader of being a bent on a ‘revanchist mission to overturn the post-Cold War order’. He made the comments as he joined the US and EU in ordering personal sanctions against against Putin and and his foreign minister Sergei Lavrov. However, the government faced criticism that is has still not gone far enough. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 