This is the terrifying moment a woman hurled a Molotov cocktail at a family home with two young children inside. Talisa Windsor has been jailed after unsuccessfully trying to ignite a petrol bomb outside the front door of the house in East Sussex. CCTV footage, released by Sussex Police, begins with the 30-year-old stealing nearly four litres of petrol from a nearby Texaco station. She is then seen using a lighter to set fire to a fuel-soaked rag stuffed in the neck of a glass bottle, before lobbing the makeshift weapon towards the front door. Luckily, the bomb fails to catch fire, causing Windsor to get visibly frustrated. She petulantly hurls the lighter after it, which bounces off the ground. The woman is heard muttering ‘s***’, before she picks up the bottle and throws it off camera. It was lucky no one was killed in the incident, detective constable Rose Horan has stressed. The officer said: ‘This was an extremely disturbing incident which threatened the lives of a family with two young children, who were inside the house when Talisa Windsor attempted to set it alight. ‘CCTV showed that the cigarette lighter did ignite, so it was extremely lucky that the 3.7 litres of petrol around the front door did not go up in flames. Had that happened, we could have been looking at a tragic outcome.’ Police were called after members of the public reported smelling petrol and the dangerous offender was spotted filling the bottle with fuel nearby. Chichester Crown Court heard the bungled attack took place on May 11 last year. Windsor was quickly arrested after officers rushed to the property to check if the family was safe. It was later revealed later that she had sent the occupants, whom she knew, a string of death threats and other concerning messages in the days before the attack. Windsor, of Amberley Drive in Hove, was found guilty of attempted arson with intent to endanger life. She will now serve six years behind bars, including a further three on extended licence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.