Russia could use personal data stolen in major cyber attacks on Ukraine for a large scale operation to hunt down targets in the country. Hackers believed to be working for the Kremlin carried out one such breach in January, which yielded a vast harvest of car insurance details. Ukrainian sources who spoke to British analysts fear it could be used with polling data, and other types of ‘human terrain mapping’, to ‘eliminate’ resistance leaders during and after a full-blown invasion. Cyber-attacks are one of the hybrid warfare techniques at the disposal of Vladimir Putin, which could pave the way for a devastating military offensive. The Russian President has reportedly sent troops into two pro-Russian, breakaway republics in the east of Ukraine after formally recognising their independence in a belligerent speech on Monday. They are part of a force estimated to amount to between 160,000 and 190,000 troops massed on Ukraine’s borders. Nick Reynolds, a land warfare analyst at the Royal United Services Institute (RUSI), has identified unseen elements at play within Ukraine and believes a piecemeal annexation of the country is Mr Putin’s most likely option. ‘There is a very strong chance now that the Russian conventional military option will be utilised, with the Dontesk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic providing the pretext,’ he said. ‘To even stop or pause those military formations now they are in motion would be very difficult. There are unconventional levers they can use along with the conventional military action. ‘One of these is the terrifying prospect of using personal information from Ukrainian car insurance data stolen during a major cyber-attack in January, in conjunction with polling data and other forms of human terrain mapping, to identify, locate and eliminate leaders who would rally resistance.’ Mr Reynolds gave a bleak assessment of the country’s ability to defend its physical borders in the event Moscow launches a full-blown invasion. Suppressing resistance in an occupied territory of 44 million people, rather than defeating Ukraine militarily, could be a bigger hurdle to cross. ‘I suspect that if Russia does launch a full-scale invasion, they would only hold east of the Dnipro river, and Kyiv,’ Mr Reynolds said. ‘Western Ukraine would stretch their capabilities, not in terms of defeating the Ukrainian military, which unfortunately due to lack of investment lacks some critical capabilities it needs to fight, but in holding the country. ‘In broad terms, the Ukrainian military is of comparable size to the invasion force on its borders, but it lacks effective air defence and artillery, so it would be out-matched in terms of those critical enabling capabilities that allow ground forces to fight and manoeuvre effectively. ‘Another key capability that I have noticed is the missile systems that have been deployed, including the S-300 and S-400 surface-to-air missiles, which have been spotted in Belarus and will make it very difficult for the Ukrainian air force to operate in large parts of their country. ‘The Iskander-M guided ballistic surface-to-surface missile system has also been reported as being deployed to Belarus. It’s the biggest military build-up in Europe since the Second World War and it looks like it’s not just posturing, the Russians have all the capabilities they need.’ Covert activities in Ukraine have been stepped up through the expansion of Russia’s Federal Security Service via a dedicated team known as the 9th Directorate, according to a report authored by Mr Reynolds and RUSI colleague Jack Watling. The clandestine operation includes identifying people who might resist an invasion and those who could run local government departments after an occupation, they found. Digital warfare blamed on Russia also includes the attacks that took two major Ukrainian banks offline earlier last week. Today, it was reported that the country’s parliamentary, government and foreign ministry websites were down. The technical difficulties were blamed on a large-scale cyber-attack. ‘The Russians face an issue with holding the country and making it pliable,’ Mr Reynolds said. ‘Which is where the other measures come into play, such as their intelligence services removing officials and finding pro-Russian alternatives or collaborators. ‘For this to be successful, they need this “shaping battle” to succeed, and for the agents of influence to put this into place and detain or eliminate sufficient numbers of officials so civil society can’t organise resistance. ‘The potential detention or targeted killing of key officials at scale is one of the most worrying aspects uncovered by our research. ‘From what we have been told by Ukrainian officials, there are pre-positioned Spetsnaz units and, with the human terrain mapping that has taken place, the inferences are quite grim.’ Entitled ‘The Plot to Destroy Ukraine’, the report by the think-tank’s researchers also found ‘widespread penetration’ of the country’s civic structures by Russian agents. Hybrid warfare, the authors found, will likely be refined in Ukraine for use elsewhere in the world. ‘Depending on which techniques work and which ones don’t during operations in Ukraine, it is likely to refine those unconventional warfare activities for use in other countries,’ Mr Reynolds said. If Ukraine survives the present tensions, the authors recommend that the West should help the country to build up its military capabilities. Kyiv announced plans to conscript army reservists aged 18-60 today as the crisis continued to intensify. The move followed Boris Johnson imposing a ‘first barrage’ of sanctions on three Russian oligarchs and five banks. Moscow has said that any move into the rebel-held areas would be for ‘peacekeeping’ and disputed its forces have entered the Donbass. The Kremlin has repeatedly denied it plans to invade Ukraine and has accused the West of behaving provocatively in the region. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.