Ukraine’s President is urging global leaders to provide more defence assistance as Russia stages a full-scale invasion of his country. Hundreds of civilians in Kyiv are already feared dead after Russia launched a bombing campaign on the city at around 5am local time. Troops sent by Vladimir Putin are already on the ground in the country, with footage showing tanks rolling across the border from Crimea. It followed a series of cyber-attacks on Ukraine yesterday, leaving the websites of several banks and government departments inaccessible. President Volodymyr Zelensky is now urging global leaders to help protect his country’s airspace and territory from Russia. In a statement, he said Moscow ‘has unleashed a war with Ukraine and the entire democratic world’. He asked for world leaders to provide large-scale defence support and to protect Ukraine’s airspace from the ‘aggressor’. The head of the Ukrainian military has said he had received orders from President Zelensky to repel a Russian invasion. Commander-in-Chief General Zaluzny said: ‘The supreme commander of the Armed Forces of Ukraine gave orders to inflict maximum losses against the aggressor.’ The UK has already hit Moscow with sanctions – freezing the assets of five Russian banks and imposing travel bans on three Russian billionaires. After chairing an emergency Cobra meeting on the escalating crisis, the Prime Minister is due to unveil further sanctions to MPs later. The US, Britain, the European Union, Canada, Australia and Japan have all announced plans to target banks and wealthy individuals as a penalty for Russia’s aggression. Meanwhile Germany has halted Nord Stream 2 – a major gas pipeline project from  Russia – over Moscow’s ‘grave breach’ of international law. After speaking with Zelenskiy, US President Joe Biden released a statement last night threatening further action. He said: ‘I condemned this unprovoked and unjustified attack by Russian military forces. ‘I briefed him on the steps we are taking to rally international condemnation, including tonight at the United Nations Security Council. ‘He asked me to call on the leaders of the world to speak out clearly against President Putin’s flagrant aggression, and to stand with the people of Ukraine. ‘Tomorrow, I will be meeting with the Leaders of the G7, and the United States and our Allies and partners will be imposing severe sanctions on Russia. We will continue to provide support and assistance to Ukraine and the Ukrainian people.’ Russia’s invasion comes after amassing as many as 190,000 troops on Ukraine’s borders since January. It continually denied plans to invade, branding the West hysterical over its concerns and dismissing its intelligence as nonsense. Vladimir Putin did demand legal guarantees that Ukraine is never allowed to join NATO, fearing the military alliance has expanded too close to his country. But Western leaders, including Johnson, argued Ukraine is an independent country that can join whatever military alliances it chooses, and said Russia is very clearly the aggressor in this scenario. They feared explosions could be set off in the Moscow-backed separatist-held eastern regions of the country as part of a ‘false-flag’ operation – creating a pretext to invade. The UK and US has been clear that NATO will not send troops into Ukraine, but it has increased the number of soldiers in surrounding NATO countries. But members of the alliance have run joint military exercises with Ukraine and have provided training in recent months. The UK has been sending Ukraine ‘defence’ weapons, including anti-tank missiles such as the Javelin – which uses infrared guidance to hit tanks, buildings and helicopters. Other gear provided includes the Next Generation Light Anti-tank Weapon (NLAW), developed by the UK and Sweden, which is launched on the shoulder and can be fired from confined spaces. Britain and other NATO members are also providing intelligence to Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.