If you’re looking for a beach to head to for your next trip, you could do a lot worse than the ones on this list. TripAdvisor has ranked the best beaches all over the world as part of their 2022 Traveller’s Choice Awards, and of the 10 best ones in Europe, two are in the UK – practically on our doorstep. The basics are the same – sea, sand – but each beach offers its own special details. Kleftiko Beach, for example, is a great spot for snorkelling and boat tours. Bamburgh Beach offers views of a castle along with all the seaside fun. Whether you’re looking for a staycation spot or want to go a little further afield, here’s their list of stunning shorelines for you to choose from. Lampedusa, Islands of Sicily Taking the top European spot is this stunning Italian beach in Sicily, which one reviewer called ‘one of the marvels of the world.’ Olhos de Agua, Portugal This beach in the Algarve is almost 6km long and is flanked by impressive red and white cliffs. Playa de Muro, Majorca, Spain Reviews say this Spanish beach is very family-friendly given the shallow waters. Ayia Napa, Cyprus Reviews say the clear water of Nissi beach is shallow enough to allow people to walk over to an island across the way. Kissamos, Crete, Greece Taking the fifth spot is Balos Lagoon, which is a little off the beaten track, with reviews saying it can be difficult to drive your basic hire car down the rough track – but it’s worth it. Milos, Greece You can only get to Kleftiko by boat, but there are plenty of snorkelling day cruises and boat tours to choose from to get you there. Isle of Harris, Scotland Coming at number seven and the top-ranked beach in the UK, we have Scotland’s  Luskentyre, which one review called ‘one of the most magical beaches in the world’. Bamburgh, Northumberland, United Kingdom The second UK beach to make the list is Bamburgh Beach in England, which offers views of a picturesque castle within spitting distance of the sand. Costa Calma, Fuerteventura, Spain Reviewers unsurprisingly love this beach, singing the praises of its fine white sand, inviting waters, and quiet and uncrowded shore. Isola di Favignana, Italy The second Italian beach on the list, Spiaggia di Cala Rossa requires a bit of light hiking, but its crystal clear water and gorgeous scenery still make it very popular. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Dreamy clifftop house with private beach access goes on sale for £1.69million MORE : A breathtaking pink Venetian palace with its own beach strip, pool and  nightclub is up for sale at £4.4million MORE : ‘My boyfriend won’t let my travel dreams come true – what should I do?’