Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds will be matching up to $1million (£745,711) in donations to the United Nations Refugee Agency as Russia’s attack on Ukraine intensifies. President Vladimir Putin declared war against Ukraine around 5am local time on Thursday, ordering troops into the neighboring country in a three-pronged invasion from the north, east, and south, appearing to target the cities of Kyiv, Kharkiv, and Kherson. The Canadian actor, 45, and his wife took to Twitter and urged their followers to donate with a link inserted the post. Alongside it, Ryan tweeted: ‘In 48 hours, countless Ukrainians were forced to flee their homes to neighboring countries. ‘They need protection. When you donate, we’ll match it up to $1,000,000, creating double the support.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The former Gossip Girl actress, 34, added: ‘@VancityReynolds & I are doubling every $donated to @UNRefugeeAgency up to $1,000,000 click below if you can join us @UNRefugeeAgency is on the ground providing lifesaving aid, & working with neighboring countries to ensure protection for the 50,000+ who were just forced to flee.’ Thousands of refugees have fled Ukraine and entered neighbouring countries in the hope of finding safety, with it being reported that 137 people were killed on the first day of the attacks led by Mr Putin. Many celebrities have spoken out to post messages of solidarity with Ukraine, including Avengers star Mark Ruffalo who sent his ‘love and prayers to the innocent people’ involved, before he added: ‘You have done nothing to deserve this perversion and obscene spectacle.’ Lord of the Rings actor Elijah Wood tweeted that his ‘heart is with Ukraine and its people’, while Kiss star Gene Simmons wrote: ‘Our hearts and minds are with the brave people of Ukraine.’ Singer Barbra Streisand shared on Twitter that her paternal grandparents emigrated from Ukraine, saying that her heart ‘breaks for the courageous people there fighting this Russian invasion’. What Happens in Vegas actor Ashton Kutcher simply tweeted: ‘I stand with Ukraine.’ His wife, Mila Kunis who was born in Chernivtsi, Ukraine, has yet to publicly speak out. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sean Penn holds meeting with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy as he films documentary amid Russian invasion MORE : Russia banned from Eurovision 2022 amid outrage from several countries following Ukraine invasion 