While the world is watching the Ukraine crisis unfold and praying for those caught up in the chaos, Joy Behar has instead shown concern for her own holidays. The View host, 79, stirred outrage with tone-deaf comments only hours after Putin ordered Russian troops to invade Ukraine, as she focused more on having to cancel holidays to Italy, where some of her family members live. On Thursday’s edition of the talk-show, co-host Sunny Hostin, 53, was sharing some facts about the warfare in Eastern Europe, as thousands of Ukraine people planned their evacuations from what would later become a warzone. Yet Behar clearly missed on reading the room, and led the discussion towards her plans to travel to Italy, a country 1,500 miles away from the unfolding situation. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Hostin began: ‘Estimates are 50,000 Ukranians will be dead or wounded and this is going to start a refugee crisis in Europe. We’re talking about 5million people that are going to be displaced. ‘It’s heartbreaking to hear what is going to happen.’ But Behar avoided further commentary on eastern Europe, and turned her focus west: ‘I’m scared of what’s going to happen in western Europe, too. ‘You plan a trip, you want to go there, I’ve wanted to go to Italy for four years and I haven’t been able to make it because of the pandemic and now this. ‘It’s like, what’s gonna happen there?’ Behar’s comments sparked outrage on social media, with one viewer writing: ‘Did Putin even stop to think how his invasion would affect Joy Behar’s trip to Italy?’ Another joked: ‘You almost have to respect Joy Behar’s unwavering commitment toward ensuring that boomers are the most hated generation alive.’ A third added: ‘The true horror of the worldwide pandemic and Russia invading Ukraine? Joy Behar hasn’t been able to take her trip to Italy. Thoughts and Prayers for Joy. We hope she makes it through this tragedy.’ One user commented: ‘Is it possible for Joy Behar to be any more tone deaf?’     This recent spate of controversy surrounding the American talk show follows Whoopi Goldberg’s recent suspension for making comments that the Holocause ‘wasn’t about race.’ The Sister Act star, 66, has since apologised for her remarks, in which she claimed the Holocaust was actually about ‘man’s inhumanity to man,’ but received a lot of criticism. Goldberg has hosted the view since 2007, and currently appears alongside with the longest-running host Behar who has hosted all 23 seasons since the show’s premiere in 1997, as well as Hostin and Sarah Haines, with Ana Navarro as a guest host. Putin declared war around 5am local time on Thursday, ordering troops into the neighboring country in a three-pronged invasion from the north, east and south, appearing to target the cities of Kyiv, Kharkiv and Kherson. Missiles were shot at several cities, and huge explosions are continuing to rattle Kyiv in the early hours of this morning as the second day of the incursion began with a missile barrage. Russian forces are now about 20 miles from Kyiv, with officials warning that the capital could fall quickly. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has vowed to remain in Kyiv, and tweeted: ‘Last time our capital experienced anything like this was in 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany. ‘Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one. Stop Putin. Isolate Russia. Severe all ties. Kick Russia out of (everywhere).’ The View airs weekdays on ABC in the US. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Whoopi Goldberg’s The View co-host Sara Haines supports star as fans claim her two-week suspension is not enough MORE : Whoopi Goldberg promises ‘tough conversations’ as she returns to The View after suspension 