The President of the Polish Football Association has slammed FIFA after the Russia national team avoided a ban ahead of the imminent World Cup play-offs. Football’s world governing body stopped short of immediately expelling Russia but said it remained an option, deciding instead the squad can play using the ‘RFU’ acronym for the country’s football federation. A statement read: ‘No international competition shall be played on territory of Russia, with ‘home’ matches being played on neutral territory and without spectators. ‘The member association representing Russia shall participate in any competition under the name Football Union of Russia. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘No flag or anthem of Russia will be used in matches where teams from the Football Union of Russia participate. ‘FIFA would like to reiterate its condemnation of the use of force by Russia in its invasion of Ukraine. Violence is never a solution and FIFA expresses its deepest solidarity to all people affected by what is happening in Ukraine.’ FIFA’s response came after Poland, Sweden and Czech Republic confirmed they would not travel to Russia for any World Cup play-off match next month following Vladimir Putin’s decision to wage war on Ukraine. Polish officials wasted little time in airing their dissatisfaction at FIFA’s initial decision with Cezary Kulesza branding it ‘unacceptable’. ‘Today’s FIFA decision is totally unacceptable. We are not interested in participating in this game of appearances. Our stance remains intact. ‘Polish National Team will NOT PLAY with Russia, no matter what the name of the team is.’ Earlier on Sunday, the English FA confirmed it would not schedule any matches against Russia at any level for the foreseeable future. ‘Out of solidarity with the Ukraine and to wholeheartedly condemn the atrocities being committed by the Russian leadership, the FA can confirm that we won’t play against Russia in any international fixtures for the foreseeable future,’ a statement read. ‘This includes any potential match at any level of senior, age group of para football.’ MORE : Gary Neville questions key Thomas Tuchel decision after Chelsea’s defeat to Liverpool MORE : Liverpool win epic Carabao Cup final as Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga misses decisive penalty kick For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 