CONTENT WARNING: Graphic pictures A gay, non-binary Afghan has told of how they were left ‘injured and alone’ after suffering severe injuries in a knife attack by the Taliban, as thousands in the queer community continue to face persecution. Sara, who has not revealed their last name, claims members of the fundamentalist group ‘wanted to kill’ them when they were jumped in Kabul last week. The 23-year-old originally thought their attackers were mugging them but the group refused to take the victim’s phone or money. Sara said they heard the Taliban telling them: ‘Shame on you, it is our time to finish people like you.’ They lost consciousness during the attack and woke up in the hospital. The attackers had inflicted 18 wounds, including gashes along Sara’s legs, stomach, and back which all needed stitches. ‘I’m really hopeless,’ Sara said, revealing they have not celebrated LGBT+ History Month in February due to their injuries. Sara was rescued thanks to the help of Nemat Sadat, a gay Afghan-American activist who has aided in the escape of more than 200 LGBTQ+ Afghans since the Taliban took over. Nemat, who lives in San Diego, California, is paying for Sara’s hostel, food and everything else they need. ‘Before the Taliban came to power, you had so many people that were transgender and non-binary’, Nemat said. ‘They were working as contemporary wedding dancers – not just in private homes but also in huge wedding halls in Kabul. ‘They were working as celebrity make-up artists on Afghan television; people had fashion shows, concerts – it was so visible.’ Nemat – who was surprised Sara was alive after the attack – believes ‘society has turned against his community’. He said LGBT people in Afghanistan ‘feel that they’re so defeated, they can’t do anything because even their allies have abandoned them and turned their back.’ Mr Sadat has raised £15,760 to evacuate LGBT Afghans – including £5,990 from his own savings. He has been working as a ‘one-man army’ for the last six months but has now launched an organisation called Roshaniya that he hopes will allow others to get involved too. He said: ‘What I’m really doing is trying to directly empower the LGBT community, guiding them and telling them this is what we think is best, but really getting them to fund their evacuation. We have to keep the drum beats rolling.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.