Most of us have a purse or wallet brimming with loyalty cards from various supermarkets and other stores that we use regularly. But whether we prefer a Tesco Clubcard, a Nectar card, a Boots Advantage card, or even all three, it can be hard to work out whether they are actually worth having now. Rob Burgess, editor of rewards website Head for Points, says that the value of many of these cards has been ‘whittled away’ over the last few years, but that many stores make you scan their card to get the best prices on everyday items. ‘Fifteen years ago, there were people who were literally getting free cars from Tesco. You can’t do this now,’ he says. ‘Instead, all of these stores now force you to carry their loyalty card to get their lowest prices.’ That said, Rob added that there are various ways that you can spend your points to get the best out of your loyalty cards. Here, we crunch the numbers to work out whether your cards are giving you the value you need, how to boost the number of points you get, and how to spend them most wisely. WHAT IS IT? A card and app giving you points and offers when you spend in store and online with the supermarket. The card also offers those who use it lower prices on some items. WHERE CAN YOU COLLECT POINTS? You can earn points by spending at Tesco stores, petrol stations and online at Tesco.com. You can also earn points with Tesco Bank and Tesco Mobile. WHAT’S IT WORTH? You earn one point per pound when you spend at Tesco, so that’s a return on a spend of one per cent. For every £10 you spend, you receive 10p in Clubcard points. It is one point for every £2 spent when buying fuel, or 0.5 per cent. CAN I BOOST IT? A Tesco Bank credit card can help you to get slightly more points when you spend at Tesco and one point for every £8 spent elsewhere, while the prepaid Clubcard Pay+ card doubles your points per spend for the first 100 days after you open it and offers the same one point for every £8 spent elsewhere as the credit card. It is free, but you have to top it up before using at Tesco. BEST WAY TO SPEND POINTS? It is easy to redeem Clubcard points as shopping vouchers to spend in Tesco, but some people believe they get better value by trading them for vouchers worth three times their value at Tesco Clubcard Partners. For example, you can get a three-month Disney+ subscription for £8 of vouchers, or £1.50 towards English Heritage membership for 0.50p worth of vouchers. There’s more information on the Tesco website. THE VERDICT: Clubcard used to offer more generous savings than it does now. Rob says that although the base earnings rate has remained steady at one point a pound, there has been ‘a huge reduction in the number of bonus points and double points offers’. ‘It is virtually impossible now to build up a decent Clubcard points balance,’ he adds. Take a careful look at Clubcard partner offers before redeeming. Some are genuine bargains, while there may be better deals available for other perks without using your Clubcard balance. ‘Even if you use Clubcard points for “deals” vouchers, e.g. Pizza Express, you’re still only getting three per cent back,’ Burgess says. However, because of the special prices available for Clubcard customers it is almost impossible not to have this card and to get good value if you are a regular Tesco shopper. WHAT IS IT? A £1 membership that gives you points towards shopping and also donates money to good causes. You also receive a list of offers every week from which you can choose two. WHERE CAN YOU COLLECT POINTS? Shopping in Co-op food stores instore and online (Co-op branded products only), as well as when using a Co-op lawyer to make a will or using the law firm’s fixed price family services. WHAT’S IT WORTH? For every pound you spend on qualifying products, you will receive 2p worth of reward points, while two different Co-op funds for charities will receive a penny each. The offers boost the rewards further, perhaps giving you £1 off a weekly shop, or a discount on a specific type of product. CAN I BOOST IT? No, unless a boost is part of your member offers, but you may be able to claim extra savings on using Co-op insurance, funeral services and other products. BEST WAY TO SPEND THEM? You can only redeem your rewards when you shop, by using your card or app. You can choose to donate them if you prefer. THE VERDICT: The Co-op card gives you a warm glow inside as you donate to good causes, but in reality the points you get back are quite limited. Unless you buy a lot of own-brand products you’ll find your balance takes a long while to build up. It’s also a bit of a faff to spend, with the Co-op’s own research suggesting that people often forget to spend their points. Make sure you use yours. WHAT IS IT? Less of a loyalty card and more of a prepaid savings account, Iceland Bonus offers you money when you top up its prepaid limit as well as giving you access to offers. WHERE CAN YOU USE IT? At Iceland instore and online and also at The Food Warehouse. WHAT’S IT WORTH? Iceland adds £1 for every £20 you put onto the prepaid card. CAN I BOOST IT? Iceland sometimes offers larger bonuses than this to tempt shoppers to use the card, so it is worth looking out for this. BEST WAY TO SPEND THEM? The money put onto the Iceland card, including the extra, can be spent instore or online. THE VERDICT: Like an all-year round Christmas bonus scheme, the Iceland card is good value for the savvy and organised. Remembering to top up your card before you go to the shops is an extra hassle, but it can effectively cut the value of your shopping by 5% — not to be sniffed at in these inflationary times. Cash on a Bonus Card isn’t as safe as in the bank, however, as it’s not covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme in the event of bankruptcy, while if someone stole and used your card it might be hard to get the money back, so treat the card and app with care and don’t build up too big a balance. WHAT IS IT? An app that offers money-off coupons once you’ve spent a certain amount, as well as weekly offers. WHERE CAN YOU USE IT? Instore in Lidl. WHAT’S IT WORTH? When you spend £200 in a month you receive a £10 money off coupon, so 0.5 per cent, while Lidl also promises coupons with discounts on your favourite products. CAN I BOOST IT? No — what you see is what you get. BEST WAY TO SPEND THEM? Vouchers can only be spent in Lidl. THE VERDICT: Spending £200 a month in Lidl is getting easier as food prices rise, and a £10 money off coupon is a welcome incentive. Good for those who regularly shop there and hit the £200 mark most months — less useful for occasional users or those with smaller baskets. WHAT IS IT? A loyalty card scheme used by Sainsbury’s and several other retailers, which allows you to build up points to spend in store, as well as a Nectar Price scheme, which gives discounts to Nectar card holders in Sainsbury’s. WHERE CAN YOU COLLECT POINTS? Sainsbury’s, JustEat, Argos and other partners allow you to build up points in store and online. WHAT’S IT WORTH? The amount collected varies by retailer. Sainsbury’s usually offers one point for every pound spent. You can spend Nectar points at Sainsbury’s and elsewhere. 500 points are worth £2.50 at Sainsbury’s, so that’s 0.5 per cent return on spending. CAN I BOOST IT? A successful Nectar credit card application gives you 8,000 points straight off and gives you extra points at Sainsbury’s and elsewhere. BEST WAY TO SPEND THEM? Sainsbury’s is an easy place to spend Nectar points, but you may be able to get a better deal with partners. See nectar.com for more details. THE VERDICT: Nectar is a complicated scheme in some parts, and it can be sometimes hard to get your head around it. For those who take time to work out where they can use the card and the best places to redeem the points, there are savings to be had. Burgess, at Head For Points, reckons that two of the best deals at present are redeeming Nectar for Avios points to fly with BA or other airlines, or for hot drinks in Caffe Nero — especially if you plump for an expensive frappuccino rather than a cup of tea, since all hot or iced drinks can be yours for 350 points. WHAT IS IT? This one is a similar card to the Boots Advantage card. The Superdrug card earns you points, gets you free delivery at a lower price point and also gives you access to offers. You may also get cheaper prices on products. WHERE CAN YOU COLLECT POINTS? Spending at Superdrug online and instore WHAT’S IT WORTH? You collect one point for every pound spent, and each point is worth a penny, so there is a one per cent return on spending. The store also runs promotions with offers. CAN I BOOST IT? NHS workers and students can use the card to get a 10% discount with qualifying ID, while the card offers different discounts every Thursday. BEST WAY TO SPEND THEM? In store or online at Superdrug only. The points can be used for part or full payment of items. THE VERDICT: If you are a Superdrug user, particularly online, the card is a no-brainer, allowing free delivery from £15 rather than £25 and generous earning of points. The fact that you can also buy things using your points and cash together makes it rather easier to redeem than the Boots Advantage deal, but in the same way as its rival, it is certainly worth checking prices against supermarkets before assuming you have a good deal when spending points. WHAT IS IT? A card and app that you can use to collect points when you spend in store. It also allows you access to some personalised offers and a free Health & Beauty magazine. Boots recently launched Price Advantage that means that some prices and offers in store are only available to those with the Advantage cards. WHERE CAN YOU COLLECT POINTS? Only at Boots in store and online. WHAT’S IT WORTH? You collect four points for every pound spent, and Boots points are worth a penny each, meaning that you’re receiving a four per cent return on spend, or 40p every time you spend £10. BEST WAY TO SPEND POINTS? You can only spend Advantage points at Boots, either in store or online. You cannot part-pay with them, so you must have enough money on your card for the product you actually want. You cannot redeem Advantage points for prescriptions and some other medical items. CAN I BOOST IT? Boots personalised offers on your app sometimes offers ways to get extra points, while special events such as Christmas shopping evenings can also get your points boosted. If you are over 60 you can join the over 60s rewards club, which gives you eight points per pound spent. Students get 10 per cent discount with their advantage card after showing student ID. THE VERDICT: One of the most generous loyalty schemes remaining, the Boots Advantage card is great as long as you are checking the prices of products against supermarkets. Sometimes the savings you make are wiped out by higher prices on products. Take advantage of Christmas shopping promotions and other points bonuses to up your total. The fact that you need to have the full amount of points to buy a product limits redemptions on this card, but it is still worth having in your wallet. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : Mum shares genius trick to help short people reach items at the back of the shelves at the supermarket MORE : Figuring out your ‘money story’ can make a load of difference to your finances – here’s how to work it out