The Queen has postponed another two virtual meetings after testing positive for Covid. A Buckingham Palace spokesman said: ‘The two virtual audiences that had previously been scheduled to take place today will now be rescheduled for a later date. ‘Her Majesty is continuing with light duties. ‘No other engagements are scheduled for this week.’ It comes after the monarch cancelled other virtual engagements earlier this week. She is understood to be triple jabbed and getting very good medical treatment. The 95-year-old, who tested positive for the virus on Sunday, previously cancelled virtual engagements on Tuesday because she was not feeling well enough, but did have her regular telephone audience with the Prime Minister on Wednesday. Concerns for the nation’s longest-reigning monarch have been heightened given her age, frailer appearance of late and a recent health scare. She recently spent more than three months resting, on doctors’ orders. In the autumn she pulled out of attending the COP26 climate change summit, the Festival of Remembrance and then the Remembrance Sunday Cenotaph service due to a sprained back. She also missed the Church of England’s General Synod. The Queen also regularly uses a walking stick and has been pictured looking frailer recently. Last week at a Windsor Castle audience she remarked: ‘Well, as you can see, I can’t move.’ Lights duties as head of state include working from her red boxes, sent to her every day and containing policy papers, Foreign Office telegrams, letters and other State papers which have to be read and, where necessary, approved and signed. But there are now doubts about a string of high-profile engagements coming up. The Queen is set to host the Diplomatic Reception on March 2, where she will meet hundreds of members of the Diplomatic Corps at Windsor. Buckingham Palace has yet to comment whether the Queen will still attend. She is then due to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14, before a memorial service for the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service, also at the Abbey, on March 29. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Queen gets back to work after Covid diagnosis as she has phone call with Boris