A former placeholder for Russian President Vladimir Putin has issued hawkish threats to the west over sanctions, dismissing them as ‘political impotence’ that will only unite the country waging war on Ukraine. Dmitry Medvedev, who is deputy head of Russia’s Security Council chaired by Putin, shared sarcastic remarks on Saturday after western nations placed new sanctions on Russian financial systems and members of the elite and banned key technology exports. ‘We are being driven out of everywhere, punished and threatened, but we don’t feel scared,’ Medvedev said on a Russian platform. Medvedev ridiculed sanctions from the US and its European allies as efforts to vindicate ‘shameful decisions, like a cowardly retreat from Afghanistan’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live He said ‘there is no particular need in maintaining diplomatic relations’ with the west. ‘We may look at each other in binoculars and gunsights,’ Medvedev said. Medvedev served as a placeholder president from 2008 to 2012, when Putin reached term limits and shifted to the role of prime minister. After Putin reclaimed the presidency, Medvedev was prime minister for eight years. Medvedev’s rule was viewed as more liberal versus Putin, but his latest remarks are among the most threatening to come out of any Kremlin leader. On Friday, the US joined its European allies in sanctioning Putin – although the measure was largely symbolic because his riches are hidden and his assets are hard to freeze. US President Joe Biden on Thursday blocked exports of some products to Russia including technology required for military operations like semiconductor chips. The west has also halted the Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline connecting Germany and Russia. Regarding the west’s threats to freeze more assets of Russian companies and individuals, Medvedev said Russia could reciprocate the action. ‘We would need to respond in kind by freezing the assets of foreigners and foreign companies in Russia… and possibly by nationalising the assets of those who come from unfriendly jurisdictions,’ he said. ‘The most interesting things are only starting now.’ Referring to the Council of Europe suspending Russia from the leading human rights organisation on Friday, Medvedev said it was one of the ‘useless nursing homes’ that Moscow should not have joined in the first place. Medvedev added that the sanctions give the Kremlin reason to review its overall ties to the western countries. He floated the prospect of Russia opting out of the New START nuclear arms control treaty that limits the number of nuclear warheads that Russia and the US can keep. Additionally, Medvedev said the new low in relations with the west is ‘a good opportunity’ to bring back the death penalty for grave criminal acts. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.