Robert Pattinson has revealed that he’s completely ‘terrified’ about how audiences will react to his performance as the Caped Crusader in Matt Reeves’ movie The Batman. Even A-listers have self-doubt! The actor, 35, will be making his debut as Batman in what is undoubtedly the most anticipated movie of the year, and has said that the reality of playing the legendary superhero has finally dawned on him ahead of the film’s release. Batman has been played by George Clooney, Michael Keaton, Christian Bale and Val Kilmer to name a few, so the role is certainly some big shoes to fill. Discussing the role with reporters on the red carpet at there London premiere last night he said: ‘It’s just starting to feel a little bit real. I’m terrified. This is the first time we’ve got a non friends and family audience seeing it.’ The Twilight star joked that he would spend hours trawling through social media to see what fans think about the blockbuster. The star also confessed that he is glad to have taken on the iconic role as a more experienced actor, as he doesn’t think he could have coped with the pressure when he was younger. Asked if Batman is the biggest role of his life, Robert said: ‘Yeah. I’m glad that I’m older as when I was younger I don’t think I would be able to handle the pressure of it but now it has just been fun and a really incredible ride.’ Robert also discussed the process of wearing Batman’s iconic costume and explained how felt ‘tougher’ as soon as he tried it on for the first time. He explained: ‘You first put it on and it’s so well-designed. ‘I tried the suit on piece-by-piece over about a month and when the final thing was there you just immediately want to start punching the mirror. ‘You feel 100 times tougher.’ While promoting the upcoming superhero film on Jimmy Kimmel Live, looking sharp in an all-black ensemble, the actor echoed similar terrified sentiments, saying: ‘I haven’t been this scared to release a movie in such a long time and I haven’t released a movie in a really long time.’ He added: ‘I’ve gotten into this habit where I kind of realised, I need to be in the perfect balance of serotonin to watch my own stuff. ‘I need to work out beforehand, I need to have an enormous amount of sugar and caffeine. Whatever I’m watching, I’m like, yes!’ The Batman is set in the second year of DC Comics character Batman’s quest to fight crime and undercover corruption in Gotham City, while pursuing the Riddler. Undoubtedly one of the most hotly anticipated movies of the year, the film will see the twisted serial killer Riddler starts murdering key political figures in Gotham, while Batman is forced to investigate the city’s hidden corruption. Robert will star alongside a glittering cast including Zoe Kravitz, Paul Dano, Colin Farrell and Andy Serkis. Robert’s career was launched when he played Cedric Diggory in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire in 2005. Since then, he was skyrocketed to fame as Edward Cullen in the Twilight series. The Batman is released in UK cinemas March 4. MORE : Pete Davidson’s Instagram mysteriously disappears as Kanye West throws more jabs over Kim Kardashian romance MORE : Beyonce makes surprise cameo in Kanye West’s Jeen-Yuhs as she secretly dated Jay Z and it’s iconic 