Tommy Fury says Tyson Fury is on a different level to Dillian Whyte and believes the proposed WBC heavyweight title showdown will be one of the ‘easiest’ fights of his brother’s entire career. Whyte, 33, was announced as the mandatory challenger to Fury’s heavyweight title by the WBC in December and the Body Snatcher left it right up until Tuesday’s 6am deadline to put pen to paper on the necessary paperwork. Unbeaten Fury, 33, has repeatedly goaded Whyte over recent weeks and the pair will finally get the chance to settle their differences in a highly-anticipated bout, expected to take place at Wembley in April. Whyte has agreed to accept just 20 per cent of the total fight purse said to be worth £6m, while Fury is set to take home a fee of around £25m. Fury’s last fight was the third in a triumphant trilogy victory over Deontay Wilder at Las Vegas’ T-Mobile Arena back in October. Whyte, meanwhile, set up the all-British affair after beating Russian veteran Alexander Povetkin via a fourth-round knockout just under a year ago in Gibraltar. Looking ahead to the fight, Fury’s younger brother Tommy told Sky Sports: ‘In this game, there is levels to it – that’s just the top and bottom of it in boxing – and Dillian Whyte just isn’t at Tyson’s level. ‘This will be one of Tyson’s easiest fights, because you go from Deontay Wilder who can put your lights out in one second with one punch and then you’re going over to Dillian Whyte who has not always looked the best, not always been up there.’ He added: ‘He’s taken a while to get this title shot. ‘He’s got a few miles on the clock himself, he’s had a few bad knockouts – I don’t see him posing any threat. ‘It’s heavyweight boxing, anything can happen, but as far as him being the best and ruling the division, Tyson is that man and will do for however long he wants to.’ Elsewhere in the interview, the Love Island star urged both Amir Khan and Kell Brook to call it a day and ‘move on’ following the latter’s victory in Manchester at the weekend. ‘Where I’m seeing things from, I’d like to see both men hang up the gloves now,’ Fury added. ‘Both men have had exceptional careers, won world titles and done everything they needed to do. ‘I think it’s time to hang them up now; they’ve both got kids, so enjoy that time and be a family father now. ‘It was what it was, the better man won on the night, but the main factor is we’ve seen the fight and it’s something which can be put to bed now. ‘We saw the fight, Kell Brook won – job done, move on.’ MORE : ‘Come back when you win a fight!’ – Tyson Fury hits back at ‘bully’ Conor McGregor after online row erupts MORE : Phil Foden’s mum punched by man in fight at Amir Khan vs Kell Brook 