The Duchess of Cambridge was pictured giggling as she embraced her inner child to slide down a helter-skelter ride in Denmark. Kate Middleton has jetted off on a two-day trip to learn about the country’s world-leading approach to early childhood development. She burst into laughter as she emerged from the slide today, telling onlookers at the Lego Foundation PlayLab in Copenhagen: ‘In the spirit of where I am, I had to do it.’ The Royal Foundation Centre for Early Childhood was founded by the royal alongside her husband Prince William last June. It looks at addressing social challenges by tracing them back to the beginning of someone’s life. Mum-of-three Kate headed to the University of Copenhagen on Tuesday after her flight was delayed around 30 minutes. There, she met researchers who have been working on ways to improve the mental wellbeing of infants and their relationships with their parents. Experts taught her about the newly developed Alarm Distress Baby Scale – which would act as a screening tool for health workers to see whether infants may be at risk of harmful social or emotional growth. Academics in Copenhagen have also started another research project – Understanding Your Baby. The idea is to train health visitors to help new parents figure out how their babies are communicating with them and what some behaviours might mean. Kate heard from health workers while also chatting with first-time parents involved with the programme. There are currently 1,300 parents and 200 health workers taking part in the project which began in 2019 and will end this July. This is the first time the Duchess has taken her charity international. The visit also falls on the year that both Britain and Denmark’s royals celebrate important Jubilees. As Queen Elizabeth commemorates her Platinum Jubilee in 2022, Queen Margrethe II marks her Golden Jubilee. William and Kate’s charity believes ‘experiences in early childhood are often the root cause of today’s hardest social challenges such as addiction, family breakdown, poor mental health, suicide and homelessness.’ The Foundation researches how to nurture ‘positive physical, emotional and cognitive development from conception to the age of five’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.