Susanna Reid admitted she felt ‘physically sick’ after learning President Vladimir Putin had put Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert amid the Ukraine invasion. Mr Putin’s military continued to advance towards the Ukraine capital of Kyiv over the weekend, but the situation escalated on Sunday when the president ordered his defence minister and army chief to ‘transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’, according to the state-owned TASS news agency. There was no direct mention of atomic weapons but the Russian term for ‘deterrence’ is widely seen as a euphemism for the country’s vast nuclear capabilities. Reacting to the news, Susanna said on Monday’s Good Morning Britain: ‘I don’t know about you and I’m sure everybody felt the same way, but there was a moment yesterday when I actually felt physically sick.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Her co-host Adil Ray revealed he had texted Susanna upon hearing about the shocking development, and added: ‘There was a moment yesterday afternoon, where I think there was a turning point and people genuinely felt very scared.’ As they broadcasted a clip of Mr Putin relaying the order to his team, Susanna remarked: ‘Even the look on their faces is a concern because [they’re saying] is this really where we’re at?’ Her co-host Adil Ray agreed: ‘They’re almost fearful of him… ‘It’s the point that he would even say that and knowing the fear it would bring to people, and that is pretty vile.’ Susanna added: ‘Even as I say it, I can feel my heart beating just that little bit faster. The world is alarmed as soon as somebody who is capable of doing what he is doing suggests that a nuclear threat is a possibility.’ In his statement on Sunday, Mr Putin said: ‘Western countries aren’t only taking unfriendly actions against our country in the economic sphere, but top officials from leading NATO members made aggressive statements regarding our country. ‘I mean illegitimate sanctions, which everyone is well aware of.’ He continued: ‘Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the Minister of Defense and the Chief of the General Staff [of the Russian Armed Forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’. Celebrities have continued to show support for Ukraine as the country continues to fight against the invasion, with actors Brian Cox, Jessica Chastain and Michael Keaton among those to show solidarity for the nation at the Screen Actors Guild Awards, which took place in Hollywood on Sunday night. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Clive Myrie reflects on his war zone reporting: ‘You see the best and worst of human nature in a conflict situation’ MORE : Euphoria: Will there be a season 3? 