John Cena has been met with fierce backlash for appearing to use Russia’s invasion of Ukraine to promote his Peacemaker TV show. The WWE legend has been criticised for a ‘tone deaf’ tweet referencing the titular character from his HBO series, who debuted on screen in James Gunn’s 2021 film ‘The Suicide Squad’ and is known for being brash and jingoistic while remaining committed to peace at any cost. Hours after news emerged that Russia had invaded Ukraine, he tweeted: ‘If I could somehow summon the powers of a real life #Peacemaker, I think this would be a great time to do so.’ Many fans slammed the actor for his tweet, particularly given that it included a sponsored hashtag for the show. One person responded: ‘I’m just saying there is never an appropriate moment to say this, especially now.’ ‘Bad time to promote a f***ing tv show. Please delete this. People are dying,’ another user wrote, as a different person added: ‘Great time to hashtag your show for trending purposes. Very insensitive don’t you think?’ One user commented on the ‘tone deafness’ of the post, and another urged him to donate money to help Ukraine. They said: ‘I hope you didn’t mean to come off as disrespectful by using this to promote your show . You don’t have the powers of peacemaker but you do have the power of money and status. Please donate to help Ukraine or spread the link to donate.’ And yet another user tweeted: ‘I understand the sentiment but using this moment to plug the show is a bit… bleh.’ Cena is yet to respond to the backlash. Ukraine president Volodymyr Zelensky said on Thursday night that 137 people had been killed with 316 wounded amid the invasion. Troops from Russia crossed the Crimea border into Ukraine on Thursday, after President Vladimir Putin gave the order for his invasion to begin. Putin has warned world leaders that they will ‘face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere. Metro.co.uk has contacted John Cena’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Arnold Schwarzenegger shares heartfelt message to Ukraine amid Russian conflict: ‘I share your grief and hope for peace’ MORE : Ukraine invasion live: Kyiv apartment block hit during overnight bombing raids 