Boris Johnson will address the nation this morning following invasion of Ukraine. The prime minister is also due to speak to G7 leaders today and has called for an urgent meeting of Nato leaders. Mr Johnson described the attack as ‘a catastrophe for our continent’ ahead of an emergency statement in the Commons later today. Ukraine’s military command warned shortly after 10am GMT that a ‘second wave’ of airstrikes was pounding the country after a few hours of relative calm. The West is readying itself to mount a response to Russia’s attack overnight, with a raft of new sanctions expected to be imposed today. A number of targets inside Ukraine were hit by missiles and gun battles are raging across the border, with troops entering the country. Ukraine’s border force said it had been attacked by Russian forces at several points and video circulated online has shown tanks rolling into Ukrainian territory. At least 40 Ukrainians are confirmed to have been killed but the interior ministry earlier said they fear the initial death toll is in the hundreds. Russia claimed to have ‘incapacitated’ Ukraine’s military infrastructure but Kyiv said it was holding the line. They claimed to have killed 50 Russian soldiers attacking the eastern town of Shchastya and to have shot down fighter jets. Mr Johnson earlier said ‘president Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine’. He spoke to Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky this morning, who has imposed a state of martial law on his country. Mr Zelensky has called for a general civil resistance and for ordinary citizens to take up arms. He said: ‘We will give weapons to anyone who wants to defend the country. Be ready to support Ukraine in the squares of our cities.’ A Downing Street spokesperson said Mr Johnson assured Mr Zelensky the West will ‘not stand by as President Putin waged his campaign against the Ukrainian people’. They added: ‘The prime minister said he hoped Ukraine could resist, and that Ukraine and its people were in the thoughts of everyone in the United Kingdom people during this dark time.’ In his most recent update, Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba said: ‘No, this is not a Russian invasion only in the east of Ukraine, but a full-scale attack from multiple directions. ‘No, the Ukrainian defense has not collapsed. Ukrainian army took the fight. ‘Ukraine stands with both feet on the ground & continues to defend itself.’ Mr Johnson also chaired a meeting of the Cobra committee this morning to receive an intelligence briefing. The government is expected to build on the initial round of sanctions announced earlier this week, which hit the assets of five banks and three named individuals. Nato envoys have agreed to further bolster air, land and sea forces on its eastern flank near Ukraine and Russia. Foreign secretary Liz Truss will meet with Russia’s ambassador to the UK and demand an explanation for ‘Russia’s illegal, unprovoked invasion of Ukraine’. She added: ‘We will be imposing severe sanctions and rallying countries in support of Ukraine.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.