Maksim Chmerkovskiy has been forced to evacuate to a bomb shelter amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The Dancing With The Stars professional is Ukrainian-American and is currently trapped in Ukraine’s capital city as Russia launches a full-fledged attack on the country. Sharing a video on his instagram stories, the father-of-one assured fans he was safe and thanked everyone for their messages of support and concern. As air sirens blared in the background, he revealed he was on his way to a bomb shelter and pleaded with Russian forces to ‘end this’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘The world is standing up, I know how hopeless and helpless everyone is feeling,’ he said. ‘There is real, major life suffering going on.’ He revealed that his friends were ‘sticking it out in the basement’ amid the attack, and their children were ‘getting sick’ from staying underground where ‘there’s no heat’. Maksim said military personnel and press were milling around the city, but insisted that while he would ‘do my best to keep you updated, I’m not a reporter, I’m just somebody who is just here, I’m stuck, that’s it. ‘I’m not moving towards the border, there’s no way.’ He paid tribute to the ‘incredible Ukrainian men and women armed forces,’ and said ‘this nation is not giving up. They’re going to be fighting’. ‘This is going to get really bad. Young men are signing up to go to f*****g war. This is very real. It’s extremely disturbing.’ The choreographer told viewers that civilians were getting into military outfits, ‘grabbing guns and going to the front line’. ‘Nobody is giving up,’ he said, warning ‘this is going to be very very bad, this is going to escalate to extreme proportions.’ Russia launched airstrikes across Ukraine in the early hours of Thursday morning, with President Vladimir Putin warning world leaders that they will ‘face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere. Maksim, 42, is married to fellow Dancing With The Stars professional Peta, and late on Thursday night, as fighting continued across the country, Peta asked for prayers from her followers. Taking to Instagram, the 35-year-old said: ‘Please pray for my husband Maks. ‘I don’t usually ask these things from my social media network, however today is extremely hard and the next few days will be even harder.’ On Thursday, a devastated Maksim shared videos from Kyiv as he looked out across the capital from a balcony, while sirens could be heard ringing out around him. In one video, Maksim teared up as he panned his camera along the city as sirens rung out incessantly. His voice broke as he told viewers: ‘Honestly, I’m getting really emotional, it’s been a little difficult. You know me, I stay strong and I don’t show it.’ Troops from Russia crossed the border into Ukraine on Thursday after President Putin gave the order for his invasion to begin. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has unveiled severe sanctions against Russian banks, oligarchs and companies following the invasion. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing With The Stars’ Peta Murgatoyd asks for prayers for struggling husband Maksim Chmerkovskiy who is stuck in Ukraine MORE : Dancing With The Stars’ Maksim Chmerkovskiy shares tearful video from Ukraine after Russia invasion: ‘I’m uneasy, I’m very scared’ 