Manchester United have entered a critical stage of the season, one which will go a long way to dictating the mood heading into a crucial summer for the club. While there are big calls to be made over the likes of Paul Pogba, Cristiano Ronaldo and Harry Maguire, no decision will be more significant than the appointment of a new long-term manager. Upon dismissing Ole Gunnar Solskjaer in November, United explored the possibility of making a quick appointment but decided to hire Ralf Rangnick as interim manager as none of their top targets were available. The German’s steadied the ship at Old Trafford, affording the board the chance to mull over their options and to take a calm approach to finding the manager to end the club’s wait for the Premier League title. After much consideration, United are believed to have finalised a shortlist of candidates. While the likes of Luis Enrique and Julen Lopetegui are candidates, Erik Ten Hag and Mauricio Pochettino are the preferred options. United hope to speak to both candidates in the coming weeks but who would be the better fit at Old Trafford? Metro.co.uk takes a look at the key criteria… Pochettino made his name in England with Southampton but he was already earning a reputation on these shores for his stint with Espanyol. The Argentine took charge of his former club in 2009, when they were in disarray and in the relegation zone. Despite managing nine of his former team-mates, Pochettino was able to quickly implement his ideas and that was evident when, after just two training sessions in charge of the side, Espanyol earned a 0-0 draw against Barcelona in the Copa Del Rey. Pochettino would go on to keep the side in the top flight that term and he recorded the club’s first win against arch rivals Barcelona the Camp Nou for 27 years in the process. Pochettino was able to quickly instill his ideas of high-pressing and high energy football, which was not as widespread at the time as it is now. It was Pochettino’s rapid development in Spain that convinced Southampton to take a chance on the Argentine and he paid them back handsomely, transforming the Saints into one of the most watchable, entertaining and tactically astute teams in the league. Pochettino’s methods mirrored his ethos at Espanyol but he had a squad that was better suited to his ideas, with the likes of Luke Shaw and Nathaniel Clyne providing cutting thrust from full-back positions, while Morgan Schneiderlin and Adam Lallana were prime examples of the high-press game that Pochettino wanted to adopt from midfield. In his first full season in charge, the Saints finished 8th – with their highest ever Premier League points tally. Pochettino was now a brand name and Tottenham moved quickly to appoint the Argentine. Despite inheriting a mess in north London, Pochettino was able to mould the existing squad in his image, even though he had no long-term plans for many members of the squad. That showed Pochettino’s ability to adapt to the players at his disposable, rather than proving a stubborn tactician. After 12 months under Pochettino, Kyle Walker and Danny Rose were unrecognisable and regarded as two of the finest full-backs in the league, while a certain Harry Kane was regularly getting on the scoresheet. Pochettino relied mainly on a 4-2-3-1 system, though he could switch to a 3-4-1-2 at times or even a 4-1-2-1-2 depending on the opponent. Spurs’ tactics were like no other side in the league but it’s been the model for the likes of Liverpool and Manchester City since. Tottenham finished third in the 15/16 season, ending the campaign as second highest scorers behind City. Pochettino’s side grew further in the next 12 months, finishing second behind Chelsea and as the division’s top scorers in the 16/17 campaign. Ten Hag shares many of the same beliefs as Pochettino but his philosophy is more possession-based than the Argentine’s, relying on many of the classic fundamentals of the Dutch national team. The Ajax boss more often than not plays a 4-3-3 formation in Amsterdam, with two traditional wingers and three midfield players with defined roles. Though Ten Hag has shown his flexibility by moving to a 3-4-3 within games, the basics remain the same regardless of the formation. Whereas Pochettino is made in the Jurgen Klopp mould, Ten Hag is more closely related to the philosophy of Pep Guardiola. The Dutchman took over at Ajax in December 2017 when the Dutch giants were in crisis but he restored their values at an eye-catching speed and guided them to within moments of the Champions League final during his first full season in charge, when a last minute winner from Lucas Moura saw Ajax exit at the semi-final stage. Pochettino rating: 9 out of 10 Ten Hag rating: 9 out of 10 One of the key criteria that the successful candidate will have to meet is the promotion of young players into the first-team. United have had an academy product in their matchday squad since 1938 – a record that is unmatched in world football. Ajax are one of the few clubs that can rival United’s famous academy and Ten Hag has continued the club’s traditions since taking charge in Amsterdam. The likes of Frenkie De Jong and Matthijs de Ligt earned big money moves to Barcelona and Juventus respectively after forming key parts of the side that reached the Champions League semi-finals. United already have one of the club’s best products in recent years in their ranks in Donny van de Beek, while the likes of Justin Kluivert, Sergino Dest and Jurrien Timber all became first-team players in Amsterdam under the Dutchman. Likewise, Pochettino has shown a strong willingness to give opportunities to youngsters. The Argentine feels younger players are more willing to bend to his tactics and more flexible to taking in new instructions. The likes of Harry Winks, Oliver Skipp and Kyle Walker-Peters were all given their debuts by Pochettino at Spurs, while Kane, Dele Alli, Eric Dier and Heung Min-Son became key components of the side at a young age. His ability to blend the side’s academy products with bargains from home and abroad produced the best Tottenham side many fans have known and it was built on a budget that was dwarfed by top six rivals. Pochettino rating: 8.5/10 Ten Hag rating: 9/10 It’s impossible to separate what happens on the pitch with what happens off it. That’s never been more apparent than the goings on at Old Trafford over the course of the last eight-and-a-half-years. United have squandered over £1bn since Sir Alex Ferguson’s retirement, with just an FA Cup, a Europa League and a Carabao Cup to show for their efforts. Solskjaer helped to clean up some of the mess during his three years in charge but with Ed Woodward vacating as executive vice-chairman, there’s a chance for a new dawn at the Theatre of Dreams and the right man is needed to oversee it. If there’s a question mark over Pochettino then it would be his dealings in the transfer market. At Tottenham and Southampton, the Argentine worked under a structure with a Director of Football or a Technical Director, so it can be difficult to judge where the credit or blame should lie. However, we know as Pochettino’s stature grew at Spurs, so too did his influence on transfers and the Argentine had a hit-and-miss record. After early successes in Toby Alderweireld, Eric Dier and Son, Pochettino demanded a greater say in transfers and Daniel Levy had little choice but to bend to his request, given his success at the club until that point. But Pochettino’s purchases of Davinson Sanchez, Serge Aurier, Vincent Janssen, Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso were all largely his calls and only Sanchez remains at the club. Pochettino has also shown an unwillingness to work within a transfer structure, with the Argentine favouring a more traditional model of having full say over incomings and outgoings. While this would have been perfect for United in the past as the Red Devils are one of the few major clubs to still favour that model, they are now moving into a new era with Richard Arnold, Darren Fletcher and Ralf Rangnick expected to have a say on transfers. By contrast, Ten Hag prefers to remain as a ‘head coach’ and is happy to operate within a greater structure. Ajax are perhaps the greatest example of this model in European football, with Edwin van der Sar and – until recently – Marc Overmars working together in unity to oversee the club’s operations above the Dutchman. Like Pochettino, separating the players Ten Hag has requested and those that were purchased for him. As well as blooding youngsters into the first team, Ajax have modernised their model in recent years by loosening the purse strings to buy players from abroad. Dusan Tadic is perhaps the greater example of this, with the former Southampton man arriving during Ten Hag’s first summer at the club. He’s gone on to score 85 goals in 175 appearances for the club and at £11m he’s proved a bargain. Ajax have tried to replicate that through the signing of Quincy Promes, who has proved a success since joining from Sevilla. Less known acquisitions such as Edson Alvarez and Antony speak volumes of the side’s scouting system and both have become regulars under Ten Hag. Pochettino rating: 6/10 Ten Hag rating: 8/10 Availability, rather than ability, has too often been the main reason behind United’s appointments since Ferguson’s retirement but there is a key difference this time in that their candidates are already in roles. Whereas Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer were all easily obtainable, Pochettino and Ten Hag are both at the helm at European giants. Pochettino joined Paris Saint-Germain midway through last season and he’s been tasked with ending the club’s wait to win the Champions League. But a failure to win the Ligue 1 title last season is a black mark against Pochettino’s name and though PSG’s public stance is that they still back the Argentine, that failure domestically has left him with little wriggle room in Europe. The club are believed to be keen on appointing Zinedine Zidane and it’s not difficult to imagine a scenario in that Pochettino is dismissed for a premature exit from the Champions League and replaced by the former Real Madrid boss. Publicly, at least, the club continue to back their manager but, having gatecrashed Europe’s elite with their aggressive recruitment strategy, they are conscious, particularly given the increasing value of their brand, of being seen to lose Pochettino to a club who can still be considered a direct rival. They are privately aware of the Argentine’s desire to manage at Old Trafford but he knows angling for the move would threaten his relationship with supporters at the Parc des Princes. It means any approach for Pochettino would be an exercise in diplomacy, as each party wants to save face. Ten Hag, by contrast, has admitted publicly that he’s ready to make the ‘next step’ in his career. ‘I think I’m ready for it [to move to a top foreign club]. I would be happy to take up that challenge,’ said Ten Hag in December. ‘But I’m not chasing it. If it turns out that that step will never come, I will not say that my coaching career has failed. But I think I have sufficient competences to take on that challenge.’ Ajax will not stand in the Dutchman’s way if he opts to leave, believing instead that Ten Hag’s appointment at a club like Manchester United would only strengthen their brand. Ten Hag is keen to manage at a club like United and feels he’s ready to compete regularly with the likes of Klopp, Guardiola and Thomas Tuchel in the Premier League. Therefore, despite the willingness on Pochettino’s side to make the move, United would find hiring Ten Hag to be a more straightforward experience. Pochettino rating: 6/10 Ten Hag rating: 9/10 While either manager would be a significant upgrade on Solskjaer, Ten Hag’s availability and nous in the transfer market makes the Dutchman a more sensible appointment than Pochettino. There’s no doubting Pochettino’s managerial capabilities and he has the benefit of having managed in the Premier League to his name but United are not savvy enough to mask his weaknesses in recruitment. Pochettino 29.5 out 40 Ten Hag 35 out of 40 MORE : Manchester United finalise managerial shortlist with Mauricio Pochettino and Erik Ten Hag leading contenders MORE : Real Madrid want to beat Manchester United to Mauricio Pochettino this summer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 