Sean Penn has been pictured attending a press briefing at the at the Presidential Office in Kyiv after he returned to Ukraine to film a documentary on the Russian invasion. The director has been filming a documentary about Russian aggression in the country and was last seen there in November 2021. Amid the invasion, he has now returned and was pictured in the front row of the briefing among reporters, wearing sunglasses as he listened intently. The Ukrainian government has expressed its gratitude for the project. A translated statement provided to Newsweek read: ‘Sean Penn demonstrates the courage that many others, especially Western politicians lack. ‘The more such people in our country now, true friends of Ukraine, who support the struggle for freedom, the sooner it will be possible to stop Russia’s treacherous attack.’ Sean, 61, previously met with Ukrainian military service personnel for his new VICE documentary. The actor and producer visited positions near the front line with Russian-backed separatists in the Donetsk area. It is reported that Milk actor’s documentary will explore how the Donbas region has been impacted by the battles with pro-Moscow rebels. The actor made the visit to the settlement of Priazov. In images shared by the Ukrainian Joint Forces Operation Press Service, the I Am Sam actor was seen wearing a helmet and surrounded by military protection. Last night Russian President Vlamdir Putin finally gave the order for his troops to invade while issuing a chilling warning to the West not to interfere ‘or face great consequences’. The country is now under heavy attack with troops pouring in and bombs heard across several cities. Ukrainian authorities have confirmed Russian boots are on the ground inside the country after gun battles and air strikes at various points on the border. The UK government has previously said it would not help Brits stuck in Ukraine to evacuate if the country does come under attack. On Tuesday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss urged British nationals in Ukraine to ‘leave now via commercial routes while they are still available’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sean Penn almost unrecognisable for Watergate drama Gaslit with Julia Roberts MORE : Sean Penn says it takes ‘cowardly genes’ to swap jeans for skirt as he talks masculinity 