A woman gave birth to a baby girl as she sheltered from Russian bombs in a Kyiv metro station. Explosions rained on the city through Saturday night as Russian forces reached the outskirts of the Ukrainian capital. Thousands of residents took cover in makeshift shelters for the second night in a row, including the heavily pregnant 23-year-old. People seeking cover alongside her were alerted by her screams as she went into labour on Friday evening. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live After an extremely stressful birth, tiny Mia was brought into the world a little before 8.30pm. Police called an ambulance and the pair were taken to hospital where they are both believed to be doing well, officer Mykola Shlapak said. Others sheltering in the station called the delivery a ‘beacon of hope’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog: Russia-Ukraine live The chairman of an upcoming conference for the eastern European, anti-corruption group Democracy in Action, Hanna Hopko, shared the story on Twitter. She said: ‘Mia was born in a shelter in a stressful environment – the bombing of Kyiv. Her mom is happy after this challenging birth. ‘When Putin kills Ukrainians we call mothers of Russia and Belarus to protest against Russia’s war in Ukraine. We defend lives and humanity!’ Mia will share her birthday with a little boy who was born in a hospital’s basement. A doctor shared photos of the mum holding her new son, explaining they had to move into the basement to deliver the baby as the maternity ward’s reception had been destroyed so badly in the bombing. The miracle births have since been passed on all over social media, with some Ukrainians saying they gave them hope. It comes as Ukraine revealed 198 of its people, including three children, have died in just two days of fighting. Some 1,115 people, including 33 children, have been wounded, according to health minister Viktor Lyashko. The Kremlin has claimed his troops are only attacking military targets but several residential blocks have been hit. In one of these attacks, a missile strike hit a hospital building in the eastern city of Vuhledar killing four civilians and wounding 10. Despite Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, warning that he and his family are Russia’s ‘number one target’, he has stayed in Kyiv and survived the invasion so far. World powers have urged Mr Zelensky to leave the country with US President Joe Biden offering to evacuate him. But Mr Zelensky refused the offer and asked for more help, saying: ‘The fight is here; I need ammunition, not a ride.’ Although the majority of international response has focused on sanctions, Nato leaders agreed on Friday to ramp up its support to Ukraine’s surrounding nations. The alliance will send part of its 40,000-strong response force to protect member states in the east amid fears they could be the next target of Russian aggression. Secretary-general Jens Stoltenberg said it was clear the Kremlin’s objectives were ‘not limited to Ukraine’ and that the alliance would ‘do what it takes to protect and defend every ally and every inch of Nato territory’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.