Besides various emergency surgeries, the first time I left my house in almost two years was to meet HRH The Duke of Cambridge last year after receiving a Diana Legacy Award for my health policy and campaigning work. The second time was to receive the award at a ceremony. At both of these occasions, I was wearing expensive FFP2 masks to prevent catching Covid-19 – except during a group photo. While taking the picture, I held my breath outside Kensington Palace, while I stood two metres in front of everyone else. As a palliative care patient and hospice user, I was terrified of being exposed to coronavirus. So when I first heard last week that people who contract Covid-19 will no longer be legally required to self-isolate from 24 February, it caused me extreme anxiety. Has the need to protect extremely clinically vulnerable people like me suddenly evaporated? Relaxing these rules will only further isolate people like me. I have Probable Mitochondrial Encephalopathy, which means I am slowly losing the ability to complete bodily functions. This makes respiratory illnesses more difficult to fight through a lack of strength in my cough. I also have Cyclical Neutropenia – a rare blood disorder that wipes out my white blood cells every 21 days to the levels of a chemotherapy recipient, which means my body is overwhelmed much more quickly and I get sicker than the average person. On top of that, I live with intestinal failure (so I can’t eat any food and have a tube that pumps it directly into my bowel), and I’m deaf, which means I struggle to communicate my needs during times of serious illness. All of these things (and more) means that even with a vaccine, I am still at a high risk of serious illness and death if I get Covid-19. My body struggles to keep working even without a virus attacking it. So even before the first lockdown was announced in March 2020, I began shielding in late February. I specifically remember turning on the news at the time and hearing a report that essentially said, ‘don’t worry, it only kills the old and those with pre-existing conditions’. This was a stark awakening for me. People clearly don’t see me as a person. The last two years have been very difficult. I have watched the rose bush outside the garage bloom and rot twice. I have seen trees populated by brand new buds turn to crunchy autumn leaves. Time feels external, as if I’m in a movie where the plot is flashing forward throughout years. Children are born, people die, the whole world has changed and yet at the same time, nothing has for me. Despite living in the same household as my parents, I didn’t see my father for 10 months as he was working as a fireman at the time. He had still been living in the house, it was just that we didn’t see each other face to face in all that time – like two satellites having to avoid each other. Today, shielding still has a cheap mundanity attached to it. If I didn’t have a clock or calendar, I wouldn’t believe someone if they said it had been two years. It’s a Groundhog Day of ‘same day, different work to be done’. I realise that many people are now desensitised to the words ‘high risk of serious illness’ and ‘death from coronavirus’, but for disabled people, it’s our sad reality. According to ONS data released this time last year, around 60% of deaths from Covid-19 have been disabled people. This confirms what many disabled people already knew – we’re cannon fodder and a drain on resources that aren’t seen as human. Now that the Government has said nobody legally needs to self-isolate – and employers have praised this move – it seems there is no going back. This confirms what I have felt all pandemic – economy over life. The risk for those with blood cancer, organ transplants and other immunosuppressed individuals feels impossibly high. Supermarkets have long since stopped providing shielders with priority shopping times, which now means that we have a situation in which somebody actively contagious could go into a supermarket, stand right next to someone who is immunocompromised (as distancing has been scrapped), and cough all over them while wearing no mask. If this is how Sajid Javid wants to thank shielders – as he wrote in his final letter to clinically extremely vulnerable people in September last year – then he is insulting our intelligence, lost loved ones, lost birthdays and Christmas celebrations. I received this letter knowing it was coming. It told us to talk to our hospital consultants, not GPs, about what we should do. There is such a huge backlog of diagnostic work to be done in the NHS now that you are lucky to be seen with a semi-urgent case. Bombarded consultants don’t have time to provide that advice. So we either continue shielding if we can, or follow the same advice as the general population, which is, at times, a lethal combination. If we want the NHS to catch up in areas such as cancer diagnoses or non life-threatening surgeries – and get back its normal operational capacity – we need to prevent the needless infection of vulnerable people. The only way clinically extremely vulnerable people would be truly safer from the threat of this virus is if the Government actually continues to provide free testing to this at-risk group, alongside provision of FFP2 masks to this cohort to drastically reduce the risk of infection and death. These better quality masks must be free, as 42% of all people in homes relying on disability benefits live in poverty. If we don’t protect at-risk people now, then where will we be in the future? Especially when we consider how debilitating long Covid can be. There are many who are only still alive today because of self-imposed shielding – seemingly without end. The only way for the Government to facilitate the ‘freedom’ of the general population and disabled people is to provide adequate protection to those who need it. That means offering protection via FFP2 mask to clinically vulnerable people like me at least have a fighting chance. Last week, I joined more than 800 young people with disabilities internationally online at the Global Disability Youth Summit, to call on governments to make the world more inclusive for young disabled people. We were able to share our experiences and frustrations, and also join together to create a Charter for Change, which demands disability inclusion in all areas of life – including healthcare and decision making. It is essential that this country is inclusive of its disabled population, because if we continue to be excluded, how are we supposed to be active in society and have good mental health? My family have been so patient over the past two years that I feel I have no choice to – at some point – break shielding. It’s the last thing I want to do – people are still dying. Hannah has started a petition calling for the free use of FFP2 masks for disabled people. You can sign the petition here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Returning to work after shielding: ‘I was convinced that if I caught Covid I’d die’ MORE : ‘People like me are still dying every day’ Vulnerable react to end of self isolation rules MORE : Couple shielding for 21 months win £300,000 on scratchcard