The Royal Opera House have cancelled a tour from Russia’s Bolshoi Ballet following the invasion of Ukraine. The Moscow-based ballet company, who were set to return to London this summer, has been called off as Kyiv was hit by air strikes and Russian fighters closed in on the capital of Ukraine. It comes as the Kremlin was also stripped of two prestigious events to be held in their country. The Champions League football final in May has been moved to Paris and September’s Formula One’s Russian Grand Prix has been cancelled. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In a statement, the Royal Opera House said: ‘A summer season of the Bolshoi Ballet at the Royal Opera House had been in the final stages of planning. ‘Unfortunately, under the current circumstances, the season cannot now go ahead.’ The Bolshoi Ballet returned to the Royal Opera House in 2019 with a three-week season of ballets presented by Victor Hochhauser. They began with Yury Grigorovich’s Spartacus, accompanied by the Orchestra of the Bolshoi Theatre – who are known as one of the best symphony orchestras in the world. The Bolshoi Ballet also performed a production of Swan Lake, The Bright Stream and Don Quixote during that time. The attack on Ukraine was launched by Russia’s President Vladimir Putin on Thursday. A multitude of celebrities and public figures have spoken out in opposition of the war and standing in solidarity with Ukrainians. Russia has also been banned from Eurovision 2022 following outrage from several countries about them competing. An anti-war movement has been growing within Russia itself, as thousands of protestors have taken to the streets in various cities this week. Police have arrested hundreds of participants. So far, over 130 people have been killed in the attacks, with hundreds more injured. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC News reporters forced to take shelter in Kyiv as it’s ‘too dangerous to be out on the streets’ amid Russian invasion MORE : Russell Kane shares harrowing story of wife’s Ukrainian grandfather as he sends love to country amid Russian invasion 