Vladimir Putin has been suspended as honorary president of the International Judo Federation (IJF) following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Putin declared war earlier this week by announcing a ‘special military operation’ to ‘demilitarize’ and ‘denazify’ Ukraine. Putin has been practicing the sport since he was a child and is a black belt. In 2012, the 69-year-old became the first Russian to be awarded the eighth dan, one of the sport’s highest honours. But the IJF has now suspended Putin’s role after Russia’s attack. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The IJF said in a statement: ‘In light of the ongoing war conflict in Ukraine, the International Judo Federation announces the suspension of Mr Vladimir Putin’s status as Honorary President and Ambassador of the International Judo Federation.’ The IJF also said this week that it is cancelled an event which was scheduled to be held in Russia. ‘The International Judo Federation announces with regret the cancellation of the 2022 Grand Slam in Kazan, Russia,’ IJF President Marius Vizer said. ‘We are saddened by the current international situation, the result of inefficient dialogue at international level. ‘We, the sports community, must remain united and strong, to support each other and our universal values, in order to always promote peace and friendship, harmony and unity. ‘The judo family hopes that the current unrest can be solved in the last moment, to re-establish normality and stability in Eastern Europe and the world, to once again be able to focus on the diverse cultures, history and legacy of Europe, in the most positive way.’ On Sunday, Ukrainian officials announced that Russian troops have entered Kharkiv, the country’s second-largest city with a population of 1.4 million. In a TV address on Sunday morning, Putin thanked Russian troops for their ‘impeccable service’. ‘I want to thank the command, the personnel of the special operations forces, veterans of the special forces units for their loyalty to the oath, for their impeccable service in the name of the people of Russia and our great motherland,’ he said. ‘I wish good luck, success and all the best to you and your loved ones.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 