Infuriated British Airways customers are now on their fourth day without their bags after touching down at Heathrow Airport over the weekend. The airline has blamed the disruption on a knock-on effect from the extreme weather conditions over the past few days. It comes after Storm Eunice battered the UK with record-breaking winds on Friday and caused travel chaos, leaving a nationwide clean-up bill in excess of £36million. This was followed by Storm Franklin, which swept the country as thousands of people were still left without power. But British Airways customers, some of whom have been waiting for their luggage since Saturday, have blamed inadequate staffing for their ruined weekends. Many who have opted to have their bags delivered by courier to their homes say they’ve been unable to get any updates – four days on. One traveller, who had crucial medication for his mother-in-law, said BA’s website has been continually crashing, having spent four hours trying to log in to list distinctive items in his luggage. The dad-of-seven told Metro.co.uk: ‘We have four suitcases so we obviously don’t know what bag number relates to which suitcase. ‘I gave them my contact details again three hours ago but I’ve had no response.’ Over the weekend the traveller from Richmond, southwest London, said his mother-in-law was taken ill as she had no medication, meaning they had to call a doctor. He added: ‘You can see how many people are affected if you look at the complaints on Twitter. There is no call centre support and the system is crashing.’ Describing the scene at Terminal 5’s baggage reclaim, another fed up customer said: ‘When we arrived it was mayhem, there were suitcases just piled up and people were desperately trying to find their luggage. ‘After waiting for a few hours we were told that unfortunately our bags would not be given to us. We were desperate, we had nothing on us, we were just speechless.’ The traveller from Malta said she was given the option of returning to the airport at 6am the following morning, which she opted for as she didn’t feel comfortable trusting her luggage with a courier. After a draining end to the day, she, her partner and mother went to their accommodation in central London, slept for three hours, then hopped in a taxi back to Heathrow at 5am. ‘There was a queue of people who were obviously doing the same thing as us – people were frustrated, people were angry,’ she added. The customer told how people were queuing up to use a phone on the wall to get through to a BA representative in the hope of finally getting their belongings back. ‘This guy was on hold for two hours, he looked at us and said they’d cut the line, so they kind of switched us off. We were waiting for absolutely nothing,’ she added. ‘We’ve been left totally clueless with no updates. It’s just a total disaster, we’re getting overwhelmed, it’s disturbing our mental health. We’re just totally desperate and distraught. ‘We call BA and it just says “this line is currently switched off”. They just don’t care. We have been trying to get them on the line for four days.’ The traveller, who was in London for a mixture of business and personal reasons, says she spent hundreds replacing her items, including business attire for meetings. Her luggage contained important documents and a key she was meant to give to someone. ‘We can’t go back home without our luggage, we might have to extend our stay here which is going to cost more money,’ she added. Her father added: ‘These passengers have been abandoned completely by BA. It is disgraceful. It is appallingly bad service and zero customer care.’ In a statement, British Airways told Metro.co.uk: ‘We are extremely sorry to all our customers who have been disrupted during the extreme weather conditions in the last few days. ‘We know we have let people down and that isn’t good enough, but can reassure our customers that we are doing absolutely everything we can to improve the situation. ‘We’re operating the vast majority of our flights as planned but due to operational issues resulting from the continuing bad weather conditions across the UK and Europe, we’re still experiencing some disruption and have had to cancel and delay a number of flights. ‘We are sorry that some customers who were able to travel have had their bags delayed, and our teams are working round the clock to reunite them with their luggage as quickly as possible. ‘Customers due to travel on a short-haul service today who want to change their flight can rebook for free on ba.com. ‘Those whose flights have been cancelled are being contacted to offer options including a full refund, and we’re encouraging customers to check the latest flight information on ba.com before heading to the airport.’ As the largest operator from Heathrow, BA said it is disproportionately affected when the airport reduces the number of aircraft operating in high winds. The airline said certain types of machinery, such as scissor lift catering trucks, jet bridges and certain baggage trucks can’t always be operated in such blustery weather, and that aircraft cargo holds can’t always be opened either. As planes were forced to abort their landings amid last week’s chaotic weather, this had a knock-on effect on disembarking, cleaning schedules, crew departure and other flights. Meanwhile members of staff had trouble getting into work or had to deal with damage to their own properties, leaving colleagues under-resourced, BA added. It said volunteers from across the airline have been drafted in to help customers at the airport, on the phones and on social media to clear the backlog. A Heathrow Airport spokesperson said: ‘We are working closely with our airlines partners to help them resolve this issue, our teams are on hand to provide passenger welfare and we apologise for any inconvenience caused.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.