Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. This week Aldi’s hot tub offer is back, and the German supermarket’s DIY and garden focus means there’s plenty for anyone who’s planning on getting green fingered as we move into spring. Aldi’s long-awaited hot tub offer is officially back, with this Intex Spa Pool available for £399. It comes with 135 bubble jets, heated air bubbles, and 795L capacity, as well as headrests, test strips, and an insulated and lockable cover. Available online only from today. Whether you’re a DIY enthusiast or work in the building trade, we all need a good toolbox to keep everything together. This option costs just £22.99, and has 21 compartments over three tiers for small items like nails as well as larger tools. Get yours in store or online from today. Even a balcony or small yard can be turned into a relaxing space for gardening. At £34.99, this potting bench comes in natural or grey toned wood, and makes your plants a focal point. Display them, hang your tools on the side, and get growing. Available to pre-order on the Aldi website now, and in stores from Sunday February 27. Continuing the garden theme, this mini greenhouse should keep your plants safe from the current weather we’re experiencing here in Britain. With four tiers and a sturdy cover, your germinating and propagating will be a breeze. Pre-order on the Aldi website now for £26.99, or get in stores from Sunday February 27. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : This is how much you should actually be spending on wedding gifts MORE : Cyberskills training to be offered to thousands of schoolchildren