Deborah Meaden has explained her decision to still wear a mask despite government guidelines being updated, after being questioned by followers on Twitter. The Dragons’ Den star shared a photo of herself wearing a mask, writing on Twitter: ‘Me going about my business today and every day until I hear a Science based argument on why wearing a mask is no longer needed to protect those more vulnerable than me…#wearamask.’ One follower replied, writing: ‘Respect your choice, but please respect others choice aswell [sic]. Restrictions have made my medical care almost impossible. So there’s many sides to this story not just two.’ Deborah, 63, responded: ‘I do… but it’s hard when my sister with MS who is confident, Independant [sic], Aline and in a wheelchair is advised not to go out because she is highly immune suppressed. I see the personal cost and wearing a mask seems such a small thing to do to help.’ Multiple sclerosis, or MS, is a condition that can affect the brain and spinal cord, causing a wide range of potential symptoms, including problems with vision, arm or leg movement, sensation or balance. Another folllower told Deborah: ‘Surely you’d want to hear a science based argument on how a cloth mask helps protect anyone first.?’ She replied: ‘No. It’s such a small inconvenience I will do it in the absence of trials… as there haven’t been any…. Just loads of differing opinions.’ One more said: ‘You do know there’s a million things out there more severe and deadly than covid…..how was your sister going out pre covid????’ with Deborah replying: ‘Which highly contagious Pandemic are you talking about?’ In England, face coverings are no longer required by law. The government suggests that you continue to wear a face covering in crowded and enclosed spaces where you may come into contact with other people you do not normally meet. Currently, mask wearing is still a condition of carriage on Transport for London, but London Mayor Sadiq Khan has said he expects to lift this. He said: ‘Following the government dropping all legal Covid restrictions, and in light of falling infection levels in London, it is expected that wearing a face covering will no longer be a condition of carriage on the TfL network. ‘However, we know that face coverings remain a simple, effective measure that give Londoners confidence to travel, and following clear advice from public health advisers, TfL will likely continue to recommend their use on the network.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dragons’ Den star Deborah Meaden furious as entrepreneur lets slip nickname: ‘Did you just call me Deb?’ MORE : Dragons’ Den: What happened to Deborah Meaden’s arm? 