Russia’s invasion of Ukraine marks the start of one of the most significant conflicts Europe has seen since the end of WW2. A country with one of the biggest armies in the world – and the most nuclear weapons – has invaded a sovereign nation with far fewer resources to defend itself. The invasion puts Vladimir Putin’s country on a war-path with Nato in what is being dubbed by some as ‘Cold War 2’. In a chilling address the Russian president warned those thinking of ‘interfering’ will ‘face consequences greater than any you have faced in history’ in what many considered to be a not-so-subtle reference to his country’s massive stockpile of nuclear weapons. The US and UK have ruled out putting troops on the ground to help in the defence of Ukraine but are helping to arm the country’s military. Amid heightened tensions, here Metro.co.uk looks at the firepower that is at Russia’s disposal and how it compares to countries in the west. According to the latest estimates, Russia has the largest stockpile of nuclear weapons in the world. Its current tally stands at 6,257, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. The stockpile is higher than the US which is estimated to have 5,550 nuclear weapons at the last count. Together both countries retain more than 90% of the world’s nuclear weapons, far higher than France, which has 290, and the UK with 225. However a significant proportion of both countries’ armories are retired and are awaiting being dismantled. Both the US and Russia has around 1,500 warheads each which are actively deployed – for example on missiles or submarines. In 2019, both Moscow and Washington withdrew from the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty which limits each country to no more than 1,550 deployed nuclear warheads. No, there were nuclear weapons in Ukraine when it was part of the Soviet Union but the country agreed to destroy them when it joined the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 1994. At the time, Ukraine held about one third of the Soviet nuclear arsenal and much of the means of design and production for making the bombs. Throughout the Cold War, nuclear conflict was prevented by ‘mutually assured destruction’, the principle that if one country fired a nuke and the other retaliated then both would be destroyed. Although tensions came to a head on several occasions – most notably during the Cuban Missile Crisis – MAD assured nuclear war was averted. The principle still applies today although there are several different factors at play including the rise of China as a nuclear power. In 2020, Vladimir Putin endorsed a new nuclear deterrent policy for Russia. It allows him to use atomic weapons in response to a conventional strike targeting the nation’s critical government and military infrastructure. For the first time this meant that a non-nuclear attack was included as a possible trigger for Russian nuclear retaliation, apparently sending a warning signal to the U.S. Most experts still predict that nuclear war would never happen, due to the risks on all sides. But many have accused Vladimir Putin of acting irrationally in Ukraine so far and his next moves – including how far he is prepared to push Nato – are far from clear. MORE : Maps reveal how much of London would be vapourised in a nuclear attack MORE : Shocking photos show the aftermath of Russia’s overnight attack on Ukraine Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.