Pancake Day is the one day of the year you can eat dessert for breakfast, lunch and dinner with no side-eyes whatsoever. Whether you prefer a traditional lemon and sugar topping or an American-style maple syrup and bacon number, there are hundreds of pancake recipes out there to make your mouth water this Shrove Tuesday. If you’re bored of the classic crêpe, or want to get yourself out of your pancake-shaped comfort zone, why not look to other cultures for a Pancake Day treat? Soufflé pancakes are incredibly popular in Japan. Made using soufflé techniques (as the name suggests), these pancakes are a far cry from the humble French crêpe. These pancakes are thicker than even your average American variety and their centres are as fluffy as a cloud. Want in? Here’s Dr. Oetker failsafe Japanese Pancake recipe to try this Pancake Day. To serve 1. Sift together the flour, baking powder and caster sugar into a large mixing bowl. 2. Then, pop the egg yolks in a measuring jug with the milk, 1tbsp sunflower oil and ½ tsp of vanilla paste and whisk together. 3. Place the egg whites in a mixing bowl and whisk using an electric hand whisk to stiff peaks. 4. Whisk the milk mixture into the dry mix until smooth and gently fold in the egg whites a third at a time until combined. 5. Lightly brush a lidded non-stick frying pan and the inside edges of 2 x non-stick 3.5cm high crumpet rings with a little sunflower oil. 6. Place the rings in the pan over a low heat and fill ¾ of the way up with the batter (it’s better to transfer the batter into a jug and pour into the rings). 7. Put the lid on and cook for 10-12 minutes or until bubbles appear on top and the edges of the batter appear to be set. 8. Using a pair of tongs, clasp around the side of the rings and flip the pancakes over to cook the reverse side for 2 minutes (use a spatula to help flip the pancake if needed). 9. Run a knife around the edge of the rings to help release the pancakes then pop the pancakes in the oven or cover with foil to keep warm until all your pancakes are cooked. 10. Mix together the maple syrup and vanilla paste, top the pancakes with a knob of butter and drizzle over the maple syrup and sprinkle with some fresh berries or some chopped nuts for some extra flavour. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the tastiest pancakes to celebrate Shrove Tuesday MORE : Easy four-ingredient gluten-free pancake recipe for Pancake Day MORE : When is Pancake Day 2022 and why do we celebrate Shrove Tuesday?