Dancing With The Stars professional dancer Maksim Chmerkovskiy has revealed he was arrested in his home country of Ukraine during the Russian invasion. The 42-year-old performer was in the capital city Kyiv filming World of Dance UA when Vladimir Putin launched an invasion on the country last Thursday (February 24) and has been sharing updates from the ground. Maksim said that his arrest was the ‘least traumatising’ part of his experience and went on to add that he is focussing his attention on fleeing Ukraine. ‘The streets are crazy,’ he shared in a five-minute video posted to his Instagram page. ‘At one point I got arrested but again all good, promise. ‘That was probably the least traumatising moment in this whole thing as far as Ukraine is concerned, but for me, it was just a reality check.’ Ukrainian-born Maksim – who lives in the United States with his wife and fellow Dancing with the Stars pro Peta Murgatroyd with their five-year-old son Shai – also explained that he is going to try to leave. He continued: ‘I’m going to try to make my way out, start trying to get close to the border. I’m just trying to stay focused. I have options. ‘My options are better than most people’s, unfortunately. I’m a little nervous to be honest with you, but I think it’s going to be all right. Well, I know it’s going to be okay.’ This latest update comes after Maksim was forced to evacuate to a bomb shelter on Friday. Sharing a video on his Instagram stories, the father-of-one assured fans he was safe and thanked everyone for their messages of support and concern. As air sirens blared in the background, he revealed he was on his way to a bomb shelter and pleaded with Russian forces to ‘end this’. ‘The world is standing up, I know how hopeless and helpless everyone is feeling,’ he said. ‘There is real, major life suffering going on.’ Maksim previously shared his concerns after becoming trapped in Ukraine in a teary video. ‘This is the reality,’ he said. ‘I’m in Kyiv, contrary to what I probably should’ve done a while ago, and not that no one saw this coming, but everybody was hoping that the finality of this situation would be averted, that there wasn’t going to be these kinds of aggressive measures. ‘I want to go back home [to the US]. And I realise that I have the way to — I realise that I have a different passport, and my family is far away. ‘I’m uneasy, I’m very scared … but I do know, at the very least, I have a chance. I have a passport and a way out. A lot of people here do not, and it’s fu*king nonsense.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 