Snow is set to hit parts of Britain hot on the heels of three named storms in one week. Dudley, Eunice and Franklin battered the UK with gale force winds, flattening trees and bursting river banks with torrential downpours. Although some areas enjoyed pockets of calm and sunshine today, we are not out of the woodworks yet. Northern regions can expect some rain tonight while things stay fairly settled in the south. The wet weather up north is forecast to turn into very windy, longstanding showers which will eventually develop into snow tomorrow night. The Met Office has issued wind and snow warnings for Newcastle and the surrounding areas, most of Scotland and much of Northern Ireland. A Met Office spokesman told Metro.co.uk we are expecting around 5cm of snow to build up in ‘even in low ground’. He said: ‘The high ground is where there will be the biggest accumulations, with up to 30cm in the Grampians. ‘The mid-to-lower ground in the north of England and Wales will largely be a wintry mix of rain, sleet and snow.’ Up to 10cm of snow could gather in the Pennines in Yorkshire by Thursday. Although the south will stay settled, especially in the southeast, milder showers are expected over the next few days. Nevertheless, temperatures are set to drop for the entire country. The spokesman added: ‘It’s worth noting that this is largely a return to more “average” conditions for the time of year, as we’ve had quite a mild winter so far.’ The whole of the UK can expect to see a break from the wintery weather on Friday – when things should clear up south and north. But this could be short-lived as clouds move back in from the west and things get windy and wet just in time for the weekend. The recent storms have wreaked havoc on Britain, taking the lives of at least four people. Eunice brought record-breaking winds of 122mph, which decimated the roof of London’s O2 Arena, toppled trees onto cars and knocked people off their feet in the streets. As many as 30,000 homes still had no power on Monday afternoon, after days of disconnection. The upcoming wet weather could slow down recovery work in areas where there has already been flooding. The Environment Agency issued two severe flood warnings today, with 108 warnings and 113 alerts. Ironbridge in Shropshire and Bewdley in Worcestershire are thought to be most at risk as the River Severn threatens to overwhelm flood defences. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.