Is your dog sick of the same old chews and toys? Why not treat them to a monthly subscription box to take the hassle out of finding them new stuff? There are lots of different boxes on the market, catering for all budgets – some containing treats and toys, with others containing only treats – so there’s bound to be one suitable for your pet. Plus, they might even make your pet warm to the postman. We rounded up some pooches to review eight of the best subscription box options. There’s a lot to draw you in with Postman Pooch – boxes are tailored to your dog, you get a free premium subscription to VidiVet online veterinary support (worth £10/month), a handmade dog bow tie with your first box, and poo bags every month. Plus, you’re sent an extra gift in your third, sixth and twelfth box, and if your dog doesn’t like one of the treats? They’ll be sent a replacement in the next box. There are different plans to choose from, from £14/month for three items, £20/month for five items and £25/month for five items with a tough toy upgrade. You can cancel at any time. Joey received the £20/month box, which was Valentine’s themed and super cute – PostmanPooch also sends themed boxes for other months such as Christmas, Halloween and your dog’s birthday. His favourite item by far was a plush ‘tugger’ toy in the shape of a gin bottle, but he also got Denzel’s valentine’s hearts (which he loved), a Happypet chocolate flavoured dog chew toy, PawBakes Bakies (cupcakes for dogs), Good Boy ‘bone’ treats (big fan of these), Beco poo bags and his bow tie (which was too small for him, unfortunately). Joey’s owner absolutely loved the box but said she’d prefer it as a one-off gift, rather than a monthly delivery. Order the PostmanPooch box here BrewBix biscuits are upcyled from craft brewery grain and yeast, and made with all natural ingredients. Delivered in plastic-free, recyclable packaging, they’re also carbon negative, as the company offsets twice the amount of carbon used to make them. Bobby loved the biscuits and his owner thinks £6 is good value, but she’d only buy a box every now and then, as the contents are the same each time. There’s currently an offer to get a free BrewBix box with code FIRSTBOXFREE. Order the BrewBix box here Ultimutt sends five items in each box, and products are sourced from UK suppliers and wholesalers, working with smaller companies, to support local. Stanley received three toys and two bags of treats – raw salmon skin twirls and seaweed tubes. He loved the salmon ones but spat the seaweed treats out. Stanley can’t eat chicken but luckily, Ultimutt was happy to cater for his sensitive tummy. This little Boston terror (not a typo) absolutely loved the toys, though his owner did send us a message regarding one of the more questionable looking ones, asking: ‘Why have you sent my dog a butt plug?’. We reckon £22.99 is pretty good value for this haul. The great thing about this box is that you can also order bi-monthly (for £27.99/box) or as a one-off for £29.99. Ultimutt donates 25p from each box sold to Barking Mad Dog Rescue. Order the Ultimutt box here Roxxi’s boxes contain organic, superfood treats, specially made for dogs. All treats are grain and gluten-free, containing free-range meat – perfect for fancy pets whose owners want to avoid suspicious ingredients. Subscriptions start at £24/month for three types of treats, up to £35/month for five. You can cancel any time, and can also order one-off boxes, or individual types of treats. Kate received the most expensive box, containing liver bites, meaty sprinkles, ‘night-night stars’ (calming treats containing chamomile and passionflower), meaty paste and beef jerky. However, Kate is pretty fussy and only liked two of the treats – she devoured the liver bites, but wouldn’t eat any of the ones containing more unusual ingredients, like turmeric. At £35 (with a value of £48.99) the box isn’t something her owner would purchase again, as it’s out of her budget (and Kate didn’t enjoy the treats) but it’s a great way of saving if your dog is into Roxxi’s treats. Order the Roxxi’s box here The great thing about Woofbox is how customisable it is. You can either order a random box – tailored to the age and breed of your dog – or give specifics, such as preferred type of toy (plush or tough), whether you want treats and/or chews, and if your dog has any faves/allergies. Pretty neat. The cheapest way to Woofbox is to pay every six months in bulk, which works out at £21.75/box. You can also pay every three months in bulk, at £22.50/box, or pay monthly at £24.50/box. Each box contains five to seven items, with at least one toy. Poppy received a whopping five types of treats, including blueberry and peanut butter treats (which she loved) ‘venison’ sausages and special doggy crisps, which she enjoyed down the pub with her humans. She was also sent a ball and a plush toy, which she absolutely adored. Her owners loved the variety in the box and would order again. Order the Woofbox here DogBox Boutique offers two types of boxes – the original, which contains five items (two toys, two healthy snacks and one surprise item) or the deluxe, which contains seven (two Kong brand items, a pamper item, a surprise item and treats). The original starts at £18/month for 12 months paid in bulk, and the deluxe starts at £28/month. There are also slightly more expensive three and six month options, as well as a one-off. Watson’s deluxe box contained a Kong plush toy, Kong poo bags, balls, chews, dog popcorn, a collapsible dog bowl and Animology dog shampoo. He enjoyed everything except the popcorn, which he hated. His owner loved the deluxe box but thinks it would be better as a one-off gift box, as she wouldn’t require items like that every month. However, if you have multiple dogs? Could be perfect. There’s an offer on where you can order your first original box for £10 and deluxe box for £15, which is a great way to test them out. Order a DogBox Boutique box here BusterBox promises healthy treats and fun toys, sourced from the UK and Ireland. Each box is tailored to your dog, with a different theme each month. You get a free TAPO home camera when you sign up (so you can spy on your pooch) and all subscribers get free access to VidiVet online veterinary support. Boxes are usually valued at over £35, and prices start from £19.99/box on a 12-month plan, £21.99/box for six months or £29 as a one-off. Our aptly-named tester, Buster, received three toys and three types of treats. His owner loved that the toys were all different materials – there was a rubber snake, a tough animal toy and a cute plush lion, which was his favourite. He loved the tough toy, which he carried around for a while before discovering the squeaker in the plush toy, becoming obsessed. Treats included were peppermint and charcoal training-size treats (which Buster wasn’t sure about at first, but grew to love), a pack of dried chicken fillets with added joint support, and a large dental chew. Buster’s owner is a veterinary nurse, so was impressed that the treats were suitable for sensitive tummies. Buster’s owner loved the box but would prefer if there was an option to order quarterly. Order a BusterBox here Collar Club is a sustainable, eco-friendly subscription box, which includes five to eight items each month. It will always contain treats, chews and a toy (you can request a more durable toy at for no extra cost), topped up with natural grooming products, accessories and other sustainable goodies. You can even let them know if your dog has allergies. The great thing about Collar Club is that you can choose to order monthly, bi-monthly or quarterly, and the price per box is the same (some companies charge more if you order less frequently). Harry received a braided ‘tugger’ toy and five types of treats, including probiotic superbites, salmon and sweet potato crunch bites, a heart-shaped biscuit, braided lamb chews and a box of absolutely adorable dog cakes, which she loved. Her owner liked the box but would have preferred more toys, as Harry is only small, so can’t eat that many treats. Because of this, it’s something he’d only order as a one-off, but thinks it would suit larger dogs, or households with multiple dogs. A percentage of profit from each box goes to their Collars for Shelters programme, which provides collars and bandanas to dogs in need. Order a Collar Club box here This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Are GPS dog trackers worth buying? We put four to the test MORE : London’s Shangri-La The Shard now offers luxury holidays for dogs – here’s our review MORE : Vets warn against using purple shampoo to whiten dogs’ fur