Beloved children’s cartoon Arthur came to an end earlier this week after 25 years and 253 episodes, much to the disappointment of fans. The cherished television show, based on the book series by Marc Brown, was the longest-running children’s animation having first aired in 1996. It was a staple watch for so many growing up, with Arthur, D.W., Buster and the gang transforming the childhoods of many around the world. ‘It just kind of grew and grew, certainly beyond our wildest expectations,’ Brown exclusively told Metro.co.uk as he reflected on its success. ‘It’s been an amazing adventure and I’m so grateful.’ We caught up with Arthur fans and creator Brown to celebrate the show’s incredible 25 seasons, while we patiently wait for more details on the feature film with John Legend. Rebecca, 35, grew up watching Arthur and now enjoys watching the cartoon with her three-year-old daughter. ‘It was something I used to watch with my brothers and laugh and learn from at the same time,’ she recalled. For Rebecca, the diverse characters in Arthur became something she found important after becoming a parent. ‘My partner and I are really conscious when we look at the TV now, we want to show our daughter things that we used to watch and there’s not much diversity at all. A brown aardvark as the lead protagonist is quite uncommon. In the 90s, you had other shows like Recess and Hey Arnold and they were all predominantly white-ish characters. It’s nice to show my daughter now that there is a main character who is of colour. I know Arthur is an animal, but it’s still something the kids can identify with.’ Brown explained that he chose to make Arthur about animal characters because it ‘levelled the playing field’. ‘Any child could step into this world and identify with any character they felt strongly connected to,’ he said. ‘From the very start, we wanted Arthur’s world to grow exponentially from the books. We had to create this very full rich world for each of these characters and we wanted them to be a slice of life. Not all of them lived in comfortable situations, some lived in apartment buildings, some had divorced parents, and it represents life and that’s what art should do.’ But it’s not just the diversity of the characters that has been important to fans. ‘Not only does Arthur demonstrate the diversity we’re looking for as a lead character, but the themes in the storylines are quite relatable,’ Rebecca added. ‘It’s gentle as well. There was an episode around cancer and around bullying and the show explored these themes in a really light way. I think we still need to be sensitive with the little ones, but still expose them to issues.’ One such example of storylines pushing the boundaries aired in season 22, which saw Mr Ratburn come out as gay and marry Patrick the aardvark in a heartwarming same-sex wedding. ‘We started out with the idea that Mr Ratburn would get married,’ Brown recalled. ‘Then we realised that we had an opportunity to push the boundaries a little bit, so we went for it and we prayed PBS would get behind us and let us do it. ‘I was so proud of that episode because again, it represents real life. The way that it was done was all about kids loving their teacher and wanting their teacher to be happy, that’s really what the story was about. That he married another man was incidental.’ The response from the episode was 99.9% positive, Brown shared. He revealed that young adults approached him and thanked him for ‘putting a part of the world on television confirming that we are all human’. ‘I think it was a confirmation of growing up and figuring out where you fit in the world,’ Brown added. ‘We are all in this marvellous mess together and I wish everyone would just realise the sooner we can accept each other the better off we’re going to be.’ It’s not just Rebecca who has revisited Arthur in adulthood as 30-year-old Chloe has also enjoyed fondly looking at old episodes on YouTube. ‘Arthur was my favourite show growing up,’ she told us. ‘From its iconic theme tune to never really knowing what animal Arthur was. It was only years later that I found out he was an aardvark, but it didn’t really matter. I’ll always remember racing home after school to grab a juice box and packet of crisps and settling down with the latest Arthur episode.’ ‘For me, the girls really were the stars of the show,’ Chloe added. ‘They always made out that D.W was “the bossy one” but really, she was just a feminist icon. I loved how Francine didn’t care to be stereotypically girly and honestly…I really wanted Muffy’s princess lifestyle. They were all strong female characters in their own way.’ ‘Arthur will always have a special place in the nostalgia department of my heart,’ Chloe admitted. ‘I’m sad it’s aired its final episode!’ Although born after Arthur first aired, broadcast journalism student George, 19,  watched Arthur with his sister every morning. ‘I remember every day, I’d get ready for primary school and my sister and I would watch it,’ he shared. ‘It was the first thing that would come on CBBC in the morning, and I remember we used to have the TV on before the actual show began; then eventually you would hear “every day when you’re walking down the street”. That was always the start of my day.’ George enjoyed the life lessons that encompassed episodes of Arthur. ‘At school, you’re always taught right from wrong and I just remember Arthur showed you the consequences of actions in a harmless way. Arthur brilliantly showed that your actions do have consequences. ‘I’ll miss it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 