Chantel Mila – who goes by Mama Mila online – is a human treasure trove of handy home tips, from how to save money by making your own cleaning products to tips for getting your sheets smelling extra fresh. The influencer’s latest tutorial should take the sting out of one of the more menial chores we have to do: cleaning the sink. It’s that last step in your kitchen routine that pulls all your hard work together, but it can be a faff to shine stainless steel and remove tarnishing. Plus, because a sink is in near-constant use, it’s often an afterthought to give it some TLC of its own. Chantel’s method makes things simple, with just four steps to get your basin sparkling in no time. Sharing the how-to on Instagram, the mum-of-two first gives the sink a wipe and then drizzles it with washing up liquid. Next, she dusts baking soda over the top of the gel and uses a microfibre cloth to mix them together and buff off any stains. The abrasive qualities of the baking soda helps lift limescale, while the grease-cutting capabilities of the dish soap makes light work of water marks. A rinse of the bowl is the third step in Chantel’s routine, followed by pouring a cup of baking soda down the drain and flushing through with some more water. This wonder ingredient – a regular on Mama Mila’s feed – is absorbent and should deodorise any lingering odours down the drain for the final step. In Chantel’s video the sink looks absolutely spotless, and we aren’t the only ones who think so. Followers flocked to comment, with one saying: ‘This really works. Yes I love a shiny sparkling basin and taps.’ Another wrote: ‘I did this… I was in shock how my old dingy sink looks so bright and shiny.’ It may not be a fun chore, but ticking it off your housework list in the simplest way possible should stop you putting it off. The sink is where you clean, but   needs a clean too, at least every once in a while. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman shares quick hack to get creases out of trainers MORE : Your dog can grieve – here are the signs to look out for