Jamal Edwards fans flocked to his hometown of Acton last night to pay tribute to the late SBTV founder following his death. The entrepreneur died on Sunday morning at the age of 31 following a ‘sudden illness’, his mother Loose Women presenter Brenda Edwards confirmed. On Monday night, large groups of devastated supporters surrounded the mural of Edwards, which was recently erected on Acton High Street in the area where he grew up in west London. Videos show the mourners rapping freestyles in the style of his iconic online music platform SBTV and consoling each other at the candlelit vigil. Edwards was proud of the mural and shared an Instagram photo of his close friend Ed Sheeran posing beside it in December. He wrote in the caption: ‘Took my brother Ed @teddysphotos to visit my mural in the ends! #Acton – thanks for the support as always family.’ Edwards rose to prominence after setting up SBTV in 2006, and was credited with helping to launch a string of UK music acts to stardom, including Sheeran, Dave and Jessie J. His heartbroken mother confirmed his death in a statement on Monday, which said in part: ‘It is with the deepest heartache that I can confirm that my beautiful son Jamal Edwards passed away yesterday morning after a sudden illness. ‘Myself, his sister Tanisha and the rest of his family and friends are completely devastated. He was the centre of our world.’ Friends have since claimed Edwards died of a ‘sudden heart attack’ at the home he shared with his mother Brenda in Acton. A former school friend told the Mail Online: ‘The details are still not clear but we’ve been told that it was a heart attack. ‘He was out DJing on Saturday night and eventually got home in the early hours of Sunday morning. The family are still trying to come to terms with it all, but we’ve heard that his mum found him in his bedroom and called an ambulance.’ ‘We’ve heard from relatives that he had a sudden heart attack but what caused it, I just don’t know. I saw him a couple of days ago and he was absolutely fine, laughing and joking,’ another pal shared. A spokesperson for the London Ambulance Service confirmed to Metro.co.uk that they were called at 9.34am on Sunday, and responded to ‘reports of an incident’ in Acton. ‘We sent an ambulance crew, two paramedics in fast response cars and an advanced paramedic in critical care to the scene,’ they said. Tributes have poured in for Edwards, with Jessie J writing in a heartfelt Instagram post: ‘Your light Your ideas Your love for your Mum and your sister Your work ethic Your dedication to making a difference not just in this industry but in this world Your laugh Your laugh 💔 Your care for every person you met was unmatched. ‘But your friendship… Phew. That’s why my heart is broken. We had plans bro. I can’t believe this is real. I love you @jamaledwards.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jamal Edwards ‘died of sudden heart attack at mum Brenda’s house’ hours after final DJ set, heartbroken friends say MORE : Jamal Edwards’ legacy will live on through his youth charity, says organisation boss: ‘He had big ambitions to help more children across London and the UK’ 