Tennis world number one Daniil Medvedev says he wants to ‘promote peace’ all around the world after his home nation Russia launched an invasion of neighbouring Ukraine. Russia has spent months amassing soldiers along the Ukrainian border and president Vladimir Putin instigated a full scale violent assault on multiple cities in the early hours of Thursday morning which has drawn furious condemnation from the international community. Some Russian people have reacted with protests in cities including Moscow and St. Petersburg, and various national celebrities have condemned the violence. Now US Open champion Medvedev says he is in favour of peace rather than war. ‘By being a tennis player I want to promote peace all over the world,’ the 26-year-old said after defeating Japan’s Kei Nishikori at the Mexican Open. ‘We play in so many different countries. I’ve been in so many different countries as a junior and as a pro. It’s just not easy to hear all this news. I’m all for peace.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Last week world number seven and fellow Russia Andrey Rublev partnered with Ukrainian player Denys Molchanov to win the Open 13 Provence at Marseille, and Medvedev says that spirit of collaboration between the nations is the right way forward. ‘This was amazing because I think people need to stay together and that’s the most important,’ Medvedev said, referring to the partnership between the two players. ‘In this moment, you understand that tennis sometimes is not that important. It was definitely not easy to play and I am happy that I managed to win the match. That was a little bit of a roller-coaster day.’ Rublev, meanwhile, is playing in a singles tournament in Dubai and spoke of the pain he feels about the situation facing Ukraine. ‘In these moments you realise that my match is not important. It’s not about my match, how it affects me. What’s happening is much more terrible,’ he said. ‘You realise how important [it] is to have peace in the world and to respect each other no matter what, to be united. It’s about that. We should take care of our earth and of each other. This is the most important thing.’ Zverev kicked out of Mexican Open after hitting umpire’s chair in furious rage ‘I was humiliated!’ – Djokovic slams Australian Open interview after vaccine comments For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 