A tank has been filmed crushing a moving car in the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv before reversing back over it, as the Russian invasion of the country continues. The shocking footage shows the tank driving over the vehicle as it travels down a road in the city’s Obolon district, with the driver still inside at the moment of impact. Additional video shows people rushing to the car after the incident, with the elderly driver alive and trapped inside. A local resident who shared the footage with The Independent told the outlet the video was of ‘Russian “liberators” on the streets of Kyiv [crushing] the cars of civilians’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The Ukrainian ministry of defence later confirmed its forces had chased down ‘an enemy sabotage and reconnaissance group’. ‘Horrific rocket strikes’ hit the city in the early hours of Friday – the second day of the incursion – with top diplomat Dmytro Kuleba tweeting the last time the capital ‘experienced anything like this was in 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany’. He wrote: ‘Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one. Stop Putin. Isolate Russia. Sever all ties. Kick Russia out of [everywhere].’ The country’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, has vowed to stay in Kyiv, despite saying he has obtained information suggesting he is Russia’s ‘number one target’. He said in a video message: ‘[The] enemy has marked me down as the number one target. My family is the number two target. ‘They want to destroy Ukraine politically by destroying the head of state. I will stay in the capital. My family is also in Ukraine.’ Zelensky’s spokesperson has also said the Ukrainian president is willing to hold ceasefire and peace talks with Russia ‘immediately’. Meanwhile, in his latest televised address, Russian president Vladimir Putin called on Ukraine’s army to revolt against ‘druggies and neo-Nazis’ in Kyiv, making unsubstantiated claims they were holding citizens ‘hostage’. Putin previously said the invasion would lead to the ‘demilitarisation and denazification of Ukraine’. Soliders from Russia have reportedly been said to have been seen heading towards Kyiv clothed as civilians in an attempt to infiltrate the city under the cover of being refugees. Some are understood to have done so in Ukrainian military vehicles. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.