A young brother and sister were killed when a van smashed into their stationary car on a motorway hard shoulder, an inquest heard. Gracie-Ann Lucas, four, and brother Jayden-Lee Lucas, three, were sat in the back of their family car coming home from a birthday party when it was hit by van driver Martin Newman, 41. Last week, Newman admitted causing their deaths by dangerous driving and he will be sentenced on April 8. An inquest has now been opened and adjourned into the deaths of the two children. It will continue once criminal proceedings have concluded. The hearing in Newport today heard that the siblings, also known by the surname Wheaton, had been in the car with mother Rhiannon Lucas and her partner. The car had pulled over onto the hard shoulder of the M4 near Newport in South Wales when it was hit by the Ford Transit van on February 5. Both children suffered multiple injuries and died later in hospital. A post mortem carried out by Dr Stephen Leadbeatter found Gracie-Ann died as a result of multiple injuries at 4.45am the following day. Brother Jayden-Lee was also rushed to the University of Wales Hospital in Cardiff but died five days later. A post-mortem examination found he died as a result of a blunt force head injury. He was identified by his parents. Newman, of of Croeserw, South Wales, admitted two counts of causing death by dangerous driving related to the incident near Tredegar Park. He also pleaded guilty to causing serious injury by dangerous driving to mum Rhiannon Lucas at Cardiff Crown Court. The inquest in Newport heard was adjourned by senior coroner Caroline Saunders for a date to be fixed. Newman will be sentenced on April 8 before Judge Daniel Williams. Tributes were paid to Jayden-Lee and Gracie-Ann and following their deaths. In a family statement, cousin Jamie Lucas, 19, from Abergavenny, said: ‘He was wonderful, creative and a kind soul. Turned the grey skies blue. ‘She was so young. She had a bright future ahead of her. She was such a wonderful child.’ Headteacher Huw Waythe, of Deighton Primary School, described them as two ‘special children.’ He said: ‘Everyone at the school is immensely sad to hear of the passing of a second pupil following a road traffic collision on February 5 2022. ‘Our thoughts remain with members of the family, and words cannot adequately express the shock and pain which they must be feeling. ‘We are shocked and saddened by the loss of two of our own. We will never forget how special the children were to our school community. ‘They both put a smile on all our faces daily. They were a delight to have and both always lit up any room with their positive personality and beaming smiles. ‘Gracie-Ann and Jayden-Lee’s lives will continue to be celebrated and remembered by us all. They both have a special place in our hearts and Deighton Primary School will never forget them. ‘We will support each other through this, seeking and providing further specific professional assistance for those pupils and staff who find this time the most upsetting. ‘We ask that you give us your support by allowing us some time to process our thoughts and feelings.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.