A ‘depraved’ paedophile with a dirty nappy fetish has been jailed for 14 years after being caught in an online sting discussing sick plans to rape a baby. Lee Haughton, 46, told an undercover police officer how he was ‘into role-playing, age-play and diapers’. He also expressed his desire to abuse an infant, which he described as ‘the ultimate’ fantasy and something that had not previously been ‘accessible’ to him. Haughton was branded ‘abhorrent’ after he pleaded guilty to making indecent photographs, possessing prohibited images of kids, and conspiring to commit a child sex offence. Sheffield Crown Court heard he started talking to the undercover officer in an online chat room in June last year. Despite being ‘initially cautious’ and asking her to prove she wasn’t a cop, Haughton soon opened up about his disgusting fantasies, saying he ‘really likes nappies’ and had ‘always been into water sports’. He also told her he had previously stolen dirty nappies from a supermarket bin. Haughton was arrested as he travelled to an address he believed to be the officer’s home on June 30 last year. He was found to have a bag of sex toys with him. Judge David Dixon said he was in ‘no doubt’ Haughton would have abused the fictional baby. Branding him ‘dangerous’, the judge imposed an extended 14-year sentence, ordered Haughton to sign the sex offenders’ register for life and imposed a life-long sexual harm prevention order. He commended the undercover officer for her role in exposing Haughton’s offending, saying her conduct was ‘exemplary’ and deserved recognition for living a role ‘too horrible to contemplate’. Speaking after the hearing, Detective Sergeant Dave Devey said Haughton was a ‘depraved sexual offender’. He said: ‘Haughton is a depraved sex offender who appeared to be obsessed with the idea of abusing young children for his sexual pleasure. I am pleased he is now behind bars where he belongs. ‘This significant sentence should also serve as a warning to other sick individuals who think they can hide in the shadows online. ‘We are determined to make the internet a safer place for children in our communities – and we are proactively pursuing online offenders like Haughton every single day. ‘We will find you, and you will face the consequences of your sickening actions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.