With fears growing of a new conflict in Europe billed as the worst since World War 2, maps have shown how much damage bombs could cause if fired from Russia. Online tool ‘Nukemap’ and its sister site ‘Missilemap’ – built by nuclear historian Alex Wellerstein – show the potential catastrophic outcomes if east-west tensions ever did result in WW3. A weapon already in Russia’s arsenal – the Topol (SS-25) – could for example kill nearly 1 million people and injure another 2.2 million if dropped on London. The blast range of the 800kt bomb would engulf the entirety of the city, with its effects being felt from Enfield in the north right down to Croydon in the south. Those living in the inner-ring of the capital would likely suffer third degree burns so strong they would destroy a person’s pain nerves. The Tsar Bomba – the most powerful nuclear weapon ever tested by the then Soviet Union in 1961 – would cause far more damage to the city. Nukemap estimates a bomb of this size could kill 5.7million and injure a further 3.4million. An area stretching from Bedfordshire in the north to Burgess Hill in the south would be caught up in the fallout. A 100mt version of the bomb that was designed but never tested would cause even more damage. Russian president Vladimir Putin has been flexing his nuclear muscles recently amid increased tensions with the west over Ukraine. He spent Saturday watching massive nuclear drills, which involved multiple practice missile launches. Earlier this month Mr Putin gave a chilling warning that conflict in Europe would be inevitable, if Ukraine were allowed to join Nato. He said the alliance would inevitably be drawn into a fight before reminding the world that his country is still ‘one of the leading nuclear states’. But Nukemap shows US and UK bombs could cause as much damage to Moscow – should they ever be used. The B-83, the largest weapon currently in the US’s arsenal, could kill 1.3 million and injure 3.7 million if dropped on the Russian capital. A W-76, a weapon common in the UK and France’s arsenals, could kill 250,000 and injure 1 million. The massive 15mt Castle Bravo – the largest bomb the US has ever tested – would not only kill or injure nearly 8 million but could result in radiation spreading nearly 1,000km away from the blast site. According to the Federation of American Scientists (FAS), Russia’s has a suspected nuclear arsenal of 6,257 warheads. With 5,550, the US has slightly less and its Nato allies France and UK have 290 and 225 respectively. MORE : Three mega-rich Russians to be targeted by UK in reaction to Ukraine invasion MORE : Boris reveals sanctions against Russia and says Ukraine faces ‘full scale war’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.