Peaky Blinders star Sophie Rundle admitted she found it ‘terrifying’ knowing so far in advance how the BBC series was set to end – but wasn’t able to tell anyone about it. Peaky Blinders finally returns to our screens on Sunday night, as viewers will find out what happened after that tense season five cliffhanger. While viewers know Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) survives his ordeal – after pointing a gun to his head in the previous finale – it’s not yet known how he’ll move forward. With the show managing to keep much of the plotline under wraps, actress Sophie revealed how difficult it is to stay quiet about what’s to come. On being asked what it was like to read through the finale scripts for the first time, she told Metro.co.uk at this week’s premiere: ’It’s always really exciting! ‘It’s always really terrifying that you know something that loads of people want to know, and I’m such a blabbermouth, I can’t tell everyone what happens.’ She went on to explain: ’But they were great, I was pregnant at the time and then [the team] were like, “Look, these are your scenes all put together just to make it easier for you.” ‘Then they sent me all the scripts, and it’s just so much fun to read them but you get all the scripts together. It’s like a novel. It’s been brilliant!’ The star also went on to share that while she knew what was set to unfold, she hadn’t actually seen it on-screen just yet. The Ada Shelby actress explained she finds it difficult to watch herself on screen and said she ‘never’ does. She told us: ‘I never watch it, I can’t bring myself to, so watching it in a massive cinema is really intimidating. ‘It’s a strange one because I’d just had my baby when we came back to film, so I don’t really remember a lot about the time when we were filming, She went on to joke: ‘It’s all going to be quite a revelation to me!’ Sophie, 32, gave birth to her first child over the Easter weekend in 2021 who she shares with partner Matt Stokoe. The Gentleman Jack actress and her fiancé Matt have been together since 2016 after they met on the set of Jamestown, where she played Alice Kett and he starred as James Read. The star hasn’t shared the name of their young son but regularly shares adorable snaps with the tot on her Instagram page. Peaky Blinders returns on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight invites Tom Holland to join film after Spider-Man star was rejected in audition MORE : Peaky Blinders season 5 finale recap: From Tommy Shelby’s humiliation to Alfie Solomons’ shock return from the dead 