Sky News presenter Kay Burley apparently isn’t a fan of leopard print after telling Adele to ‘ditch the coat’ while giving her verdict on the star’s recent outfit. Adele, 33, enjoyed a date night with boyfriend Rich Paul on Sunday at the NBA All-Star game in Cleveland, Ohio. The Easy On Me singer looked chic in a designer leopard print coat and what appeared to be a matching top underneath. However, broadcaster Kay wasn’t a fan of the look and gave her critique while hosting her Sky News breakfast programme on Tuesday. ‘Adele and her boyfriend getting cosy courtside at an NBA All-Star basketball game in Ohio on Sunday,’ Kay informed viewers. ‘She looks happy [doesn’t] she? According to the Express, the rumour is they’re planning to tie the knot but the ring that sparked the murmurings earlier this month was nowhere to be seen as the singer keeps people guessing.’ However, she then swiped: ‘She looks very happy indeed. Ditch the coat though love, not sure about the coat,’ before moving onto the next story. Kay was right about Adele looking smitten as she was pictured snuggling into her sports agent boyfriend, 40, as they sat courtside during the star-studded basketball game. They were also seen happily holding hands while leaving the venue before heading to Rich’s after-party for his agency Klutch. The couple began dating last year following Adele’s divorce from husband Simon. Things have been going well for the couple as the Hello singer recently revealed her plans to have a baby next year, while also fuelling engagement rumours when she was seen wearing a diamond ring on her left hand at the Brit Awards this month. When pressed about the engagement buzz on the Graham Norton Show, Adele said: ‘As if I would ever tell anyone if I was or wasn’t [engaged]!’ Showing off the ring, she added: ‘Lovely though, isn’t it?’ Graham then added: ‘I have to say, as a casual observer, it looks like you are,’ to which Adele laughed loudly and added: ‘Alright!’, giggling as Graham joked: ‘I’m taking that as a yes!’ Adele then revealed that she wants to have a baby in 2023 after rescheduling her Las Vegas shows, and said: ‘The sooner I can announce the better, but I just can’t in case we are not ready in time. It is absolutely 100% happening this year. It has to happen this year because I’ve got plans for next year.’ She then dropped the bombshell comment: ‘Imagine if I have to cancel because I am having a baby!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Garraway and Derek Draper secretly flew 11,000 miles to Mexico for treatment: ‘He’s desperate to get better’ MORE : Moment Kate Garraway’s husband Derek Draper moves arms to hug son for first time since being ravaged by Covid revealed in new ITV documentary 