Kate Garraway has revealed she and husband Derek Draper made a secret trip to Mexico in the hope of getting him specialist treatment to aid his recovery from the ongoing effects of Covid-19. Derek, 54, had been one of the worst affected by the coronavirus pandemic, becoming ill in March 2020 and spending a year in hospital, much of which was in an induced coma to help his body fight off the infection. The former lobbyist was left with damage all over his body, including kidney failure, holes in his lungs and damage to his heart and liver. Kate revealed that they had made the 11,000-mile trip after lockdown restrictions were eased as Derek is ‘desperate to get better’ having been left needing round-the-clock care. The couple had met with a world-renowned American doctor in Monterrey, who’d got in touch with them after seeing Derek’s battle on TV. A specialist travel nurse was on hand to ensure Derek’s safety on the long journey after he had undergone multiple tests to check he was fit to make the journey, with Kate revealing he was ‘aware of what was going on the whole time.’ He’s undergone oxygen and pressure tests ahead of the 16-hour flight to check that his body would be able to cope with flying on such a long journey. She told The Sun: ‘It took weeks and weeks of planning, and when I told Derek about this place he was excited. He is just so desperate to get better – he will do anything he can to make that happen. ‘I think actually there’s a huge amount of hope for him to improve. I think the treatment could be positive. I want to be slightly careful about saying too much, because I’m aware everybody will go, “What is the trial?” ‘And I don’t want to start something, offering up false hope to others who might be in a similar position. ‘But I’m just so desperate to be able to give a happy ending — for Derek mainly, but also for everybody who asks me every day how he’s getting on.’ The couple are yet to know how the treatment will affect Derek and are awaiting the final analysis of the scans, but are planning another 28-day stay for further treatment next month. Kate says there have been ‘a lot of positives’ towards Derek’s recovery despite an early brain scan showing patches of white which a neurologist told her was usually seen in patients with vascular dementia. Viewers will get to see more about Derek’s battle with the after-effects of coronavirus in the couple’s new documentary, Caring For Derek, which will air on ITV tonight at 9pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Moment Kate Garraway’s husband Derek Draper moves arms to hug son for first time since being ravaged by Covid revealed in new ITV documentary MORE : Kate Garraway reveals husband Derek Draper is ‘heartbroken every morning’ as he battles with Covid recovery 