Ever fancied having a tipple while taking in the stunning sights of the capital? Well now you can. London’s high-flying pub is back with a bang as the London Eye reveals its Pub Pod is returning this February. The experience is in partnership with Irish whiskey brand Jameson, and will open just in time for St. Patrick’s Day in March). Opening on February 25, the newest rendition of the Pub Pod will see one of the attraction’s 32 pods given a makeover inspired by Jameson’s Irish heritage – complete with fully functioning bar, dartboard, wooden barrel decor and dark green accents creating an intimate, traditional pub 135m above the London skyline. Guests at the Pub Pod will be offered a choice of two of the brand’s most popular drinks: the classic Jameson ‘signature serve’, JGL – Jameson, Ginger and Lime, and the new Jameson Orange Highball, balancing the smooth taste of Jameson with notes of zesty orange. Not a whiskey fan? Pub Pod guests can also choose from a selection of beers and wines to toast the city skyline. Sunny Jouhal, General Manager at the lastminute.com London Eye, says: ‘Our Pub Pod is always popular with guests, so we’re thrilled to be teaming up with Jameson to offer a traditional Irish twist on the experience. ‘With the Pub Pod open in time for St Patrick’s Day, guests can enjoy the celebrations while taking in the city’s breathtaking sights. And the Irish spirit will continue flowing into the summer, as we welcome visitors to join us for a whiskey serve in the capital’s only rotating pub.’ The Jameson Pub Pod will be available on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays from February 25 until June 5, and will be open from 12pm-5pm. Tickets cost £57.50 per person and include two drinks and Fast Track entrance. Pre-booking is essential and bookings must have a minimum of two guests. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman warns people to check skin after beauty mark on lip turns out to be cancer MORE : Britain to experience cat ‘explosion’ as neutering falls to lowest level in nine years MORE : Half of Black women in senior management have resigned ‘due to racism at work’