Helen Mirren, Will Smith and the cast of Squid Game are among the big winners of the 2022 Screen Actors Guild awards. The prestigious awards ceremony took place on Sunday at the Santa Monica Barker Hanger in Los Angeles, and featured a star-studded guest list and some incredible looks. A highlight of the 28th annual SAG awards was Dame Helen Mirren being handed the lifetime achievement award for her contribution to the industry, after a decades-long career of acclaimed roles. The 76-year-old has five SAG wins and received 13 nominations over the course of her impressive career. With an Oscar, three Emmys, a Tony, numerous Baftas and holding the title of  Dame of the British Empire, the actress is the most decorated SAG lifetime achievement award winner in history. Meanwhile, Will Smith was honoured for his performance as Richard Williams, father of Venus and Serena Williams, in King Richard. The actor picked up the award for outstanding performance by a male actor in a leading role, beating out the likes of Benedict Cumberbatch and Andrew Garfield. He became emotional during his acceptance speech, and paid tribute to the real-life Richard, who he said has ‘a a power of belief that borders on insanity and sometimes tips over the border, which is absolutely necessary to take something from impossible to possible.’ And Squid Game, the series that took the world by storm when it exploded on to Netflix last year, won no less than three awards, proving it still holds more than a little power over us. Lead actor Lee Jung-jae won the outstanding performance by a male actor in drama series, while Jung Ho-yeon clinched the outstanding performance by a female actor in a drama series award. The show itself was honoured with the award for outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a television series, beating out tough opponents including Cobra Kai and Loki. It made history earlier this year by becoming the first foreign-language and first Korean TV series to receive a nomination, and has now made history again by becoming the first of its kind to win the award. The drama will be returning for season two, with creator Hwang Dong-hyuk recently stating that they were ‘almost left with no choice’ to continue the story due to ‘so much demand’. Elsewhere at the awards, Jessica Chastain won the outstanding performance by a female actor in a leading role for her work in The Eyes Of Tammy Faye, while awards also went to Dopesick, Succession and comedies Hacks and Ted Lasso. Kate Winslet was honoured with the outstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or limited series for her role in The Mre of Easttown, weeks after scooping a Golden Globe for the acclaimed series. And Daniel Craig’s final outing as James Bond was recognised with the award for outstanding action performance by a stunt ensemble in a motion picture, beating the likes of major superhero flicks Black Widow and Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings. MORE : All the SAG Awards 2022 red carpet fashion you need to see MORE : SAG Awards 2022: Brian Cox supports Ukraine in passionate speech after Succession win 