Peaky Blinders star Sophie Rundle teased the possibility of another cliffhanger while chatting at the premiere for season 6 in Birmingham. Peaky Blinders has been away from our screens for over two years, but it finally returns on Sunday night where fans will catch up with the Shelby clan one final time. The end of season five saw Tommy Shelby (Cillian Murphy) moments away from taking his life after being humiliated by his enemy Oswald Mosley (Sam Claflin) Tommy was seen pulling a gun against his head and screaming after following a hallucination of his late wife Grace Shelby (Annabelle Wallis) into a field, before the screen cut to black, leaving viewers unsure whether he had survived the ordeal. While he’s now confirmed to be back in a big way in season six, it seems viewers might be given yet another cliffhanger this time around. Speaking to Metro.co.uk at the premiere, Sophie hinted there could be another uncertain ending to come when the show concludes in a few weeks time. On what would most surprise viewers about the ending, she said: ‘It always ends on a cliffhanger, doesn’t it? ‘You don’t quite know like how they’re going to come back from it, how they’re going to top it but they always find a way!’ With a Peaky Blinders film already in the works, it’s not out of the question viewers might be left in an ambiguous place after the finale. But fans will have to wait a little bit longer to see exactly how writer Steven Knight chooses to say goodbye to the world of Peaky, for now. Elsewhere, the Ada Shelby actress also revealed just how difficult she finds it to watch herself on screen and said she ‘never’ does. She shared: ‘I never watch it, I can’t bring myself to – watching in a massive cinema is really intimidating. ‘It’s a strange one because I’d just had my baby when we came back to film, so I don’t really remember a lot about the time when we were filming.’ Sophie went on to joke: ‘It’s all going to be quite a revelation to me!’ Well, we definitely can’t wait to watch the drama unfold. Peaky Blinders season 6 begins on Sunday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peaky Blinders’ Finn Cole ‘convinced’ finale is ‘one of the best endings of a TV show’ ahead of season 6 MORE : Peaky Blinders series 6: Cillian Murphy reveals gruelling regime to transform into Tommy Shelby: ‘I hate it’ 