A fierce battle for the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv is underway, with Russia claiming it has cut the city off from its allies. After an early-morning barrage of explosions rang out around the city, gunfire was heard near government buildings amid reports of Russian saboteurs attempting to topple the democratically-elected government. In a video message from his bunker, Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, said Russia had deployed special forces to abduct him and his family. He has vowed to stay in the city but may now have no choice as the invading force said it seized the capital’s main airport, following 36 hours of fighting which saw it change hands twice. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Russian soldiers were said to have been seen heading towards the city in civilian clothing to try and infiltrate under the guise of being refugees, some in captured Ukrainian military vehicles. After hearing gunfire in his residential neighbourhood on Friday morning, an eyewitness told the AFP news agency he witnessed a Ukrainian tank crush a civilian car equipped with a mounted gun. The Ukrainian ministry of defence later confirmed its forces had chased down ‘an enemy sabotage and reconnaissance group’. Pictures showed locals peering into the flattened black four-seater after the area was secured. Ukrainian soldiers have taken up positions on bridges and artery roads, while civilians have been told to hurl makeshift petrol bombs at any Russians who break through the defenses. Kyiv’s mayor, former heavyweight boxing world champion Vitali Klitschko, said the city is now ‘entering a phase of defence’. Ukraine’s defence ministry posted on social media: ‘We urge citizens to inform us of troop movements, to make Molotov cocktails, and neutralise the enemy’. Air raid alarms have also sounded in a number of areas in the city, with citizens told to make their way to nearby shelters as armoured vehicles rolled through the streets. Lucy Vashaka, 20, a worker at a hotel whose basement has been repurposed as a bomb shelter, said: ‘We’re all scared and worried. We don’t know what to do, what’s going to happen in a few days.’ The forces who have reportedly entered the city already are believed to have massed in the northern neighbourhood of Obolon, a residential area about 9km north of Kyiv’s parliament. US intelligence officials believe Vladimir Putin is planning to put Kyiv under siege before replacing the democratically-elected government with a puppet regime. President Zelensky, who plans to remain in Kyiv despite being Putin’s ‘number one target’, repeated his calls for global leaders to toughen their sanctions against the Kremlin and its cronies. Speaking to a video meeting with EU leaders from what appeared to be a bunker, he said: ‘If you don’t help us now, if you fail to offer a powerful assistance to Ukraine, tomorrow the war will knock on your door.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.