Ukraine’s Elina Svitolina insists she will not be playing Russian opponent Anastasia Potapova at the Monterrey Open amid the ongoing conflict in her home country. The No.1 seed for the tournament took to social media to call on the likes of the Women’s Tennis Association and the International Tennis Federation to take action against Russian athletes following Wladimir Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine last week. While the likes of FIFA have banned all Russian football teams from competing and Formula One have cancelled the Russian Grand Prix this year, tennis’ governing bodies have remained silent. Svitolina says she doesn’t hold anything against her Russian opponent but will refuse to play her in Tuesday’s match. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Posting on Instagram she wrote: ‘Dear all, I believe the current situation requires a clear position from our organisations: ATP, WTA and ITF. ‘As such we – Ukrainian players – requested to ATP, WTA and ITF to follow the recommendations of the IOC to accept Russian or Belarusian nationals only as neutral athletes, without displaying any national symbols, colours, flags or anthems. ‘Accordingly, I want to announce that I will not play tomorrow in Monterrey, nor any other match against Russian or Belarusian tennis players until our organisations take this necessary decision. ‘I do not blame any of the Russian athletes. They are not responsible for the invasion of our motherland. ‘Moreover, I wish to pay tribute to all the players, especially Russians and Belarusians, who bravely stated their position against the war. ‘Their support is essential.’ The WTA is yet to respond to Svitolina’s comments and it remains unclear who will progress into the next round. On Monday the International Olympic Committee urged the heads and governing bodies of all sports not to allow athletes or officials from Russia or Belarus to participate in any organised international competitions. A statement from the IOC read: ‘We are committed to fair competitions for everybody without any discrimination. The current war in Ukraine, however, puts the Olympic Movement in a dilemma. ‘While athletes from Russia and Belarus would be able to continue to participate in sports events, many athletes from Ukraine are prevented from doing so because of the attack on their country. ‘This is a dilemma which cannot be solved. The IOC EB has therefore today carefully considered the situation and, with a heavy heart, issued the following resolution: ‘In order to protect the integrity of global sports competitions and for the safety of all the participants, the IOC EB recommends that International Sports Federations and sports event organisers not invite or allow the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes and officials in international competitions.’ MORE : Ukraine tennis icon Sergiy Stakhovsky gives emotional interview as he vows to fight Russia MORE : Russian tennis star Daniil Medvedev is ‘all for peace’ after Vladimir Putin launches Ukraine invasion For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 