Will Smith truly got the best of both worlds following his Screen Actors Guild Award win, with the actor getting a kiss from wife Jada Pinkett Smith as well as a hug with Denzel Washington. The Hollywood icon won his first Sag Award for best actor following his performance in King Richard during the star-studded awards ceremony on Sunday. However, the real special moments happened after the show when Will, 53, celebrated his incredible win with his nearest and dearest. The Fresh Prince of Bel Air star proudly clung onto his new SAG Award while sharing a kiss with wife Jada, 50, backstage. It’s one of the few high-profile red carpet appearances they’ve made together since opening up about their marriage problems during the pandemic. In the now-infamous Red Table Talk interview, Jada confessed to having an ‘entanglement’ with singer August Alsina when she and Will were on a break. Naturally, red carpet presenter Laverne Cox couldn’t resist the chance to make a quip about the term which Jada coined. The Orange Is The New Black actress said: ‘Thank you, we can’t wait for more Red Table Talk and more entanglements…’ ‘No more of those,’ Jada replied as they laughed through the awkward moment. Later during the night, Will managed to catch up with his longtime friend and mentor Denzel, who beamed like a proud dad when the actor scooped his first Sag. Denzel, 67, was seen swooping Will up into a big bear hug as they raucously celebrated his career milestone. They were pictured engrossed in an animated conversation and Will kindly spilled the tea on what they discussed while later chatting to People. He revealed: ‘We’ve spent a lot of time together. So we’ve been talking, he’s always been a mentor for me and he grabbed me and he said, “This is your year”. ‘He just hugged me and he said, “I’m so happy for you. Just love who you’re becoming”.’ Will added: ‘He knew me years ago, I would go to Denzel for advice so he’s seen me through the years and he was just telling me how proud he is of who I’ve become and what I’ve become. He was saying that he felt like a weight was lifted off of his shoulders somehow.’ MORE : Laverne Cox reminds Will Smith of wife Jada Pinkett Smith’s ‘entanglement’ with August Alsina in awkward SAG Awards red carpet chat MORE : SAG Awards 2022: Andrew Garfield, Michael Douglas, Brian Cox and other stars support Ukraine over Russian invasion 