A former US Army medic providing life-saving training to Ukrainians has said Russian forces are ‘in for a world of hurt’ in the battle for Kyiv. David Plaster told Metro.co.uk Vladimir Putin’s troops face ‘hellfire’ in the fight for the capital, where gunfire and air raid sirens could be heard today. Mr Plaster, who has trained thousands of Ukrainian citizens and soldiers in tactical medicine, spoke on the second day of a multi-pronged invasion launched by Vladimir Putin in Ukraine. The Russian President’s troops are reportedly on the outskirts of the city, with social media footage appearing to show Russian tanks in Obolon, around 5.5miles from the centre. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Mr Plaster, who has been in Ukraine for 10 years, has provided the basic training through Anomaly, his non-governmental organisation. The ex-combat medic said: ‘We’ve been preparing for this for months, we’ve been training people, we’ve trained more than 2,000 Ukrainians in medicine since the beginning of the year. ‘We’re not waiting for the government to do anything, we’re training people to save lives, and now they train other people. ‘Anyone can take a life, I know this, trust me, but to save a life, it’s not an automatic switch in your head.’ Mr Plaster, 38, views the full-blown invasion as the continuation of the conflict with Russian-backed separatists in Ukraine’s eastern Donbass region that has taken place since 2014. He believes he is the first Westerner to serve with the defending nation in the combat zone, where heavy fighting has also been taking place after Moscow’s troops poured over the border. Mr Plaster now plans to head out in Kyiv with a team providing battlefield medicine as the Russian forces begin to encroach on the capital. ‘They are in for a definite world of hurt,’ he said. ‘My advice to Russian soldiers or the families of Russian soldiers is to desert now, because it’s only going to end in hellfire. In the interest of saving lives, Russians go home.’ Mr Plaster, who lives in the Borshchahivka suburb, is a well-known figure in Kyiv actively involved in community projects. He intends to continue leading his team, no matter what fire the invading forces unleash on his home city. ‘Some people run away from danger, some people run towards danger,’ he said. ‘The purpose is to save lives. Anybody can take a life, some people want to save lives. This is my home.’ Mr Plaster is among Western expats who have remained in Ukraine despite advice from their governments to leave the country issued before the full-blown invasion began on Monday. He told Metro.co.uk he has trained more than 25,000 Ukrainians to date, including through a NATO-standard, military medical training programme within the national guard of Ukraine. ‘I stopped taking orders from the President of the United States 10 years ago,’ he said. ‘I appreciate the recommendation Mr President. ‘With all due respect, keep the aid coming, keep the Javelins [surface-to-air missiles] coming, these boys paid attention in those lessons, and there’s confirmed 10 upwards Russian helicopters down and more than 15 tanks and counting.’ Gunfire was reported by the Associated Press news agency near the capital’s government quarter today, with air raid sirens heard across the city. ‘We’re all helping out our neighbours,’ Mr Plaster said. ‘We have the luxury of our passports maybe to leave, but we have families, we have friends, we have a life here. ‘I’ve been training my brothers and sisters for almost 10 years now to defend their home, not to be the aggressor but to be the defender.’ The UK’s Defence Secretary said today that Russia has so far lost more than 450 personnel and failed to take any of its major objectives. Ben Wallace told Sky News that the British government believes Putin wants to ‘invade the whole of Ukraine’ but is behind his ‘hoped for timetable’. Ukraine said it had suffered 137 military and civilian deaths on the first day of the conflict. The Kremlin declined to say how long the invasion will last and that its demands on Ukraine – including a commitment that it will not join NATO – remain the same. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.