Green Day have become one of the first acts to axe their upcoming concert in Russia, in protest against the Ukraine invasion. The American Idiot hitmakers were due to perform at the Spartak Stadium in Moscow on May 29. However, the band announced the tour stop is cancelled amid President Vladimir Putin’s destructive decision to invade Ukraine last week. In a statement, Green Day explained: ‘With heavy hearts, in light of current events we feel it is necessary to cancel our upcoming show in Moscow at Spartak Stadium. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘We are aware that this moment is not about stadium rock shows, it’s much bigger than that. But we also know that rock and roll is forever and we feel confident there will be a time and a place for us to return in the future. Stay safe.’ The band, consisting of Billie Joe Armstrong, Mike Dirnt and Tre Cool, are due to kick off the tour with a North American leg on May 19 in Tampa, Florida. With the Russian date scrapped, it will then begin its European stint on June 1 in Berlin, Germany, with UK dates kicking off in London later that month. The tour is set to conclude on September 24 at the Firefly Music Festival in Dover, Delaware. Several other artists have shows scheduled to take place in Russia this spring, including Bring Me The Horizon, OneRepublic, Saint Jhn, YungBlud and Khalid. Geoff Meall from London-based agent for Paradigm Agency, told Variety: ‘We’ve got [multiple] acts due to be going there from next month right through the summer — rock acts, alternative acts, a lot of electronic artists as well. ‘As it stands, I can’t see any of those shows being able to happen. Ukraine is an obviously an active war zone so it’s impossible to do a concert there, and with Russia, first, every government is advising its citizens not to go there unless it’s essential business — rock and roll probably wouldn’t be considered that — but more, a lot of artists wouldn’t want to be seen as supporting the actions of that government at the moment.’ Last week, it was announced that Russia would not be allowed to compete in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 following outrage from several countries about their involvement. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Will Smith tearfully thanks King Richard co-stars as he accepts first-ever SAG Award for best actor: ‘One of the greatest moments of my career’ MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Kristina Rihanoff apologises and insists she ‘doesn’t support Vladimir Putin’ after Ukraine invasion tweets 