My wife and I aren’t usually big on public displays of affection. Once though, we held each other’s hands in the middle of town. It was a fleeting gesture of support – nothing more than a few seconds. Before we knew it, we heard women’s voices close behind us. They seemed to be quoting scripture. At first, we didn’t really register what was going on. Shrugging it off, we kept walking. In town, it wasn’t unusual for preachers to be out spreading the word of the Lord, so we assumed it was just that. However, the dialogue didn’t stop. It turned out that two women, having seen us holding hands, were following us around while loudly reciting biblical verses. It didn’t seem like a friendly thing to do. Eventually, we ducked into a shop to shake them off. By the time we ventured back outside, they’d gone. Shaken, we berated ourselves for being silly enough for holding hands in public – even if it was just for a second. We couldn’t quite believe what had just happened; could it really be so frowned upon, in this day and age, to be in a relationship with someone of the same gender? It took us both back to those early days in the 90s, when reactions to our relationship had left us paranoid over everything from how closely we stood together, the language we used and the clothes we were wearing. We were both hyper vigilant by the time we stepped back into the shopping centre, and constantly looking over our shoulders. Sadly, no matter how much of society believes we have LGBT+ equality, there are still plenty who believe it’s wrong to love someone of the same gender. We’d made the simple mistake of taking our ‘freedoms’ for granted. We weren’t in the US, walking past Westboro Baptist Church. We were nowhere anyone might deem ‘dangerous’ for people in a same sex relationship. This was Peterborough. Quite literally, middle England. In 2022, it’s fair to say that most level-headed, open-minded people assume the fight for LGBT+ equality is a thing of the past. We can marry. We can adopt. Nobody’s supposed to discriminate against us. Except they do. Trouble is, the more we talk about the challenges, the more those who don’t see any problem become frustrated. Surely, if these people truly are allies, they’d understand and help to spread the message further, rather than taking it so personally. Back in 2019, I was asked to deliver a TED talk about this. The event organisers wanted me to talk about LGBT+ equality and the challenges still faced. I referred to this phenomenon of allies not noticing homophobia and inequality as the ‘liberal blind spot’. Because they don’t see any issue with consensual relationships across the LGBT+ spectrum, they don’t realise that homophobia is still an prevalent and, all too often, it’s assumed that the LGBT+ community are needlessly perpetuating drama. It’s not really surprising when we consider that so much of the outside world is seen through a social media and online lens and, of course, algorithms will fill our feeds with opinions similar to our own. This is how I came up with the phrase ‘liberal blind spot’ – it’s a perfect description of what’s happening. So many of those wonderful people who genuinely believe love is love are unwittingly being shielded from the rise in hate crimes and homophobic attitudes, simply because of the way the media and social channels share information. During my talk, there were audible gasps as I shared statistics, backed up by some of my own experiences. Afterwards, people came to me visibly moved – some in tears – to thank me for shining a light on the reality of the situation, and to share their own frustrations at having not understood how much homophobia still exists in the world. At the time of delivering that talk, the Home Office had logged 103,379 hate crimes across England and Wales – having more than doubled since the 2012/3 report. Of course, that figure applied to all hate crimes, including racism, disability, religious, trans and gay. Remember that only takes into account those reported though. I went on to talk about surveys from LGBT+ anti-abuse charity Galop, which showed that one in 10 believed gay people were dangerous to society, and that we could be cured. Galop’s 2020 Online Hate Crime report showed that eight in 10 LGBT+ people had experienced abuse online, two in 10 removed any LGBT+ information from their profiles or left social media altogether, six in 10 had been threatened with physical violence and four out of 10 had been threatened with sexual violence or death. On top of that, among those targeted, five in 10 had experienced online hate more than 20 times and one in five had experienced more than 100 incidents. When that TED talk went live, I experienced a number of awful comments on my own pages and on TED’s YouTube channel. This was the moment I’d been both dreading and feeling proud of – it’s a great feeling to know such a powerful piece of commentary is about to go live on one of YouTube’s most popular channels, but I was also feeling a sense of trepidation about opening myself up to potential abuse so publicly. When the unpleasant comments started to flood in, I forced myself to stand in my power as much as possible, to step up to the plate and educate – and do my best to understand what was perpetuating the hatred. We cannot move forwards without balanced dialogue, and I wasn’t prepared to speak up and run; I needed to keep the conversation going now I’d opened that can of worms. Did my mental health take a battering? Of course. It’s one thing to know homophobia exists, and another to actually put ourselves into the line of fire for the greater good. Knowing there were people who actively despised me simply because I loved someone of the same gender was a bitter pill to swallow and this took my understanding to a whole new level. I experienced bouts of tears, anxiety, and wondered whether I should have politely declined that opportunity to take the stage. Against the advice of friends and online connections who had seen the abusive and ignorant commentary, I attempted to talk to as many as possible, invite them to explain their thought processes and answer their questions as best I could. It wasn’t easy, but I felt duty-bound to listen and learn, just as I hoped they might be willing to open their minds and hearts to me. Of those who were willing to speak to me, the majority of issues came down to generational beliefs, religious indoctrination and plain old ignorance. I genuinely do not believe anyone is born hateful – I believe hatred is learned. Unless we’re brave enough to enter into dialogue, to listen, to understand, and to create a level conversation, the hateful teachings are likely to continue. Before lockdown, my wife and I were taking part in a ‘free hugs’ event, again in Peterborough. Free hugs events were part of a global movement – the act of offering hugs, in public places, as random acts of kindness – selfless offerings simply to help others feel better. It wasn’t a ‘gay’ event – there were plenty of straight people as well – and, though my wife and I don’t necessarily fit into a stereotype, weren’t waving rainbow flags or wearing ‘nobody knows I’m a lesbian’ T-shirts, it must be fairly obvious to see we’re together after 24 years. It’s important to point that out because, of everyone there that day, I was singled out by a guy who, somehow, managed to back me up against the wall of a shop. ‘You’re a lesbian, aren’t you?’ he demanded. I remember feeling threatened, doing my best to avoid his questions and leave, but he just kept pressing. When I reluctantly answered with a nod of my head, he held me there for what felt like hours (but would have been minutes), quoting the bible and lecturing me on morality. When I finally returned to the group, I shared what had happened with those closest to me, then got back into the event. I felt shaken and was on full alert, but I was determined not to allow the actions of one person negatively impact our potential to spread a little joy, happiness and support to so many others that day. If I think back to all those incidents that just didn’t feel serious enough to report, I’d have to include three men – on separate incidents – forcing their tongues into my mouth to show me what I’m missing, a stranger in Brighton shouting at us that we should all be shot, and the men in a pub who tried to chat us up and then demanded we snogged to ‘prove’ we were gay (we didn’t, of course). Then there were the lower level, run-of-the-mill situations, such as being refused hotel rooms and having to be really careful about where we holiday and whether it’s safe to book a double room. So, there we have it. This is why, in 2022, with so much equality and acceptance, it’s still not always ‘safe’ for same sex couples to be ‘out’ in public. Do we ever feel safe to throw an arm around each other or hold hands? Sometimes, sure – but it’s always something to think carefully about and never something to be taken for granted. MORE : I'm a young mum - that doesn't mean my life is over MORE : People look unfavourably on long distance, age gap relationships - but mine is perfect MORE : I’m bisexual - stop asking me to ‘pick a side’