In Hollywood, as in any line of work, colleagues are not always going to get on like a house on fire – and there have been many occasions where co-stars have ended up in disputes. From small spats that eventually got sorted to all-out grudges that have prevented two stars from working together again, Hollywood has a long history of actors and actresses falling out while on the job. Here are some of the fiercest feuds Hollywood has ever seen: Charlize and Tom’s feud began on the set of Mad Max: Fury Road in 2015 after they had an ‘aggressive’ confrontation, according to a book by Kyle Buchanan, who worked on the film. It is thought to have been sparked by Tom turning up to set late one day, when Charlize, who was a new mum at the time was already in costume and ready to film a scene. According to his book Blood, Sweat, and Chrome: The Wild and True Story of Mad Max: Fury Road, which has been serialised by Vanity Fair, Charlize began ‘swearing her head off’ when Tom turned up two hours late and demanded he be fined for every minute production was held up. Charlize then insisted on having a female producer with her on set to help her feel safe, with Tom acknowledging: ‘In hindsight, I was in over my head in many ways. The pressure on both of us was overwhelming at times. ‘What she needed was a better, perhaps more experienced partner in me, I’d like to think that now that I’m older and uglier, I could rise to that occasion.’ The pair have both spoken about the feud in the past and said it was down to the intense filming schedule and their lack of trust in one another. Formerly the best of friends, these Fast and Furious co-stars now refuse to work together in the franchise, with Dwayne Johnson not having appeared in a major Fast movie since 2017’s The Fate of the Furious. Dwayne had spoken about the falling out in 2016, referring to Vin Diesel as he wrote on Instagram: ‘There’s no other franchise that gets my blood boiling more than this one. My female costars are always amazing and I love ’em. ‘My male costars, however, are a different story. Some conduct themselves as stand up men and true professionals, while others don’t. The ones that don’t are too chicken [s**t] to do anything about it anyway. Candy a**es.’ Vin has tried to extend an olive branch to Dwayne to get him to sign on for the 10th movie, but Dwayne accused him of ‘manipulation’ by posting it publicly and speaking about late co-star Paul Walker to tug on his heartstrings. Kim Cattrall had first alluded to an unrest with the Sex and the City crew over money disputes in 2004 as the show finished up after six seasons. The cast reunited to film two movies, but insiders spoke of tensions between Kim and Sarah Jessica Parker on set, however, Sarah long denied that there was an issue between her and Kim. In October 2017, Kim said she and her co-stars have ‘never been friends’ and denied rumours she turned down the third Sex and the City movie as she wanted more money. She explained at the time: ‘This is really where I take to task the people from Sex and the City, and specifically Sarah Jessica Parker. I think she could’ve been nicer. I really think she could’ve been nicer. I don’t know what her issue is.’ Sarah reached out to Kim after the death of her brother in 2018, posting her condolences on social media as well as reportedly reaching out to her in private, but Kim responded with her own Instagram post, raging: ‘My Mom asked me today “When will that @sarahjessicaparker, that hypocrite, leave you alone?” ‘Your continuous reaching out is a painful reminder of how cruel you really were then and now. Let me make this VERY clear. (If I haven’t already) You are not my family. You are not my friend. So I’m writing to tell you one last time to stop exploiting our tragedy in order to restore your “nice girl” persona.’ The Sex and the City spin-off, And Just Like That, went on to be produced without the character of Samantha in it. Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny’s feud might be old news now, but The X-Files co-stars didn’t always have a smooth relationship when they were working together. David told Metro in 2008: ‘Familiarity breeds contempt. It’s nothing to do with the other person. All that fades away and you’re just left with the appreciation and love for the people you’ve worked with for so long. ‘We used to argue about nothing. We couldn’t stand the sight of each other.’ Gillian added to the Guardian in 2015: ‘I mean, yes, there were definitely periods when we hated each other. ‘Hate is too strong a word. We didn’t talk for long periods of time. It was intense, and we were both pains in the a**e for the other at various times.’ Will Smith and Janet Hubert, who played the original Aunt Viv before being replaced Daphne Maxwell Reid after three seasons of the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, did not get along while working on the show. The pair fell out in 1993 but finally reconciled 27 years later after Will acknowledged that he ‘made the set very difficult’ for Janet as ‘everything was a threat to him’ while he was on the show. Will told her during a reunion in 2020: ‘I can see now the level of pain and the level of struggle that it was just for you to show up every day.’ Janet told Will she felt like he ‘banished’ her, explaining: ‘But you took all of that away from me – with your words. Words can kill. I lost everything. Reputation. Everything. ‘And I understand you were able to move forward, but you know those words, calling a Black woman “difficult” in Hollywood, is the kiss of death.’ Julia Roberts sparked the feud with I Love Trouble co-star Nick Nolte in 1993, telling The New York Times: ‘From the moment I met him we sort of gave each other a hard time, and naturally we get on each other’s nerves.’ She added that while he can be ‘completely charming and very nice’, she added: ‘He’s also completely disgusting. He’s going to hate me for saying this, but he seems go out of his way to repel people. He’s a kick.’ The comments did not go down that well with Nick, who later told the Los Angeles Times: ‘It’s not nice to call someone “disgusting.” But she’s not a nice person. Everyone knows that.’ Channing Tatum and Alex Pettyfer starred together in Magic Mike, but off-set things were apparently less harmonious between them. Alex admitted that was down to him, explaining in 2015 on Bret Easton Ellis’s podcast: ‘Channing Tatum does not like me. For many reasons. Many being my own fault.’ He revealed it was because he was ‘very insecure as a human being’ while filming the stripper story, adding: ‘That gave me a bad rep because they said, “Oh Alex thinks he’s f**king better than everybody else because he doesn’t speak to anyone.”’ Things were reportedly not helped by Alex renting an apartment from a friend of Channing and allegedly moving out while still owing four months of back rent. While Alex has been open about the pair of them not getting on, Channing has never publicly addressed the alleged falling-out. Star Trek co-stars William Shatner and George Takei have both had some choice words to say about each other in the past. George previously claimed that William was ‘not a team player’ to work with, telling The New York Times: ‘The rest of the cast all understand what makes a scene work. It’s everybody contributing to it. ‘But Bill is a wonderful actor and he knows it, and he likes to have the camera on him all the time.’ George also threw a dig at William about his recent space flight aboard Jeff Bezos’s Blue Origin capsule last year, calling him ‘not the fittest specimen’ to make the trip. William hit back, telling Page Six: ‘There’s a psychosis there… There must be something else inside George that is festering, and it makes him unhappy that he takes it out on me… ‘Why would he go out of his way to denigrate me? It’s sad, I feel nothing but pity for him.’ Lucy Liu revealed on the Asian Enough podcast that she and Bill Murray got into it while filming Charlie’s Angels in 2000, and while she kept the reason behind it vague, she claimed he ‘hurled insults’ at her and ‘kept going on and on.’ She added: ‘It was unjust and it was uncalled for. Some of the language was inexcusable and unacceptable, and I was not going to just sit there and take it. So, yes, I stood up for myself, and I don’t regret it.’ Bill has not publicly commented on the incident but other reports have previously claimed he had also ‘loudly complained’ about Lucy’s acting on set. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeen-Yuhs director refused to film Kanye West’s ‘uncomfortable’ mental health breakdown amid presidential run MORE : Fresh Prince star Janet Hubert rips into Phylicia Rashad after she supports Bill Cosby over prison release 