Benedict Cumberbatch paid tribute to his late sister and called for action in Ukraine after being honoured with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Monday. The Power Of The Dog actor, who was supported by his wife Sophie Hunter at the prestigious Los Angeles event, first took a moment to remember his half-sister Tracey Peacock, who died in December 2021 aged 62 after battling cancer for seven years. Addressing the crowd gathered at the ceremony, Benedict said: ‘I want to mention my sister who we lost last year. She would have loved this. ‘She was unbelievably loyal, supportive, and she would have loved the glitz and the oddness and the glamour. She would have just been laughing nonstop all the way through, and probably crying.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live He continued: ‘I hope somewhere up there, where the real stars shine, you’re looking down on this moment now. I’m sure you are. We miss you so much. You remain such a good and wonderful person to have had in our lives.’ Benedict also used his platform to acknowledge Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine, voicing support for Ukrainians and Russians opposing ‘the Kleptocracy and the idiocy of their rulers to try and halt the progression of this atrocity’. ‘But it’s more now for all of us to do than just have thoughts and prayers,’ he added. ‘We need to act, we need to go on to embassy websites, we need to see what we can do as citizens of the world, citizens of Europe and people who want a better place and a better outcome for this horrendous moment for these people with children, with families who are struggling to survive as rockets rain down on their cities. ‘We can’t stand back anymore. This is no longer a time for avarice or sloth or inactiveness or ineptitude. We need to act, and there are things you can do. You can support organisations. ‘You can support those who help refugees on the ground. You can support human rights organisations. You can pressure your politicians, your bank, your industries to recognise anything that you can do to help. It is possible, so I urge people to do that on this day.’ Fighting has broken out in Kyiv as Russian forces descended on Ukraine’s capital city last week. Russian President Putin has called for the Ukrainian army to overthrow the democratically-elected government in a chilling TV address. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 