Ominous footage of Russian tanks entering Ukraine shows ‘the invasion has already begun’, a British cabinet minister has warned. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said ‘we are waking up to a very dark day in Europe’. ‘Putin has decided to attack the sovereignty of Ukraine and its territorial integrity. We have always said that is unacceptable,’ he told Kay Burley on Sky News. ‘We have seen that he has recognised these breakaway eastern regions in Ukraine and from from the reports we can already tell he has sent in tanks and troops, from that you can tell the invasion has already begun.’ Asked what the UK would do about it, Mr Javid said this was being discussed at an emergency Cobra meeting being chaired by Boris Johnson this morning. The cabinet minister did not rule out extra military support, saying ‘that will be part of the discussion’. But he stressed sanctions would be the most immediate response, saying legislation was already in place to impose them rapidly. He said: ‘We will make those sanctions as targeted as possible to the people who are responsible for this flagrant breach of international law.’ Later on BBC breakfast, Mr Javid said the UK ‘would always prefer dialogue and will continue to do so’ but said it’s ‘clear from president Putin’s actions that he has chosen confrontation over dialogue’. He said sanctions would be targeted to ‘individuals, companies and businesses with links to the Russian regime’. He added: ‘I do think this is a huge moment right now for Europe… and we know that this is a real test for western Europe in particular now, for us to all come together, to work together in unity because we can all remember what happens when aggressors go unpunished.’ Boris Johnson is expected to give a statement to parliament on the UK’s next steps later today. This morning he warned that Putin is bent on ‘full scale invasion of Ukraine’ and said the ‘first barrage of UK economic sanctions against Russia’ will be revealed this afternoon. It comes after President Putin recognised two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine as independent states in a major escalation of tensions. There has been heavy fighting overnight around Luhansk and Donetsk, two areas which have been held by pro-Russian separatists since 2014. Until yesterday, when Putin signed agreements on cooperation and friendship  with the two regions after a rambling address to the nation, their status and future had been a grey area and the conflict around them effectively frozen. The formal recognition was described as an ‘ill omen’ and ‘a big moment in this crisis’ by worried leaders around the world. Putin said he would send Russian troops to Luhansk and Donetsk for ‘peacekeeping’ – raising fears that this could mark the start of a military incursion. Now, Russian troops appear to be on the move towards the illegal republics in the east of Ukraine. Unverified footage circulated on social media appeared to show convoys of vehicles, said to be containing Russian soldiers, heading into Ukraine. Reuters also reported seeing new levels of heavy military vehicles around Donetsk overnight, including tanks. The Ukrainian military on Tuesday said two soldiers were killed and 12 wounded in attacks by pro-Russian separatists over the past 24 hours, the most casualties this year. The military said on its Facebook page it had recorded 84 cases of shelling by separatists, who it said had opened fire on about 40 settlements along the front line using heavy artillery. The Cobra meeting follows an emergency session of the UN Security Council, where the UK’s ambassador Dame Barbara Woodward said Russia has ‘brought us to the brink’, warning that the country’s actions ‘will have severe and far-reaching consequences’. She said an invasion would unleash ‘the forces of war, death and destruction’ on the people of Ukraine. ‘The humanitarian impact will be terrible on civilians fleeing the fighting. We know that women and children will suffer most.’ Mr Johnson also outlined his ‘grave concern’ at recent developments in a phone call with the Ukrainian president on Monday night, and said he would consider further ‘defensive support’. Later, a defiant President Zelensky told his nation: ‘We are not afraid of anyone or anything. We don’t owe anyone anything. And we won’t give anything to anyone.’ But he sought to calm his citizens, adding: ‘There is currently no reason for chaotic action. We will do everything to keep it that way.’ The European Union and United States are also imposing sanctions in response to the crisis. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.