Strictly Come Dancing judge Shirley Ballas has called out former professional James Jordan after the dancer urged Russian stars of the BBC series to speak out against the Russian invasion of Ukraine. On Sunday, James slammed some of his former co-stars for not using their platform to pledge their allegiance to the Ukrainian people, choosing to use social media to ‘promote’ themselves’ instead. ‘I don’t see many of the Russian dancers I know and have even shared the Strictly dance floor with them openly speaking out about the war against Ukraine,’ he vented. ‘But are still promoting themselves on social media – very disappointed. They know who they are – not one post about it.’ In another tweet, he wrote: ‘If they are too scared to speak out against wrong then stay the f**k off social media for a while and stop with the self-promotion during this horrific time. ‘Have some respect. Or… maybe they are not speaking out because they are brainwashed too.’ Taking issue with Jordan’s impassioned post, Ballas claimed she knew plenty of Russian dancers speaking up against Vladimir Putin’s war on Ukraine. ‘Dear James, not sure who you follow and who follows you,’ she replied. ‘Many dancers I know have retweeted in support of Ukraine and have felt shame at their own government. ‘Lots of help for their fellow dancers Lots have spoken out and retweeted.’ Jordan eventually shared Ballas’ recent post urging dancers to come forward and ‘show some sensitivity towards the suffering Ukraine’, also calling anyone out for taking this time to ‘promote yourselves, your shows, competitions, and teaching every single day’. ‘Why post this yesterday then?’ Jordan hit back. ‘A similar sentiment to me.’ Former Strictly pro Kristina Rihanoff has been forced to apologise after fans thought she appeared to be backing Putin. The Russian-born dancer criticised world leaders, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson and US President Joe Biden, and their various scandals in comparison to Mr Putin, who has led the invasion against Ukraine. She also called out Sky News for reporting on Eurovision banning Russia from taking part in the upcoming song contest. However, she has since stressed: ‘The dancer then stated: ‘I’m not supporting Putin, war, invasion, lost lives and politics. I hate it as much as a human being possibly can. If I offended anyone it wasn’t my intention and I’m deeply sorry.’ 