If you’ve always dreamed of living in an American hunting cabin… but in Surrey, boy, do we have the property for you. This studio flat, on sale for £200k, has all the wood and concrete you need for a rugged, outdoorsy vibe, along with animal skins on the wall and skull motif artwork. Oh, and the ‘bedroom’ is full cabin style, as it’s tucked inside a hole in the wall. Do you see it? The entrance to your boudoir is right by the TV and next to the fridge, comprising of a carved out rectangle and two metal poles. Those poles are going to be handy. Whoever buys this place will need to carefully ease themselves into bed, having to clamber up through the hole to lie down. Don’t worry too much about raw strength, though. It seems the previous resident has been kind enough to craft you three steps, stuck on the wall to help you climb up to bed. Alas, we doubt the wolf-print bedsheets come with the property, but we fully recommend that potential buyers copy this interior styling. If you’re going for a cabin vibe, you’ve got to commit. Beyond the bedroom, the flat offers an open plan kitchen and living space, with polished concrete style worktops, and a rather cool shower room with a chunky concrete sink and more wood detailing. It’s not massive, with 334 sq ft of interior space, but, as the listing notes, it does have ‘clever storage ideas’ to make the most of the space. Plus, if you were to remove all the chopped wood from the shelves, you’d have even more room to play with. The flat is on Albion Road in South Sutton, Surrey, within an easy walk of Sutton train station. If you fancy buying the rather unique space, you can book in a viewing through Your Move. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : London studio flat on sale for £150,000 lets you cook from the comfort of your bed MORE : What I Rent: Michelle, £1,600 a month for a three-bedroom house in Epsom Downs MORE : Inside the UK’s most expensive studio flat, on sale for £1.85million