A Met Police firearms officer accused of 29 sex attacks on eight women was taken to hospital after collapsing in his cell, according to reports. PC David Carrick, 47, has been charged with a series of offences, including 13 counts of rape and five of sexual assault. The alleged offences, all of which he denies, were made against eight women between 2009 and 2020. Carrick, 47, was first charged with raping a woman in a hotel room in September 2020 after meeting her on a Tinder date. The firearms officer for the Met’s diplomatic protection is also accused of imprisoning one woman in a cupboard under the stairs and assaulting three by urinating on them. He denied nine fresh charges relating to four women at Woolwich Crown Court on Thursday, having previously denied 20 charges in relation to four other women. Carrick, from Stevenage, Hertfordshire, has been in custody since his arrest in October. He is expected to stay there until his next court appearance at at Albans Crown Court on Monday. It is understood that he was taken to hospital yesterday morning after sustaining injuries at HMP Belmarsh, southeast London. He is thought to have been given first aid by prison officers before paramedics arrived at the scene. Carrick was alone at the time and there is no suggestion anyone else was involved, according to the Mirror. A Prison Service spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘An HMP Belmarsh prisoner has been taken to hospital following an incident on February 22.’ The officer, who has been suspended by Scotland Yard, pleaded not guilty to nine charges in court last week. These relate to four women and include six counts of rape, one count of attempted rape, one count of assault by penetration and one count of controlling and coercive behaviour between 2009 and 2018. He previously denied a further 20 charges against four complainants, including the allegation relating to the Tinder date. In total he faces 29 charges when his case goes to trial on April 26. These include 13 counts of rape, five counts of sexual assault, three counts of assault by penetration, three counts of coercive and controlling behaviour and two counts of false imprisonment. Carrick is also charged with one count of attempted rape, one count of attempted sexual assault by penetration and one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.