The Queen will be ‘carefully monitored’ by royal aides after testing positive for Covid on Sunday. Buckingham Palace is said to be keeping a close eye on the monarch, 95, described as ‘considerably thinner and frailer’ than a year ago. In a rare public appearance, Her Majesty was filmed leaning on a walking stick and saying ‘I can’t move’ while greeting guests last week. Staff are being ‘cautious’ but are not thought to be ‘alarmed’ by her condition. The Queen is experiencing mild, cold-like symptoms and will continue to receive medical attention and will follow all appropriate guidelines, a statement from the Palace said. She plans to continue with light duties at Windsor this week following her diagnosis and is determined to fulfil most engagements online and on the telephone. The Queen is said to be in good spirits and cheered after watching her horse win at Newbury on the television. She also paid tribute to Team GB claiming a gold medal in curling at the Winter Olympics. ‘The mood from the Palace is one of caution but no alarm,’ BBC reporter Daniella Ralph told the Today Programme. ‘There are a couple of obvious aggravating factors here. Firstly, that she is 95 years old, almost 96, and that immediately puts her in the vulnerable category. ‘Also, when you see the Queen now, she is considerably thinner and frailer than she was a year ago and of course she will now have to be carefully monitored.’ Prime Minister Boris Johnson yesterday wished Her Majesty a ‘swift recovery’, joined by Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and Health Secretary Sajid Javid. Piers Morgan and Gary Lineker were among the famous faces to send their best wishes. The Queen will be cared for by the Medical Household at Windsor – staff who are part of the Royal Household  –  led by Professor Sir Huw Thomas, who has been in charge since 2014. She is understood to be triple vaccinated but could be prescribed anti-viral medication aimed at protecting the most vulnerable. Professor Paul Hunter, an infectious disease expert at the University of East Anglia, said: ‘With somebody in their mid-90s, even if they’re triple vaccinated you are concerned that they could gradually deteriorate over coming days and so you would need to keep a very careful eye on them. ‘You would, I think, almost certainly be considering giving anti-viral drugs, of which there are a number around at the moment. ‘If you do get them early enough it does reduce the risk of severe disease developing so I would imagine any doctor for a patient in their 90s would be considering giving these antivirals out.’ The Queen, who this year will mark her Platinum Jubilee, is the oldest member of the royal family to test positive for the virus. Future king Prince Charles, 73, emerged from isolation after catching Covid for a second time earlier this month. Wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, went into isolation last week after also testing positive. The Queen’s positive diagnosis comes as the Prime Minister is due today to unveil his plans on how we will live with Covid – including scrapping self-isolation rules. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.