Kate Garraway has opened up about her husband Derek Draper’s struggle as he recovers from Covid, and says he would die within three days if he doesn’t receive care. It’s been almost two years since Derek, 54, fell into a coma in hospital after testing positive for Covid-19 in March 2020. Since then, the former political lobbyist has been able to recover at home with wife Kate, 54, and their two children Darcey and Billy. Sharing an insight into what life is now like for Derek, who needs round-the-clock care, Kate told The Sun that he would likely die if left without care within three days. The presenter is part of the gruelling care schedule for Derek, which includes her waking up every two hours each night to help the carer move him in bed, as well as washing and changing his bed linen seven times a day. She explained: ‘It’s like there’s both grief and hope in the same moment. ‘There are flashes of the old Derek and then he disappears again, and you’re left just feeling really lonely. ‘Derek dreams about the “before”, and every morning it’s just so, so awful seeing him wake up, and the realisation of where he is. ‘There’s a kind of heartbreak in his eyes, every single morning. You can just see it.’ The Good Morning Britain presenter also revealed that Derek secretly flew to Mexico after being contacted by a US doctor for specialist treatment. She accompanied him on the exhausting 16-hour flight to Monterrey where he was treated by a doctor who saw his ordeal on TV. Derek is set to return to the clinic next month where he will stay for another 28 days as medical experts continue to monitor his brain, liver and lung function. It was previously reported that Derek, whose body was ravaged by the virus including leaving holes in his lungs and heart, has one of the worst cases of Covid recovery in the UK. Earlier this month, Kate shared how she and Derek have found a ‘new way to love each other’ amid his health ordeal. In September 2021, Kate won the authored documentary prize at the National Television Awards for her hard-hitting documentary Finding Derek. The programme charted her family’s struggle to get her husband home from hospital after he became seriously ill with the virus. A sequel, titled Caring For Derek, will show the period following Derek’s return home as Kate navigates the challenges of the social care system. Caring For Derek airs tonight at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘We lost a shining star’: America’s Got Talent judges pay tribute to Nightbirde’s Jane Marczewski following death from cancer aged 31 MORE : Jamal Edwards candlelit vigil held by his mural in Acton as devastated fans pay tribute to SBTV founder after his sudden death 