Starstruck viewers vented their frustrations on social media as they believed the ‘best group’ was sent packing. The brand-new ITV singing competition, which has drawn comparisons to Stars In Their Eyes, features Sheridan Smith, Adam Lambert, Jason Manford, and Beverley Knight on the judging panel. Saturday’s episode saw presenter Olly Murs welcome four new groups of devoted superfans channelling their inner rockstars in front of the judges, but the twist is only one of them has a chance of winning the whopping prize of £50,000. Actress Landi,  businesswoman Anastasia, and call centre agent Holly showed their love for the Queen of Rock ‘n’ Roll, Tina Turner, with a cover of Proud Mary. While landscaper Jak, health advisor Liam, and singer Richard took on Rag’n’Bone Man’s Human. However, it was team one, aka, Tina’s group that made it to the final sing-off. While viewers praised the ladies’ rendition of the hit soul track, a few believed the ‘best’ group was ‘robbed.’ ‘Come on! What a disappointment! Rag and bone team were clearly the best. #betrayed,’ one viewer wrote. While another added: ‘Decided to give #Starstruck a viewing tonight and it will be the last. How on earth didn’t team Rag n Bone Man win! By far the best. #FIX #nojustice #wasteoftime.’ The second team’s, aka the Rag ‘n’ Bone Man trio, performance had the judges and members of the audience on their feet. ‘You came out and that rich baritone voice sounds like you’ve been gargling gravel for the last few weeks, just to get into the zone,’ Jason enthused. ‘But then to hit those notes, it was almost spine-tingling. You absolutely nailed it all three of you. Well done!’ The group even got themselves temporary tattoos similar to the real Rag’n’Bone, talk about true dedication. Following their victorious win, the Tina lookalikes came back to the stage and sung What’s Love Got to Do with It. However, Olly revealed that Anastasia is the one returning to the grand final. ‘I couldn’t have done this without these two ladies,’ said Landi while hugging her co-star. ‘It’s emotional, very emotional,’ added Anastasia. Starstruck returns next Saturday at 8.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox viewers delighted as new Scottish couple make their debut: ‘About time!’ MORE : Vikings: Valhalla star Sam Corlett reveals he lied about being able to ride a horse to get the part 