Piers Morgan has called Roman Abramovich a ‘weasel’ and challenged Chelsea’s owner to prove he’s not a ‘Putin puppet’ by denouncing Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Russian billionaire Abramovich, who is yet to comment on the country’s war in Ukraine, gave up ‘stewardship and care’ of Chelsea Football Club on Saturday. Abramovich is still the owner of the Premier League club but has put trustees of Chelsea’s charitable foundation in charge. ‘I have always taken decisions with the club’s best interest at heart,’ Abramovich said in a statement. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘I remain committed to these values. That is why I am today giving trustees of Chelsea’s charitable Foundation the stewardship and care of Chelsea FC. ‘I believe that currently they are in the best position to look after the interests of the club, players, staff, and fans.’ Abramovich is one of the richest people in Russia and is believed to have close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, who ordered a bloody invasion of Ukraine earlier this week. TV personality Morgan said Abramovich’s statement was the words of a ‘weasel’ and has urged the Chelsea owner to make it clear that he does not support Russia’s war. He said: ‘Weasel words. Where is the condemnation of Putin’s invasion of Ukraine? If Abramovich really wants to prove he’s not a Putin puppet, he should denounce the war loudly and clearly. But he won’t…’ Meanwhile, the Chelsea Supporters’ Trust are ‘seeking urgent clarification’ over the impact of Abramovich’s decision to step back from running the club. ‘The Chelsea Supporters’ Trust is deeply saddened and shocked by the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the subsequent loss of life,’ a statement from the CST read. ‘We note Mr Abramovich’s statement and are seeking urgent clarification on what this statement means for the running of Chelsea FC. ‘The CST board are ready to work with the trustees of The Chelsea foundation in order to ensure the long-term interests of the club and supporters. We stand with the people of Ukraine.’ During Abramovich’s ownership of Chelsea, the west London club have won the Champions League twice, both the Premier League and FA Cup five times, the Europa League twice and the League Cup three times. The Blues are the Champions League and Club World Cup holders and face Premier League rivals Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final on Sunday. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 