Few of us would look at an old church and think: ‘yep, that’s the home for us’. But when Matt and Kristen Gray, 38 and 39, saw their local church for the first time, they fell in love. After years of waiting for the building to become available, in December 2020 their dreams came true when they heard the place of worship was moving site. That month they bought the property for the bargain price of $50,000 – and set about turning it into the perfect family home for the couple and their five children. The makeover took just five months and ensured that many of the original features were maintained and repurposed. And now, the end result is incredible. There’s even a slide. ‘The best thing about living in a church is absolutely everything about it – the location, the space,’ said Kristen, from Troy, Ohio, US. ‘The slide is a huge one… the kids laugh every time they go down! ‘We’ve never had a house where all seven of us can cook in the kitchen together but here we can and we love that so much.’ The family wanted a home where they wouldn’t have to cross busy roads to get to school in Pleasant Hill – and the church fit the bill. Decorating started as soon as Matt and Kristen got the green light from the village community. First, they painted the exterior completely black, then set about renovating the interiors. The parents built four bedrooms, three full bathrooms, and three half-bathrooms, along with creating two offices, a workout room, a lobby, a craft room, a games room, two laundry rooms, and two living areas. Matt said: ‘We heard through the rumour mill that the church had land south of town and was looking to build a new facility. ‘My wonderfully creative, yet slightly too creative wife, Kristen came up with this idea that was crazy at the time, yet the idea grew legs.’ ‘We thought about it every day since we first walked through it,’ said Kristen. Having flipped two houses while waiting for the church to become available, the parents had a decent budget to give the space a full makeover. They added a new metal roof and upgraded the plumbing and electrics, before making tweaks to change the building from a church into a space that would work practically for a family. They also wanted to involve their five children, between ages of eight and 15, to design their bedrooms and other spaces. They also created a home-schooling area, as their two sons and three daughters are now taught by Kristen. The parents also added in a huge master bedroom with a bath, walk-in shower, office spaces, gym area and laundry facilities. As well as these modern features, Matt and Kristen were also able to keep a few of the original items from the church to use in their design. The pews now act as seating in the dining and home-schooling rooms, and the font used for baptisms has been repurposed as their kitchen sink. Commercial contractor Matt said: ‘To think of all the lives that were transformed in this steel tub gives you goosebumps. ‘Now it is living a bit less glamorous life as our kitchen sink, regardless we are excited that it could be salvaged and used. ‘We also have a wooden cross that was “left behind”- either that or someone hid it! ‘The Vacation Bible School Ice Cream Social Display Board now hangs in the kids loft area.’ A church attendance board, which once displayed numbers in the hundreds, is now in the bell tower with a count of seven. While the finished home is lovely, it’s worth noting that the renovation process was not easy. The family lived inside the church during the craftwork, and for the first month they didn’t have a working shower or bath. They also had a run in with a bat colony, and had to install a trap door system to get them removed. ‘One of them surprised us in the middle of the night looking like an F16 Fighter Jet cruising through our bedroom on a kamikaze mission – I’ve never been so scared in my life,’ said Matt. After five months the conversion was complete, but the family still like the building to be used by the community for bible study and as a food bank. Matt said: ‘This small town has a huge heart full of amazing people, we simply try to hold up our end of that bargain and do things the right way. ‘We love having a place that is fun, safe and conveniently located. ‘We can spread out and have our separate spaces, yet are close to each other. It truly feels like home.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY hacks: How to perfectly hang patterned wallpaper MORE : Cabin-like Surrey studio flat on sale for £200k has bedroom inside a hole in a wall (with three ‘steps’ to help you get in) MORE : DIY grandad helps granddaughter save thousands on amazing bathroom renovation