Holly Willoughby has asked how she can explain the Ukraine crisis to her children, as she and other stars express their horror over the invasion from Russia. Overnight, Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine, has endured ‘horrific rocket strikes’ from Russian forces, in an attack that has been compared to when the country was targeted by Nazi Germany in the Second World War. Thousands of refugees have fled Ukraine and entered neighbouring countries in the hope of finding safety, with it being reported that 137 people were killed on the first day of the attacks led by President Vladimir Putin. In a post shared on Instagram, This Morning presenter Willoughby uploaded a photo showing two tanks, one of which had its main gun pointed close to the camera as a group of soldiers sat on the second. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In her caption, the 41-year-old, who has three children, questioned how she can go about explaining the Ukraine crisis to her kids, who are seven, 10 and 12 years old. ‘How do I explain this to my children… I was asked questions last night I didn’t have the answers for…’ she wrote, alongside a broken heart emoji. Hypnotherapist, psychotherapist and mentor Tania Taylor emphasised the importance of ‘active listening’ when speaking to children about the Ukraine crisis, making sure that adults are paying full attention to youngsters when they are asking questions. ‘Listen to what they’re asking, and don’t give more information than they are asking for. We humans have a habit of oversharing, this is a situation when that’s not necessarily helpful,’ she said. Several celebrities have spoken out to post messages of solidarity with Ukraine, including Morbius actor Jared Leto, who urged his family and friends caught up in the ‘devastating’ conflict to stay ‘as safe as you can’. ‘To my friends and family in Ukraine – my heart breaks that this conflict has escalated in such a devastating way,’ he said, sharing a large group photo. ‘Please take great care and be as safe as you can. Sending thoughts to you and your loved ones during this chaotic and disruptive time. ‘I’m hopeful that peace will prevail and nonviolent solutions will ultimately be found.’ Oscar winner Penélope Cruz shared a Unicef post on Instagram, writing in Spanish: ‘More than nothing else, what the children of Ukraine need now is peace’. She continued: ‘No child, wherever they are born, grow up or live, should know violence and the atrocities of conflict. ‘Millions of children in Ukraine were woken up today in the middle of the night by the sound of explosions. They should be our priority.’ Avengers star Mark Ruffalo wrote on Twitter that he was ‘sending love and good prayers to all innocent people of Ukraine and Russia and Europe who are caught up in this sad corrosive moment of asymmetrical violence and destruction, especially the young people’. He added: ‘You have done nothing to deserve this perversion and obscene spectacle.’ Lord of the Rings actor Elijah Wood tweeted that his ‘heart is with Ukraine and its people’, while Kiss star Gene Simmons wrote: ‘Our hearts and minds are with the brave people of Ukraine.’ Singer Barbra Streisand shared on Twitter that her paternal grandparents emigrated from Ukraine, saying that her heart ‘breaks for the courageous people there fighting this Russian invasion’. ‘Putin’s propaganda about “denazification” as a rationale is one of the great lies of this Century,’ she said, before adding: ‘Trump’s praise of Putin is disgusting for an ex American President.’ Miley Cyrus said that she found it ‘heartbreaking’ waking up to the news that Ukraine had been invaded, expressing how grateful she was to have been ‘welcomed’ by the local community in Kyiv when filming the music video for Nothing Breaks Like A Heart. ‘I am standing in solidarity with everyone in Ukraine who is affected by this attack and with our global community who is calling for an immediate end to this violence,’ she said. On Instagram, musician Annie Lennox said: ‘What kind of “price” must ordinary people pay for the nightmarish madness and brutality of “invasion” and “warfare”?’ Writing that she has ‘had the privilege of living in a “peaceful” context” since she was born, having been born a decade after the Second World War, stating: ‘I don’t take this for granted in any way and therefore find the notion of ‘war’ to be unacceptable repugnant barbarism. Sorry friendsI just had to express this.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC News viewers share support for Clive Myrie as they spot presenter ‘shed tear’ while reporting on Ukraine crisis live from Kyiv MORE : Sky News reporters forced to end live broadcast and take cover as explosions rock Ukraine