International Women’s Day is coming up on March 8, but what do you know about the pioneering women of the past? We’ve delved into the history books to uncover the stories of some of Britain’s most inspiring women – and where you can go to learn about them today. From suffragettes to paleontologists, these women have helped to shape modern Britain through their contributions to science, politics and literature. Here are some of the museums and attractions where you can find out more about their lives. This Anglo-Saxon burial ship might be one of Britain’s most important archaeological discoveries but the story behind the dig itself is just as fascinating. A few hundred metres away from the horde of ancient treasure you’ll find Tranmer House, the home of Edith Pretty (portrayed by Carey Mulligan in Netflix’s 2021 film The Dig), the woman who discovered the site and commissioned the dig. You can stand at the drawing room window where Pretty first pondered the meaning behind the mounds on her estate, which rekindled an interest in archaeology that had first been ignited on trips to Pompeii and the Egyptian pyramids. nationaltrust.org.uk/sutton-hoo The cholera-ridden field hospitals of the Crimean War turned Florence Nightingale into Britain’s most famous nurse – her hygiene techniques transformed modern nursing and public health measures, and on certain dates you can visit a museum dedicated to her tucked away in a building at St Thomas’ Hospital (where she set up the world’s first professional nursing school in 1860). The era’s unsung hero, however, is Mary Seacole, a nurse born in Jamaica to a Scottish soldier father and a Creole mother. After arriving in London in 1854 she headed to Crimea to set up the ‘British Hotel’ and nurse solders back to health despite prejudice from the British establishment. Pay your respects to Seacole at the statue erected in her honour outside St Thomas’. florence-nightingale.co.uk To find the first Japanese garden designed by a woman, you’ll have to look quitea long way from Tokyo. 5,775 miles away, in the Scottish countryside, you’ll find Shã Raku En, or ‘the place of pleasure and delight’, an idyllic Zen garden built in the early 20th century by the trailblazing Scottish adventurer Ella Christie, the first Western woman to meet the Dalai Lama. During her travels, she fell in love with the formal gardens of Japan so commissioned a female Japanese gardener, Taki Handa, to create one in the grounds of her home at Cowden Castle. Having survived being almost destroyed by vandals in the 1960s, it has been lovingly restored so you can still enjoy its tranquil lakes, bridges and blossom trees 100 years after its inception. cowden-garden.myshopify.com No list of pioneering women is complete without a Pankhurst, and this museum dedicated to the feminist family is housed in the Victorian villa where Emmeline Pankhurst, the leader of the Suffragettes, grew up. Fittingly, the building is now the headquarters of Manchester Women’s Aid, a charity which helps victims of domestic violence, but it’s also open to the public, with free exhibitions about the fight for women’s rights. Visitors can even stand in the ‘Pankhurst Parlour’ – the room where the first meeting of the Suffragettes was held in 1903. pankhurstmuseum.com Bletchley Park is synonymous with Alan Turing and his incredible codebreaking machines, but the efforts of his 8,000 female colleagues also deserve a place in the history books. These women worked as administrators, codebreakers and translators, making up roughly 75% of the workforce at Bletchley Park. At the former site, now a museum, you can see the huts where they worked on cracking the Enigma code, hear their fascinating stories and even have a go at codebreaking yourself. bletchleypark.org.uk Just a stone’s throw from the Jurassic Coast, this local museum is famed for its impressive collection of fossils and prehistoric artefacts. But that makes perfect sense given its link to Mary Anning, the fossil hunter who discovered the first complete skeleton of a dinosaur. Built on the site of her home and fossil shop in 1902, the museum pays homage to the woman who pioneered the study of palaeontology through interactive galleries, fossil walks and a new state-of-the-art learning centre. lymeregismuseum.co.uk Bath might now be the home of Bridgerton but we can’t forget its Regency roots in the works of one of Britain’s finest female writers, Jane Austen. Once you step inside the honey-coloured townhouse on Gay Street, just a few doors down from where the author once lived, you’ll be greeted by actors in empire-line dresses and waistcoats for an immersive experience that takes you through tales of Austen’s life and excerpts from her much-loved novels. After a day dressing up as Lizzy Bennet or Mr Darcy and penning your own oeuvre with a quill and ink, don’t forget to stop for a spot of afternoon tea. In September, the museum puts on the Jane Austen Festival, a ten-day literary extravaganza where you can truly get lost in Austen. janeausten.co.uk Given Victorian Britain’s strict gender roles, Emily Massingberd was quite the maverick. An amateur actress who often wore men’s clothes, an early suffragist and one of the first women to stand for public office in England, this teetotal Lincolnshire lass also set up the influential Pioneer Club, a progressive all-female society that aimed to improve the lot of women. You can learn about her political activism and eccentric personal life at her family home, Gunby House. nationaltrust.org.uk/gunby-estate-hall-and-gardens Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Immerse yourself in wild Wales with a stay at this stunning hidden treehouse MORE : A free lantern festival is coming to London next week MORE : Modern hobbit house-style visitor centre built into a hill in Denmark