The morning after sleeping over at a friend’s house when I was about 10 years old, his older brother called us to the dining room for breakfast. I looked at the table and found three plates of rice, beans and chicken – a normal Brazilian meal. But I couldn’t physically bring myself to eat it and I felt desperate and ashamed. That’s not because there was anything wrong with it, it’s because – at the time – I was only eating chicken nuggets and noodles. I was what many would call a fussy eater. No one really knew that though so I made up an excuse that I needed to talk to my mother and I’d be right back. Since we were practically neighbours, I just went home without giving a good explanation and didn’t come back that day. It wasn’t the first time my eating habits had negatively impacted my life and it certainly wouldn’t be the last – it’s something I still grapple with today. I personally don’t remember when or how it started but my family have told me that when I was almost two years old, my mother left me with my late grandmother for a few days while she went to the hospital for the birth of my younger sister. They said I needed something new to distract me while I was suffering from being away from my mum for the first time, and different food was what managed to do the trick. Apparently, my grandmother gave me instant noodles and chicken nuggets and, from that moment on, I only accepted that. Up until then, I was eating normally like children my age. After that, I only ate instant noodles and nuggets. In early childhood, the nuggets had to be dinosaur-shaped and the noodles could only be from the brand that had an ox on the packet. I was a child who didn’t take very well to trying new things, and I would deny everything I wasn’t used to. Even if people tried to force me, I would spit it out. To my mother’s relief, I eventually expanded to other brands of noodles and nuggets when I realised that nuggets were the same thing despite their different shape. When I started at school, I refused to eat lunch so eventually figured out that if I ate a lot during breakfast and afternoon snacks, I’d be able to justify that I was not hungry during school mealtimes. I was afraid and ashamed that these habits would become known to people outside my family, because it was hard enough not to feel embarrassed with some relatives. I believed it would be shameful and I’d be bullied if many people knew about it. It was a slow process for me to start eating the most common food in Brazil – rice. I was in the first years of primary school at the time and in order to get me to eat it, it had to be prepared with ultra-processed chicken broth  – maybe because I was used to the taste of instant noodle seasoning. A while later, I started eating the rice with Brazilian seasoning considered normal, which became a huge staple for me since it was a food that was present in most Brazilian meals. Often, I just didn’t go to school to avoid having to make excuses about my diet. I also avoided many parties and barbecues during high school too because I didn’t want people to ask why I wasn’t eating their food. My mother began to believe that my extremely limited eating routine could bring me serious health problems in the future, and for this reason she referred me to a nutritionist – and it didn’t work very well. I don’t really remember what those appointments were like because I didn’t continue visiting after childhood – but I’ll never forget the nutritionist saying that I needed more iron in my diet. Seeing nutritionists didn’t help much because, despite what they said, I was too stubborn to see a issue. So I just continued basically eating the way I always had. Eventually, there came a time when I was around 17 years old, that instead of eating my usual unhealthy things, I’d go without eating anything at all or just have breakfast for the whole day. By that point, I had managed to start eating plain bread with butter, cheese, a type of cheesy Brazilian bread, some juices and coffee. Maybe this was some sign of an eating disorder and I should have sought help at the time. I believe that since I was a teenager, I could tell I had a problem – except I didn’t really care to change it. After all, I wasn’t feeling bad, and it just kept me from going out to eat. I also always preferred to be alone. Today, I still find it difficult to eat certain things. A lot of things, actually. If I’m not careful, I can spend hours and even days without eating – probably because I don’t eat much. In 2017, I ran into a friend I hadn’t seen in years and he said I’d lost a lot of weight. I felt sick because we’d always had the same body type and now I was looking much thinner than him. This affected me in a very serious way in relation to my body. I became insecure to the point that I couldn’t leave the house without tops that covered my arms. I was afraid of people commenting that I was thin. The more time goes by, the more I recognise what I’ve done to my body. I believe I am now old enough and brave enough to venture into the kitchen alone and discover things I could not during childhood. I find it so difficult to change, but I do it with small steps. I still don’t eat beans and meat, and I don’t think I ever will despite it being a staple for Brazilians. Since last year, I’ve been trying to follow a vegetarian diet. That means no more nuggets. In fact, I hate them now. Part of that is because of how they’re made, and I feel terrible at just imagining eating them again. Today, for this reason, I have cut out ultra-processed foods that I had included in my routine during my adolescence. Instead, I am constantly researching and trying to learn various recipes that I find on the internet, and thus expand my options. It’s great when I can do something well, and it cheers me up for the future. I’ve found that I like the concept of simpler meals that can be eaten throughout the day, like sandwiches and meal deals. For a long time, I couldn’t talk openly about this to people outside my family. But I write this mainly because I know there are others out there going through the same thing. If I could give some advice to my younger self, I’d say: ‘You can eat more than nuggets and noodles, just like the other kids at school. The nutrients and vitamins our bodies need to stay healthy exist in so many things, just try them. One step at a time, it will be good for you. I trust you, and you are not alone. You also have absolutely nothing to be ashamed of, either.’ Now I am optimistic about the future. That fear that used to exist is no longer here, because I have finally understood what is best for me. After this pandemic, I hope to be able to go out and eat freely with other people. Just writing this has been liberating. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : I experienced extreme hunger after eating disorder recovery – I decided to give in to the cravings MORE : Pinterest bans weight loss ads to tackle body image issues MORE : How to get fussy eaters to finish their meals – tips from parents and nutritionists In this exciting new series from Metro.co.uk, What It Feels Like… not only shares one person’s moving story, but also the details and emotions entwined within it, to allow readers a true insight into their life changing experience.