Strictly Come Dancing has announced that Oti Mabuse is leaving the show after seven series, but vowed she will ‘always be part of the Strictly family’. They confirmed in a statement: ‘Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. ‘Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show’s most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers but the entire team. ‘She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years. ‘We couldn’t be prouder of Oti and what she has achieved. ‘She will always be at the very heart of our Strictly family and we wish her every success in her already bright future.’ The dancer also took to Instagram to share a series of highlights from her time on Strictly, telling her followers: ‘Never easy to say goodbye. I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing for the past seven years and it has been an incredible time. ‘Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! You are my family and I adore you all forever. Thank you @sarahjamesface@jack.will.g and @jasongilkison for truly believing in me. ‘I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK – which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much. – Thank You from the bottom of my heart. ‘I can’t put in to words how difficult this decision has been, but I have decided not to return for the next series.’ She added: ‘Dance will always be my first love and to everyone, my family especially, friends, strictly fans and judges who have been my support throughout my strictly journey, thank you for being incredible! You are irreplaceable in my heart and have made everyday unforgettable! I love you. ‘I will always Keeeep Dancing! and I will never forget my amazing Strictly experience! Lots of Love Oti xxx.’ Oti joined Strictly in 2015 after a hugely successful career as a dancer, including being an eight-time South African Latin American Champion. She is the only dancer in the show’s history to win two consecutive series, having won in 2019 with actor Kelvin Fletcher and most recently in 2020 with comedian Bill Bailey. Strictly is set to return for its twentieth series later in 2022 but the professional line-up, including who is replacing Oti, is yet to be revealed. Viewers took to Twitter after the news broke to share their sorrow to see Oti leave the show, tweeting: ‘Will be sorely missed. Absolutely brilliant person.’ Others added: ‘So so gutted queen @OtiMabuse is leaving #Strictly’ and ‘Best professional the show has ever had.’ Another wrote: ‘Oti Mabuse is one of the greatest Strictly professionals of all time. An absolutely incredible dancer, teacher, and choreographer who always brought such joy to the show. @OtiMabuse will be sorely missed but I can’t wait to see what comes next.’ This year, Oti made her debut as a judge on Dancing On Ice, where she is rumoured to be signing up for a second series after impressing bosses and viewers alike. A source told The Sun: ‘Oti has been asked to return for next year. She has been a huge hit. ‘Oti is already very much part of the Dancing on Ice family –  she fits in so well. ‘She is full of good vibes and just makes everyone laugh. She is so infectious. She’s here to stay hopefully!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Oti Mabuse says Strictly return ‘not for her to say’: ‘No one is bigger than the show’ MORE : Strictly’s Oti Mabuse hits back at vile racism and fat-shaming: ‘The more hate I receive the more reason to carry on doing my job’ 