Manchester City’s Ukrainian star Oleksandr Zinchenko has wish a ‘painful death’ on Vladimir Putin after Russia invaded his home country and launched a military campaign that is already reported to have caused fatalities. The post has since been deleted, but Zinchenko has claimed that it was Instagram that removed the message and not him. The post on his social media feed displayed a picture of Putin, with the caption: ‘I hope you die the most painful suffering death, creature.’ Zinchenko had already posted about the conflict before the invasion on Thursday, writing on Instagram earlier in the week: ‘The whole civilised world is worried about the situation in my country. I can’t stay away and try to convey my opinion. ‘In the photo – my country. The country where I was born and raised. A country whose colours I defend in the international sports arena. ‘A country that we try to glorify and develop. A country whose borders must remain inviolable. My country belongs to Ukrainians and no one will ever be able to appropriate it. We will not give up! Glory to Ukraine.’ Zinchenko is not the only figure in sport to speak out, with Dynamo Kiev manager Mircea Lucescu refusing to leave the Ukrainian capital and calling on ‘big people with no brains’ to see sense. ‘All sporting activity in Ukraine was suspended for 30 days,’ said Lucescu. ‘I will not leave Kyiv to return to Romania, I’m not a coward. I hope these big people with no brains will stop this war. I never thought this was possible.’ Former world heavyweight boxing champion Wladimir Klitschko, meanwhile, wrote on Twitter: ‘The world is watching how reckless and deadly imperialism is, not just for #Ukraine but the whole world. Let history be a lesson to not be repeated.’ Klistchko joined the Ukrainian Territorial Defence Forces earlier this month, while his brother Vitali is the current Mayor of Kyiv. Speaking earlier this month, Wladimir said: ‘If the aggressors come to our country, we do not have another choice, we have to defend our city, our country, our future as a democratic European country.’ Benfica’s Roman Yaremchuk revealed an image of support for his home country after scoring against Ajax in the Champions League on Wednesday, showing the Ukrainian coat of arms on a t-shirt, before explaining the celebration on Instagram. He wrote: ‘I am Ukrainian and I am proud of that. Being thousands of kilometers away from my native country, I want to support everyone who is now in tension in their native land, now is the time to unite. ‘This is our country, our history, our culture, our people and our borders. I would like to thank our defenders for their courage. Glory to Ukraine.’ The Champions League final is due to be held in St Petersburg on 28 May, but the BBC report that UEFA is ‘almost certain’ to move the match elsewhere and on Thursday the European governing body called for an extraordinary meeting of the Executive Committee which is due to take place tomorrow. No decision has been confirmed yet, but Boris Johnson exerted some pressure in the House of Commons on Tuesday, saying there was ‘no chance of holding football tournaments in a Russia that invades sovereign countries’. Formula One’s Russian Grand Prix in September is still on the calendar, with organisers only saying they are monitoring the situation. A statement read: ‘Formula 1 is closely watching the very fluid developments like many others and at this time has no further comment on the race scheduled for September. We will continue to monitor the situation very closely.’ MORE : Russia deploys mobile crematoriums to follow troops into battle in Ukraine MORE : Ukraine begs for help from international leaders after Russia invasion For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 