Dimitar Berbatov has made his predictions for another huge weekend of Premier League fixtures, with Manchester City hoping to get back to winning ways against Frank Lampard’s Everton and West Ham facing top-four rivals Wolves. Elsewhere, struggling Leeds United meet Antonio Conte’s inconsistent Tottenham and Newcastle United visit Brentford in a relegation six-pointer. On Sunday, the first domestic trophy will be won as Chelsea face Liverpool in the Carabao Cup final at Wembley. As ever, Betfair ambassador Berbatov is on hand to deliver his predictions for Metro.co.uk… Chelsea v Liverpool This should be a League Cup final to savour, with the European champions taking on the Premier League title contenders and two of the best managers in the world, who know each other well, going up against each other. Liverpool are in stunning form but, while Chelsea have struggled recently, I fancy the Blues to raise their game for this final. I don’t think it will be settled in 90 minutes and think the Blues could nick it in extra-time. Chelsea 2-1 Liverpool Betfair odds: Chelsea 5/2, Liverpool 7/5, Draw 9/4  Leeds v Tottenham After losing to Burnley in midweek Spurs must win this match. I will never give up on my old club. Leeds are in trouble after losing 6-0 to Liverpool and I don’t expect things to get much better here. Leeds 0-3 Tottenham Betfair odds: Leeds 100/30, Spurs 10/11, Draw 3/1 Crystal Palace v Burnley Palace were rampant last time out, albeit against a poor Watford team. Burnley made life difficult for Spurs to grab a vital three points, but I think Patrick Vieira’s men will edge this. Crystal Palace 1-0 Burnley Betfair odds: Palace Evens, Burnley 7/2, Draw 5/2 Brighton v Aston Villa I like the way Brighton play but I expect Steven Gerrard to get a reaction from his Villa team after some disappointing performances recently. Brighton 2-2 Aston Villa Betfair odds: Brighton 5/4, Villa 13/5, Draw 12/5 Newcastle v Brentford I’m not surprised that Newcastle have turned a corner recently with their new signings have an immediate impact under Eddie Howe’s management. I expect they’ll stay out of the relegation zone this weekend by winning here. Newcastle 1-0 Brentford Betfair odds: Brentford 8/5, Newcastle 11/5, Draw 9/4 Manchester United v Watford United to need to win to build momentum in their bid to finish in the top four. Watford were really poor in midweek against Palace and I expect Ralf Rangnick’s men to be too strong for then. Manchester United 3-1 Watford Betfair odds: United 1/3, Watford 9/1, Draw 5/1  Everton v Manchester City City lost to Spurs last weekend but they are rarely defeated two weeks in a row. This is a big test for Frank Lampard’s men and I think the champions will have too much strength in attack. Everton 0-3 Manchester City Betfair odds: Everton 11/1, City 30/100, Draw 11/2 West Ham v Wolves Two teams unexpectedly challenging for the top four. I’m a fan of them both but have been particularly impressed by Bruno Lage’s men recently. West Ham 0-1 Wolves Betfair odds: West Ham 6/5, Wolves 3/1, Draw 12/5 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 