Steve Irwin’s children have paid tribute to ‘the greatest dad and Wildlife Warrior’ on what would have been his 60th birthday. Robert and Bindi Irwin said they would remember The Crocodile Hunter in their own personal ways to mark the occasion, sharing old photos online. Both have followed in their father’s footsteps by becoming environmentalists and television personalities. Irwin, known for his fearless confrontation of dangerous beasts around the world, died in September 2006 after being pierced in the chest by a stingray barb. Robert said that every minute spent with his father had been ‘a blessing’. ‘Happy birthday Dad. I love you and I miss you more every single day,’ he wrote. ‘My earliest memories are my fondest, thanks to you. Hanging on to the handlebars of the motorbike, when you’d take Bindi and I on your morning lap of the zoo – before going to get ice cream for breakfast. ‘Every minute with you was a blessing. I’m gonna ride that lap on your old motorbike this afternoon.’ His older sister, who was eight years old when their father died, wrote: ‘Happy Birthday to the greatest dad and Wildlife Warrior. ‘Today I’ll watch The Crocodile Hunter with Grace Warrior and share stories about her incredible Grandpa Crocodile. ‘I love you with all my heart. Your legacy lives on.’ Bindi is married to American former professional wakeboarder Chandler Powell, with whom she shares 10-month-old baby daughter Grace. She also shared a range of throwback family pictures to her Stories, showing her dad feeding a crocodile, as well as a picture of her, Robert and mum Terri with Irwin and a cheetah, and a photo of her and her dad by the water. Sabrina The Teenage Witch star Melissa Joan Hart also wished the late TV star a ‘happy heavenly birthday’ on Twitter as she recalled his famous catchphrase ‘What a beauty!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Garraway and Derek Draper secretly flew 11,000 miles to Mexico for treatment: ‘He’s desperate to get better’ MORE : Harrison Ford rushes to help crew member on Indiana Jones 5 set as they ‘collapse with heart attack’ 