Benfica star Roman Yaremchuk was reduced to tears after coming on in his side’s match this evening as thousands of fans showed their support for Ukraine. Since Russia began invading Ukraine last week on the orders of Russian president Vladimir Putin, millions of people around the world have been showing support for Ukrainians during these incredibly tough times. It’s been a difficult week for Ukrainian footballers playing through the shocking events with many having family and friends back home living in fear. One powerful moment in Benfica’s 3-0 win over Vitoria SC tonight saw Yaremchuk struggle to hold back the tears after being substituted on. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Replacing two-goal striker Darwin Nunez, the forward was handed the captain’s armband by former Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen in a show of solidarity. Yaremchuk also received a standing ovation from the fans packed inside the Estadio da Luz, with supporters holding up banners and flags in support of their player and Ukraine. Understandably, the 26-year-old was overcome with emotion as play continued. There were similar scenes in the Premier League this weekend when Manchester City took on Everton at Goodison Park. City full-back Oleksandr Zinchenko and Everton defender Vitaly Mykolenko engaged in a heartfelt pre-game embrace during warmups before their match. Both clubs went out of their way to show solidarity with Ukraine at a time of crisis for the nation with Toffees players walking out with Ukraine flags draped around their neck and the visitors choosing to wear shirts bearing the words ‘no war’ in their warmups. Zinchenko was visibly moved to tears as fans rose to their feet to show their support for his country. Latest reports suggest Putin has ordered Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert in response to sanctions and ‘aggressive statements’ by Nato countries. Speaking at a meeting with top officials, the Russian president told his defence minister and army chief to ‘transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’, according to the state-owned TASS news agency. MORE : Manchester City footballer Oleksandr Zinchenko wishes ‘painful death’ on Vladimir Putin as UK stands on brink of war MORE : Football Association confirm England won’t play Russia while war wages on in Ukraine For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 