A BBC news report left viewers ‘terrified’ as Clive Myrie changed into a flak jacket during a live segment from Ukraine. Parts of Ukraine, including capital city Kyiv, are under attack and hundreds of civilians are already feared dead after Putin gave Russian soldiers the order to invade this morning. The Mastermind host was reporting live in Kyiv in front of St. Michael’s Golden-Domed Monastery as sirens blared around him. Beginning the segment in normal attire, viewers quickly spotted a drastic change 10 minutes in, as Myrie and fellow BBC presenter Lyse Doucet had changed into the protective clothing. Myrie said: ‘We heard the air raid sirens, we have put on our flak jackets. ‘One wonders what the people of this city and indeed right across this country are now thinking. ‘They prayed for peace and with all the diplomacy over the last few weeks and months, they hoped that would be the case. ‘Now we are in a major conflict.’ One viewer shared side by side images of the change on Twitter, writing: ‘A noticeable change for @CliveMyrieBBC in the past ten minutes as sirens blare in Kyiv, Ukraine.’ Many viewers took to social media to wish him safety, with one post: ‘This is chilling’ and another adding ‘really terrifying’. Many praised Myrie for bravely doing an ‘incredible job’ so calmly. ‘So much respect for reporters/presenters bringing us the latest on this horrendous situation,’ said one audience member. Following his broadcast being interrupted by a siren, Myrie said that ‘anything can happen’ in a warzone, telling PA news agency that his first responsibility is ‘to the viewers’ to provide comprehensive reports on the Russian invasion. ‘You’ve got to be aware that you are in the middle of a warzone, a live warzone and anything could happen,’ he said. ‘None of us are stupid enough to stay out there reporting while bullets are raining down that would be madness and frankly no story is worth that, but the advice was we could still keep broadcasting as long as we took the minimal protection of putting on safety gear. ‘So that’s what we did and it meant we could continue telling the story, getting that across to our viewers so that they understand what is going on.’ He added that there are ‘still people here who we have spoken to who want to stay’, as they ‘believe that a peaceful solution can be found’. ‘They hope there can be some kind or resolution that doesn’t mean they have to leave their homes and their families, but a lot of other people are voting with their feet and their worst nightmares have basically come true,’ he stated. World leaders fear the invasion could cause massive casualties, topple Ukraine’s democratically elected government and threaten the post-Cold War balance on the continent. Putin gave the West a chilling warning after declaring war this morning, as he told world leaders that they ‘will face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere with his invasion of Ukraine. Addressing the nation, Boris Johnson said the world cannot allow Ukraine’s freedom to be ‘snuffed out’ by what he described as a ‘tidal wave of violence’, adding that the UK and allies will respond to the Russian invasion with a ‘massive’ package of sanctions. MORE : BBC Breakfast’s Charlie Stayt forced to put Ukraine crisis talk on hold after MP’s daughter interrupts interview MORE : BBC Breakfast viewers praise Dan Walker for ‘absolutely skewering’ Liz Truss with her own photo alongside Russian Tory donor 