Marina Litvinenko has been told by a mum who expects to die fighting for Ukraine to continue speaking out against Vladimir Putin. The widow of Alexander Litvinenko has been in the west of the country, where she witnessed the ‘devastating’ flow of displaced people and gave blood for soldiers wounded while resisting the Russian invasion. Mrs Litvinenko made a direct appeal to the people of Russia as she returned to London today from the two-week trip to Slovakia and Ukraine, urging them to oppose the Russian president and his powerbrokers. She said: ‘They have not just used you, they have killed your sons, your daughters and you are never going to have a future if you still have the same government and the same president of Russia, Vladimir Putin.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Thousands of ordinary people in Kyiv have taken up arms in the face of the multi-pronged invasion of Ukraine, now in its fifth day. Mrs Litvinenko said: ‘A great friend of mine, she’s a beautiful, fantastic woman, she’s very ambitious, she’s young, in her 30s, she has two daughters and she called me two nights ago. ‘She said, “I’ve never, ever used any weapon against a human, but now I’ve got a Kalashnikov, I will kill people”. ‘She’s in Kyiv and she’s not going to leave. When I ask her what I can do, she says, “just talk, just talk to people, explain what happened”. ‘She said, “I’m definitely going to die”, but she will do it to save the country. ‘She’s a politician with two young children. The politicians have united to support their own country.’ Mrs Litvinenko, 59, has been a vocal critic of Mr Putin’s government since her husband, a former Russian intelligence officer, was fatally poisoned with radioactive polonium in 2006. The hit was carried out by Russian agents Andrei Lugovoi and Dmitri Kovtun, probably on the Russian president’s orders, according to the findings of a public inquiry in 2016. Yet even the Kremlin critic has been surprised at Mr Putin’s ‘crazy’ decision to pursue the invasion. Aftershocks within Russia are likely to include the impact of unprecedented sanctions imposed by Western nations and the toll on families losing loved ones in the conflict. Mrs Litvinenko said: ‘Putin only ever talks about the past, about the Second World War and the Soviet Union, and never the future. Anyone who wants Russia to survive as a free country, and to give their children a better future, needs to stop Putin and stop the people around him. ‘Because this war is not just the worst thing for Ukraine and for Europe, it’s the worst thing for Russia. Everybody must do what they can, just a little bit, to go to protests to show their support for Ukraine, to donate money, small or big, for equipment for Ukraine and its army. ‘For Russian people in Russia, I’m very sorry, because they are in the worst situation there’s ever been.’ Mrs Litvinenko spoke as Mr Putin, who has been in power since 1999, faces global condemnation for his military campaign, said by the UK government to have stalled and failed to have secured its key objectives. ‘I didn’t see the war but I saw people trying to escape the war zone, it was absolutely devastating,’ she said. ‘Even for a country with a ruthless leader, I never expected he would be so crazy to do this. ‘He has claimed it as a military operation but everything that has happened has been against people, against humans.’ Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelenskyy has called on people to give blood for ‘defenders’ who have been injured fighting Russian troops. ‘I queued with other people in the cold weather for three hours to give blood at a special station,’ Mrs Litvinenko said. ‘It was amazing to see how united people were.’ The invasion has been accompanied by anti-war protests across Russia, which have been met with a crackdown by the authorities. Pictures have shown demonstrators being dragged off the streets and bundled into vans. At least 356 Russians have been detained in 32 cities, according to the OVD-Info rights group that tracks political arrests. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.