The moment Kate Garraway’s husband Derek Draper moved his arms for the first time after his body had been ravished by Covid has been captured in the new documentary Caring For Derek. A preview clip of the new ITV film was shown on Tuesday’s episode of Good Morning Britain, with Kate explaining that the footage still makes her emotional. Presenters Susanna Reid and Richard Madeley played the video, which showed Derek initiating a hug with his son Billy by moving his arms above his waist. ‘I didn’t see this until I watched the footage, but it’s the first moment Derek moves his arm,’ Kate explained. ‘It makes me cry now.’ The landmark moment took place on the day that Derek was brought back home after spending one year in hospital. ‘He moves his arm to hug anyone, it happens to be Bill,’ she continued. ‘That is the first moment we’ve seen him be able to activate a movement prompted by emotion, not just someone asking if he can move his hand to the left or to the right.’ Kate said that she burst into tears after discovering the clip just a few months ago. ‘That was the reason for bringing him home at the time,’ she added. ‘We wanted to bring him home because he had spent a year in a ward being treated by incredible people in full PPE. ‘He plateaued, we still didn’t know how to make his organs and his neurology better… but we thought coming home would stimulate it, and that has been amazing.’ Derek became seriously ill with the virus in March 2020. The 54-year-old former political adviser is now free of the virus, but has suffered long-lasting damage to his organs and requires care at home. Caring For Derek is a follow-up to Finding Derek, which showed how the family were coping as Draper was critically ill in hospital with Covid. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV and Kate Garraway: Caring for Derek airs tonight at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 