All relationships have ups and downs. However, some issues simply cannot be fixed. It can be difficult to identify when a relationship has run its course. But there are a few problems that tend to spell the end – and it’s good to be aware of them. After all, your own happiness must come first. ‘Ending a toxic relationship can be difficult, but it is ultimately worth it for your mental health and well-being,’ explains Joanna Konstantopoulou, a health psychologist at Health Psychology Clinic. And while some people will have different thresholds with what they will tolerate in an intimate relationship, there are some key problems to look out for. Experts have shared some signs that it could be time to end your relationship. Joanna says that if one party completely shuts down and refuses to communicate, this is not good. She says: ‘This can be a sign of disrespect and a lack of concern for your partner’s feelings. If you are constantly being ignored or your partner purposely shuts you out, it’s time to move on.’ Trust is so important in a relationship – so if a partner is being dishonest, this can make things incredibly difficult. ‘If your partner is always lying or cheating, this is a major sign that it is time to end the relationship,’ adds Joanna. ‘Dishonesty is a sign of disrespect and can be very damaging to your mental health. If you can’t trust your partner, it signals there is a systemic problem that may not resolve itself.’ On the topic of respect, this is another thing that should be paramount in a relationship. ‘If your partner constantly puts you down or makes fun of you, this is a major red flag,’ continues Joannna. ‘These patterns of disrespect can be very harmful to your self-esteem and will only get worse over time. If you are constantly being disrespected, it’s time to leave the relationship.’ Joanna stresses that if you have expressed your needs on several occasions but still feel like they are not being met in the relationship, it is probably because they aren’t. ‘If you are not being treated with respect and your needs are not being taken into consideration, it’s time to find someone who will,’ she adds. ‘If a partner ignores another partner and withholds communication it can be a sign that they’re not willing to put in the work,’ explains sexologist and relationship coach Ness Cooper. ‘Often when a partner refuses to work on the issues at hand, it may be a big sign that the relationship is at the end. ‘For relationships to be healthy and work, you both need to work together in helping them develop – even if it’s working through the more challenging things.’ Relationships involve teamwork, so it’s important you’re both committed to problem-solving. ‘If one partner is being overly-controlling on how relationship issues should be resolved, this can be a sign that the relationship isn’t right for you both,’ says Ness. ‘While it can appear like a partner is trying to resolve the conflicts, they are not working with you to fix them. This form of resolution can often backfire in the long-run, too.’ Another sign to look our for is a disconnection between partners. Dr Elena Touroni, a consultant psychologist and co-founder of The Chelsea Psychology Clinic, says: ‘When a couple is detached and disconnected from each other this signifies that at least one – or perhaps both – partners have checked out of the relationship. ‘In a sense, the relationship is no longer meeting their needs.’ ‘Almost anything in a relationship can be overcome but – in order to build bridges over relational ruptures – both parties must be willing to reflect on their own behaviours, be willing to understand something about the impact of their behaviours on the other and be held accountable,’ explains psychotherapist Lohani Noor. But unless both parties are willing to do this, a relationship cannot be repaired. ‘If your partner talks over you, flies off the handle at your thoughts and isn’t able to reflect on how their behaviour impacts you, then you really need to consider whether or not your partner has the emotional capacity to maintain an adult to adult relationship,’ she adds. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Whether single or loved up, dating shows can teach us all a lesson in love MORE : How to embrace oystering, the dating trend all about enjoying single life MORE : Is it possible to let go of built-up resentment in a relationship?