From the outside, this three-bed house in Hampstead, north west London, looks like a perfectly decent property opportunity. But the second you walk through the front door, you’ll see the catch. The terraced home is filled with piles upon piles of rubbish – including a stash of porn mags, stacked proudly on a table in the hallway. The house will be going up for auction on March 2, 2022, with a guide price of £600,000 – quite the price tag for a place described as ‘in need of complete modernisation’. The Rightmove listing doesn’t lie – with peeling wallpaper and old-fashioned carpets, the home is definitely in need of a refresh… but you’ll need to give it a good clearout first. You might also want to give everything a good scrub with disinfectant before you get stuck in, too. Especially the bathroom. Let’s give you the tour. On the ground floor, you’re greeted by a rubbish bin in the hallway and those aforementioned porn mags, before you walk through to the living room, which is piled high with clothes, wires, and debris. The orange-toned carpet is stained and littered with dust, while the vintage wallpaper looks a touch worse for wear. Also on this floor is a kitchen and a toilet. Downstairs there are two more rooms in the basement to do with what you wish. Perhaps a nice home cinema, or some storage. Then upstairs you’ll find three bedrooms – all, again, drowning in rubbish, dirt, and cobwebs. In one shot, you can see the photographer had to stand on a heap of rubbish to get a good view. And then there’s the bathroom, which is, let’s be real, a horror show. What should be a white toilet is brown. The floor is a troubling colour, too. The sink is covered in grime. Even the artwork hanging above the bath is filthy. Outside is a garden, but this, too, is littered – but this time with bricks and weeds. The home is up for auction through Savills, who highlight its excellent location in Primrose Hill, within a walk of London Zoo and Lord’s Cricket Ground. If you do fancy a challenge, you can get in touch with the agent to make an offer through the Rightmove listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Former prison warden’s house with a hidden jail cell is on sale for £350,000 MORE : Canary Wharf is becoming a property hotspot as people flock back to London MORE : Man buys 65ft long military tugboat on second date – now the couple and their baby live on it