Dame Helen Mirren has proven that even Oscar-winners still get nervous, as she revealed she was terrified of giving a ‘believable’ Newcastle accent for her new film The Duke. The legendary actress stars alongside Jim Broadbent in the comedy based on the true story of bus driver Kempton Bunton who was accused of stealing Goya’s portrait of the Duke of Wellington from London’s National Gallery in 1961. While Jim stars as Kempton, Dame Helen undergoes a complete transformation to star as housewife Dorothy. ‘I was very, very nervous about this, because the accent is a challenge. Newcastle is not easy,’ she told Metro.co.uk. ‘At the same time, you’ve got to do it well enough that it’s believable. But you can’t go all the way because the audience have to really get what you’re saying. So that’s a sort of balance. ‘And I just hoped people wouldn’t confuse the Helen Mirren of the red carpet and all done up thanks to a lot of very hard working people who make me look like that – I don’t normally look like that.’ ‘They have to believe it, they have to sit in the audience, and believe that you are who you are, who you’re pretending to be, you have to take them on that imaginative journey. And I really hoped that I could do that. I was nervous about that,’ Dame Helen, 76, added. She wasn’t the only one to find becoming a Geordie rather daunting, with Jim, 72, admitting: ‘You feel a responsibility to [the role], particularly when it’s a script that you absolutely love, you think, “I do want to get it right.” ‘Not real nerves – the accent was an issue, but then I relaxed into it. I didn’t want to make a fool of myself!’ The pair both worked with a dialect coach, getting the accent down first, before taking on the rest of the transformation. ‘Then of course, you start building the character through the wig, the hair, the makeup, the costume, and it’s such fun to build a character like that,’ Dame Helen reflected. ‘Those little elements that add up to a transformation. And then, when you’re in it, and then you’re in the costume, in the accent, you’re in the environment, the set that has been brilliantly designed, beautifully set-dressed, and now you’re in the world, I can’t describe it. It’s what we live for, as actors. ‘It’s a transformative moment of living a kind of dream. It’s fantastic.’ The Duke is in cinemas from February 25. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Golda film producer admits to ‘stirring’ Jewish casting controversy surrounding Dame Helen Mirren for ‘publicity’ MORE : Dame Helen Mirren strongly defends the BBC amid licence fee row as she slams politicians for turning ‘beady eyes’ on the broadcaster 