NASA has dismissed remarks from Russia’s space chief that the International Space Station could fall out of orbit and crash into the US or Europe because of sanctions imposed by the West. Dmitry Rogozin, director-general of Russian space agency Roscosmos, used Twitter to denounce new constraints on high-tech exports levelled in the wake of the country’s invasion of Ukraine. President Joe Biden said they were designed to ‘degrade [Russia’s] aerospace industry, including their space program’. Reacting to the announcement in a series of tweets, Rogozin asked, ‘Do you want to destroy our cooperation on the ISS?’, adding that the station’s orbital control uses engines of a Russian cargo craft docked to the space station. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live He went on: ‘If you block cooperation with us, then who is going to save the ISS from an uncontrolled descent from orbit and then falling onto the territory of the United States or Europe? ‘There is also a scenario where the 500-tonne structure falls on India or China. Do you want to threaten them with this prospect? ‘The ISS doesn’t fly over Russia, so all the risks are yours.’ NASA said in a statement it continues to work with all international partners, including Roscosmos, ‘for the ongoing safe operations of the International Space Station’. The US space agency added: ‘The new export control measures will continue to allow US-Russia civil space operations. ‘No changes are planned to the agency’s support for ongoing in-orbit and ground-station operations.’ Apart from Rogozin’s Twitter rhetoric, longstanding US-Russian collaboration aboard the orbiting research platform appeared to otherwise remain on solid footing, even as tensions between the two countries escalated. The two agencies issued statements this week saying that both were still working toward a ‘crew exchange’ deal under which the former Cold War space rivals would routinely share flights to ISS on each other’s spacecrafts free of cost. The laboratory outpost, orbiting some 250 miles above Earth, is currently home to a crew of four Americans, two Russians and a German astronaut. NASA said members of Expedition 66, which the current seven-member crew is designated, spent Friday studying how microgravity affects skin cells and plant genetics, as well as how to exercise more effectively in weightlessness. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.