More extreme weather is set to batter Britain as the weather phenomenon of ‘thundersnow’ has the possibility of striking today. The Met Office has issued a yellow warning of snow and lightning across most of Scotland and Northern Ireland, which will remain in force until 8pm today. Heavy snow showers, gusty winds and frequent lightning are expected – which could trigger rare ‘thundersnow’, where snow falls instead of rain in a storm during very cold temperatures. A snow and ice warning has also been issued across some of England overnight from 8pm until 9.30am tomorrow. The Met Office said: ‘The showers will be accompanied by strong, blustery winds, with gusts of 45 to 55mph possible, and a chance of 65mph on coasts. Blizzard conditions are likely over higher ground. ‘There is a small chance that some of the showers could be accompanied by frequent lightning, which could impact power supplies, including some places outside of the warning area. ‘Snow showers are increasingly likely to turn back to rain and sleet at low levels later Thursday morning and early afternoon, although remaining as snow above 200 to 300 metres.’ The forecaster added 1 to 3 inches of snow is expected even at low levels, with up to 8 inches on higher ground. The snow and lightning warning covers Central Scotland, Tayside and Fife, the Highlands and Western Isles, South West Scotland, Lothian and Borders, Strathclyde and Northern Ireland. The overnight snow and ice warning has been issued across North East England, North West England, Yorkshire and Humber, the East Midlands and Scotland. Traffic Scotland and Police Scotland have warned people to drive carefully and heavy snow has been reported on the A9, M90, A92, A90, A95 and A96. Road maintenance services have warned there are ‘challenging conditions’ and gritters are out on the roads. Rail and ferry travel has also been disrupted, with ScotRail tweeting speed restrictions are in place until 8pm across much of its network. Ferry operator Caledonian MacBrayne warned their may be severe delays or cancellations due to the weather. The Environment Agency also warned severe flooding is expected to continue, with 51 warnings and 42 alerts in place. Locations along the River Ouse and Severn were flooded earlier this week, with areas in York, Shropshire and Worcestershire severely affected. Around 400 homes and businesses have been flooded as the UK slowly recovers from the effects of Storm Dudley, Storm Eunice and Storm Franklin. And a fourth named storm – expected to be called Storm Gladys – in a week could be on its way if forecasters upgrade the weather system. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.