More than 3,000 people protesting the war in Ukraine have been arrested in Russia, as demonstrations in Moscow and St Petersburg turned violent again on Saturday evening. The number of people detained, reported by AFP, is as of Thursday, the second day of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Protests against the Russia’s war on Ukraine continued into Saturday evening for the third straight day, despite many arrests. Images emerged of police officers violently detaining protesters in St Petersburg and Moscow, both men and women. Police in St Petersburg took away a young woman carrying a black bag with the words, ‘No war’, according to the news site SotaVision. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live A group of anonymous St Petersburg protesters wore skull masks and hoodies at a cemetery, raising placards with the messages, ‘Don’t they have enough bodies’, and ‘There are no patriots among the dead’, the news site Vot Tak reported. Meanwhile in Moscow, artist Anzhela Aganina wore a traditional Ukrainian shirt and lay severed blonde braids and flowers at her feet, according to SotaVision. In Yekaterinburg, hundreds of Russians marched and chanted ‘No to war!’ the Telegram channel Avtozak Live reported. Saturday’s figure grew from Friday, when the Associated Press reported that about 1,745 people were detained across 54 cities in Russia, with at least 957 in Moscow. On Saturday alone, more than 325 protesters were detained across 30 Russian cities and towns, with nearly half of them in Moscow, according to OVD-Info, an independent Russian human rights group tracking arrests in opposition rallies. Russia has made spontaneous mass demonstrations illegal. Some individuals stood alone holding pickets in Moscow and city squares across the country, a form of demonstration that was allowed until March 2020 when it was prohibited due to the coronavirus pandemic. Other Russians staged smaller protests of a few dozen people and moved around to avoid arrest in Moscow and St Petersburg, where riot police have been heavily deployed. On Saturday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky praised his people for taking up arms in defense and pledged to battle ‘for as long as it takes to liberate the country’. ‘The world has seen that Ukrainians are powerful. Ukrainians are brave. Ukrainians are on their native land and will never surrender it,’ Zelensky said in a video shared through the messaging app Telegram. ‘If babies are already being born in shelters, even as shelling continues, then the enemy has no chance in this, undeniably, people’s war.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.