Working from a computer always comes with the challenge of keeping focused and resisting the urge to browse Twitter, ASOS, or catch up on the daily news cycle. In the office, it’s easier to stay on task as you don’t want to get caught out with the wrong thing on your screen. But working from home is a different story, and, according to new research, employees have been taking full advantage. From online shopping to doing their kids homework, people use their work devices – including phones and laptops – for a whole host of non-work related activities according to a survey by IT support company Totality Services. According to the research, the most popular activity is browsing social media (17%) followed closely by instant messaging friends (15%). But perhaps the most shocking finding from the survey, which asked 2,000 Brits what they really use their work devices for, is that 5% admit to using them to watch porn. Proportionately, that’s around 3 million workers in the UK, with more men (5.3%) than women (3.7%)  admitting to using their devices to view adult content. Even more shocking, around a third who watch porn on company time do so for two-four hours of their work day – and a further 20% admitted to watching adult content for four-eight hours in a day. Another worrying finding from the survey showed that the same number admitted to gambling on the job, with three-quarters of those gambling for up to four hours a day – which is alarming considering 4% of the population are gambling at at-risk levels, and 7% are affected negatively by other people’s gambling. With working from home slowly coming to an end, those returning to the office may not be able to keep up their, ahem, naughty habits from home. Luis Navarro, the co-founder of Totality Services, said: ‘Like most things – if people are willing to try it, there is often a way to get around security protocols if you have that knowledge. ‘However, for diligent companies, it’s about making sure those basic security protocols are in place, so you’re doing your utmost to prevent them from happening in the first place. He continued: ‘Employees can always try and login into a VPN server to disguise their browsing, but a lot of these software programmes usually block this type of behaviour, and it will create a log on the admin side of the platform, so if you did happen to try and access something inappropriate, that is going to be logged and flagged somewhere.’ Perhaps the short-lived golden age of (non)work really is coming to an end. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Seven signs you might have a porn addiction MORE : Up to 1,000,000 women ‘at risk of problem gambling’, charity warns MORE : People working from home ‘are more likely to be spied on by their boss’