Former minister Matt Hancock has denied that he had ‘casual sex’ during his high profile affair, saying: ‘I fell in love with somebody’. The politician was England’s health secretary at the time leaked CCTV showed him kissing aide Gina Coladangelo in breach of the social distancing guidelines he helped create. He gave his first interview about the situation to the Diary of a CEO podcast, released today. Host Steven Bartlett asked him about the Covid restrictions in place at the time of the affair last year, saying that people were told to only have sex within ‘established relationships’ and avoid casual sex. He reminded Mr Hancock that he had talked about how he was following the rules, telling the public that he looking forward to hugging his mum when rules were eased. Mr Hancock appeared unhappy with the line of questioning, asking him to phrase things more respectfully. He retorted: ‘I haven’t had casual sex with anybody. I fell in love with somebody.’ Ms Coladangelo is someone he had known for half his life since they worked together on student radio at Oxford, he said. He brought her in as staff at the health department for professional reasons, he said, and ‘we spent a lot of time together, ironically, trying to get me to be able to communicate in a more emotionally intelligent way.’ ‘And we fell in love,’ he continued. ‘And that’s something that was completely outside of my control.’ Mr Hancock said that he had not broken any laws regarding coronavirus and social distancing, but admitted that he had broken the guidance in place. ‘I resigned because I broke the social distancing guidelines by then,’ he said. ‘They weren’t actually rules. They weren’t the law. But that’s not the point. ‘The point is they were the guidelines that I’d been proposing. And that happened because I fell in love with somebody.’ Both were married with three children when they began the affair. Mr Hancock said he regretted the pain caused, particularly given that the split happened so publicly. CCTV images were printed on The Sun front page in June 2021, but Mr Hancock said it wasn’t the media pressure that pushed him to resign. ‘It was that some people I really respect got in contact and told me about things that they had been not able to do,’ he said. ‘Like seeing dying relatives. And […] I realised that it was unsustainable.’ The full podcast is available on Youtube. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.