If you strip away the coach-speak, tactical terminology and strategic concepts, sometimes a team’s gameplan or management philosophy can be boiled down to one simple phrase. In Manchester United’s case, it is currently ‘be more like Anthony Elanga’. For all Ralf Rangnick’s reputation as the godfather of gegenpressing and architect of the modern game, the interim United manager’s best bet to get through to his confused, seemingly doubt-filled squad is to follow the lead of a teenager who runs around as if he is actually enjoying himself. A 19-year-old from Sweden reminding everyone that, for all the frowns, slumped shoulders and upturned palms on display at Old Trafford this season, playing football can be good fun. Rangnick was in charge when United returned to Champions League action on Wednesday but it was as if his predecessor Ole Gunnar Solskjaer had never gone away. Slow to get out of the blocks, lifeless, floundering and seemingly without a plan, the Red Devils were second-best for an hour to an Atletico Madrid team enduring their own sub-par season, and yet returned to Old Trafford with a result which should make them favourites to reach the quarter-finals. Thanks largely to Elanga. ‘Anthony, in all the games that he has played so far, just shows that he’s playing with all the passion, all the fun and all the joy,’ Rangnick said of the substitute whose goal earned United a 1-1 draw in the Spanish capital. ‘He’s just enjoying himself on the pitch and he’s fully aware of his strengths, his assets, his weapons. He’s always trying to play and show those weapons. ‘But we have to show that on other positions as well, so not only with Anthony Elanga or one or two others. ‘We just have to play like that on every single position and if we want to proceed to the quarter-finals we have to play exactly like that.’ Elanga’s straight running and clear thinking is in stark contrast to a squad seemingly hamstrung by doubts and second guessing. Is this Rangnick guy any good? Should I run here, if he’s not going to pass there? Are we going to be successful or do I need a transfer? There was a time when Marcus Rashford was the youthful ingenue; brimming with naive optimism and unencumbered by the doubts of the mid-20s footballer. After six years in the first team and almost 50 England caps Rashford should be able to marry experience to talent and nearing the peak of his powers. Instead he sits on the bench watching Elanga, a younger version of himself, show how it’s done. The cricket great Shane Warne once said Monty Panesar had made his Test debut 30-something times — the charge being he had learned nothing from dozens of previous games. Not great for a spin bowler, but sometimes experience can be overrated. Many players at Manchester United, not least Rashford, could do a lot worse than flush out recent experience and run out to play football feeling like they did the first time. Never mind pressing, counter-pressing or worrying about who might be next in the Old Trafford dug-out. Just keep it simple lads; be more like Anthony. @gavbrown_metro MORE : Paul Pogba open to leaving Manchester United for Paris Saint-Germain, reveals ex-Chelsea striker Nicolas Anelka MORE : Manchester United hero Cristiano Ronaldo should consider retiring, says former Chelsea defender Frank Leboeuf For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 