Halyna Hutchins’ husband has slammed Alec Baldwin for ‘not taking responsibility’ over the Rust movie set shooting, which left his wife dead. Baldwin, 63, accidentally discharged a gun on set of the western last October killing Hutchins, the film’s cinematographer, at the age of 40. In a subsequent TV interview, the former 30 Rock actor said he ‘feels no guilt’ about the incident as ‘someone else is responsible’ although he did not mention any names. Addressing the comments, Hutchins’ widower Matt Hutchins told NBC’s Today show: ‘Watching him I just felt so angry. ‘I was angry to see him talk about her death so publicly in such a detailed way and then to not accept responsibility after having just described killing her. ‘The idea that the person holding the gun causing it to discharge is not [responsible] is absurd to me.’ Baldwin was rehearsing a scene in a church on the New Mexico set when the actor accidentally discharged the gun, in turn hitting Hutchins and the film’s director Joel Souza. Souza was able to recover from his injuries but Hutchins was pronounced dead at hospital shortly after. Appearing in a sit-down interview with ABC in December, Baldwin detailed the moment of her death, insisting he didn’t pull the trigger. The host asked: ‘You felt shock, you felt anger, you felt sadness. Do you feel guilt?’ ‘No, no,’ he replied. ‘I feel that there is… Someone is responsible for what happened and I can’t say who that is, but I know it’s not me. ‘Honest to God, if I felt that I was responsible… I might have killed myself if I thought I was responsible. ‘And I don’t say that lightly.’ Earlier this month, it was announced that Hutchins’ family – including husband Matt – had filed a lawsuit against Baldwin for wrongful death. Baldwin has maintained that Hutchins told him to aim the gun just off camera and in her direction and pull the hammer back, and that it fired when he let go.He has also said he didn’t know the gun contained a live round. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lawrence ‘welcomes first baby’ with husband Cooke Maroney MORE : Yorkshire Ripper: The Secret Murders documentary causes fresh outrage over ‘staggering incompetence’ of police 