A man is facing court after allegedly forcing his way into Harry Styles’s home, damaging property and assaulting a woman. Pablo Tarazaga-Orero, 28, has been charged after allegedly forcing his way into the One Direction star’s home in North London, where he is said to have destroyed a vase belonging to the singer. Tarazaga-Orero is also alleged to have assaulted a woman working at the house during the incident last Wednesday. The man had previously been found guilty of stalking the Watermelon Sugar star and was banned from going within 250 metres of Styles in 2019. Homeless Tarazaga-Orero, who is originally from Spain, is due to appear in custody at Westminster Magistrates’ Court on Friday, after being charged with breaching the restraining order by ‘turning up at the victim’s house’. He has also been charged with criminal damage to property valued under £5,000 for the vase, as well as assault by beating and using violence to gain entry to the property. In 2019, Tarazaga-Orero had been banned from contacting Styles directly or indirectly or posting about him on social media in 2019. He had also been ordered to stay at least 250 metres away from the singer, his home and business addresses as well as being barred from attending any concert or event where Styles was due to appear. Styles had previously told the court that he was left ‘very uncomfortable’ and ‘scared’ after Tarazaga-Orero slept outside his home for months after meeting the singer in March 2019, and posted notes and money through his letter box. The singer had previously told the court that the ordeal had begun after he had tried to help Tarazaga-Orero buy offering him money to stay in a hotel and get some food after spotting him sleeping rough by a bus stop near his home. Styles told Hendon Magistrates’ Court from behind a screen: ‘I thought it was sad that someone so young, that anyone was sleeping rough at the bus stop when it was cold. I felt sorry for him. ‘That evening I pulled up in my car next to the bus stop and I offered him some money so that he could get a hotel or some food.’ Harry Styles’ representatives declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles rolls past Buckingham Palace on a giant bed on wheels, as you do MORE : Harry Styles adds extra UK tour dates after chaotic scram for pre-sale tickets leaves fans devastated 