A Ukrainian man reportedly proved how fearless his country’s people are when he removed a mine with his bare hands – without even bothering to put his cigarette down. Viral footage appears to show a man carry the deadly device across a road and into a wood in the hope that it won’t hurt anyone there. The heroic endeavour is said to have taken place in the town of Berdyansk, where a fight is underway for control between locals and Vladimir Putin’s invaders. The Daily Mail claims it was an anti-tank mine, which is designed to damage or destroy vehicles like tanks. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The unidentified man is one of many Ukrainians revered for their bravery after Russians launched the onslaught last Thursday. A Ukrainian woman hit headlines last week as she confronted a soldier, asking: ‘What the f*** are you doing in our land?’ The soldier tells her he’s ‘here for exercise’ and insists conversation will ‘lead to nothing’, asking her to move on. She replies: ‘You’re occupants, you’re fascists. What the f*** are you doing on our land with all these guns?’ Referring to Ukraine’s national flower, she adds: ‘Take these seeds and put them in your pockets, so at least sunflowers will grow when you all lie down here.’ A Ukrainian marine also blew himself up to destroy a bridge and slow the advance of Russian forces. Vitaly Shakun has been hailed a Hero of Ukraine after sacrificing himself to cut off a key route for Kremlin troops. Other Ukrainians have been busy making Molotov cocktails to defend their country. Housewives, lawyers and English teachers told the BBC it was ‘just like cooking’. Meanwhile, a Ukrainian brewery has converted its beer production line into a Molotov cocktail factory as the country braces for fresh advances. Pravda Brewery said locals were helping workers make bombs using bottles from one of their most successful craft beers – labelled ‘Putin is a d***head’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.