Cleaning the oven has to be the worst household job of them all. The caked-on grease make it a typically exhausting task, and it is basically thankless because after all that work no one even really sees how sparkling the inside of your oven is. But, it has to be done. However – this clever hack might make the whole process much simpler. And you won’t need any special products are harsh chemicals. A mum has revealed how she managed to get her filthy oven racks looking like new by soaking them in the bath for two hours. Her method was simple. You put the wire racks in a bath of hot water and add three dishwasher tablet, then just leave them to soak. She was pleasantly surprised when she returned to the trays and all the dirt and grease wiped straight off. She shared the before and after photos of the transformation on a Facebook cleaning page, after searching the same site for a solution just hours earlier. In her post of Facebook, she revealed that she resorted to using the dishwasher tablets because her rental property was due for inspection and she didn’t have anything else on hand. So she was delighted when they worked a treat. ‘Just with a scourer and light scrubbing almost all of the muck came off except for what was in the hard to scrub edges,’ she said. People were impressed with the results, tagging their friends and offering compliments on her handiwork. The woman also suggested people use a tub for the job after realising she would have to scrub the bath once she was finished. ‘The 24litre tubs should work the same,’ she said. Others said they soak their pots and pans with the tablets overnight. ‘It makes them much easier to scrub.’ Another woman said she uses laundry powder on her oven racks with similar results. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Get paid £7,500 to attend festivals this summer with an exciting new job opportunity MORE : Is it ever okay to comment on a friend’s cosmetic surgery? MORE : You could get free dough balls and pizza for life with the new Pizza Express rewards scheme