Tom Holland has revealed that one of his fellow Spider-Men wore a fake bum while filming the recent Marvel movie Spider-Man: No Way Home together. However, the star won’t expose who it was. In the film, Tom’s third outing as Peter Parker, aka Spider-Man, he was joined by past web-slingers Andrew Garfield and Tobey Maguire, who played the superhero from 2012 to 2014 and 2002 to 2007, respectively. Appearing on Late Night With Seth Meyers on Monday, the 25-year-old actor said: ‘I’ll give you a spoiler and I’m not gonna tell you who. But one of us has a fake a**e in their suit… ‘You can figure out that for yourselves,’ he added. Host Seth, 48, then joked that he was ‘all about ticket sales’, suggesting that ‘now everybody is going back out [to the theatre] to try to find the fake a**!’ Tom continued: ‘I remember being on set, being like, “Wow! Oh, hang on a minute, that’s not real!”’ Does that mean he’s ruling himself out as the fake bum wearer, or is he just good at bluffing? He also mused on sharing the screen with his two predecessors, calling it ‘the most incredible experience of my career’ as he spoke about the sometimes ‘alienating’ nature of the role. ‘Playing Spider-Man while being a wonderful experience [and] completely life-changing, it can also be quite alienating,’ he explained. ‘When you’re 19 and someone gives you this opportunity and your life changes, it’s quite hard to figure out how to navigate, so to almost have two older brothers who had been through it before me, to be able to share that experience with them was amazing.’ The trio also spoiled fans this week when a picture dropped of the three of them donning their Spidey suits to recreate the iconic three Spider-Man meme, bemusedly pointing at each other. The official No Way Home Twitter account told us: ‘Of course, we got THE meme,’ adding: ‘Your new lock screen just dropped.’ Spider-Man: No Way Home was a huge hit and the first pandemic-era film to reach $1billion (£746million) globally at the box office. The bond between the actors has clearly stayed strong, with Andrew revealing that he and Tobey sneaked into an opening night screening to watch the film on the big screen together. ‘I still can’t believe it happened,’ Andrew told ET. ‘I snuck into a theatre on opening night and just watched with my baseball cap on and my mask.’ Sharing that ‘no one knew we were there’, the 38-year-old added that he had ‘found a brotherhood with Tobey as well, and with Tom’. Meanwhile Charlie Cox revealed that he was ‘gutted’ when his cameo as Daredevil in the film received no reaction in a ‘packed cinema’. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, he recalled: ‘When I found out I was going to get a scene in Spider-Man, that’s the dream, that the response is significant. Sadly, when I went to go and see it, I must have been in one of the only movie theatres in America that was dead silent, and it was packed, so it was a real anti-climax. ‘But I’ve had enough text messages from other people to know that it’s [the reaction] a real thing.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emmy Rossum to play Tom Holland’s mother in new series despite tiny age gap MORE : Julia Fox channels another of Kim Kardashian’s looks in wild leather ensemble at Milan Fashion Week 