According to RoSPA, choking is the leading cause of death for children under the age of three. On average, a child dies in the UK every month from choking, and hundreds more require hospital treatment. It is natural that parents worry about their kids’ safety, and while it is inevitable that young children and babies will put things in their mouth, when it comes to food, you might not be aware of some of the items that pose a risk. These ten commonly dished up foods can be a major cause of choking incidents in young children… For children under fouryears of age, popcorn is not recommended due to the choking risk. Popcorn, particularly un-popped corn kernels, which are incredibly hard, can easily become lodged in the airways. The texture can also pose a danger, as other foods can stick to popcorn and create a larger blockage of the airway. Soft, white bread, in particular, can pose a risk because it turns paste like when chewed and can become stuck to the roof of the mouth or in the airways. It is best to serve it lightly toasted for babies under 18 months. Sausages may seem like ideal finger food, but they are secretly one of the most dangerous foods to serve to children, due to their tube shape and compressibility. It is advised to remove the skin and cut them lengthwise into small pieces. Cubes of cheese can easily become wedged in the back of a child’s throat, due to their hard texture. Until your child is competent at chewing, give them grated cheese instead. Many parents are unaware that blueberries can be a danger. If you’re serving them to children under two years old, it’s best to halve or quarter the berries. The same goes for cherry tomatoes – cut them into quarters. It states on the back of a packet that Mini Eggs are not suitable for under fours, but any loose in the sweet shop don’t come with a warning. It is safest to cut them in half or give your little one a safer option instead. Peanut butter is sticky and sticky foods are difficult to swallow, making them a hazard for young children. Adding a little water to smooth (not crunchy) butter will thin it out and make it less sticky. Young children are often seen snacking on a bag of rice cakes, but like popcorn, the coarse texture can make them extremely dangerous. They may be soft in texture, but marshmallows can glob together and expand in the throat. If left unsupervised, even for just a couple of seconds, children can be tempted to put the whole thing in their mouth, blocking their airway completely. It is important that children and babies are always supervised when eating and sitting down. It is a good idea to try to keep distractions to a minimum so they can concentrate on eating – no TV watching – and always have a drink within their reach. Cutting round foods in half or quarters lengthways, removing stones from fruit, such as peaches, and checking meat carefully for bones is also advisable. Keep any foods, such as hard-boiled sweets, lollipops and chewing gum out of young children’s reach. Stacey from Daisy First Aid – the UK’s number one paediatric first aid company, tells Metro.co.uk: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 12 things children should do before they turn 12 MORE : How to talk to children about what’s happening in Ukraine and World War Three anxiety MORE : Why pregnant women are still reluctant to take the Covid vaccine – and what the NHS needs to do to convince them