Britain is experiencing an unprecedented boom in cat breeding as over a million of our feline friends are unneutered – which could lead to hoards of cats roaming the streets, the RSPCA has warned. Cat welfare organisations have come together to urge owners to get their cats spayed as neutering levels dropped to the lowest in nine years. The charities fear that the pandemic is primarily to blame due to the increased demand for pets and a lack of neutering being available to owners. Charities warn this could result in a ‘cat breeding explosion’. The RSPCA states there are an estimated 10 million cats in the UK and on average around 91% of owned cats are neutered each year. ‘During the pandemic these figures dropped to 86% in 2020 – the numbers are beginning to rise again but this still means there are over one million unneutered cats in the UK.’ RSPCA’s cat welfare expert, Samantha Watson, said: ‘Although the decrease in neutering is fairly small, this equates to a lot of unneutered cats meaning that we could have a cat breeding explosion on our hands should these figures decline again. ‘Since 2012, the neutering figures haven’t dipped below 90% so it was really concerning to see so many cats not being neutered during the pandemic. ‘One of the little known knock-on effects of the lockdown is that there were waiting lists for routine procedures such as neutering due to the impact of the lockdowns on veterinary practises and this may have resulted in a high number of unwanted litters being born which will mean more pressure on rescue charities like ourselves. ‘We would urge owners to please get their cats neutered from four months old before they can get pregnant.’ Last year, the RSPCA took in over 4,000 cats. Many of these were unwanted litters which had been abandoned in boxes, pet carriers or even thrown in bins. Many owners may have to wait to get their cats neutered as vets are still under serious pressure, so a Cats Protection spokesperson urges owners to keep them indoors with plenty to keep them entertained such as toys and scratching posts, until they can be spayed or snipped. She also recommends ‘owners keep a male and female pair separate, even if they have come from the same litter, this will also help to avoid any unwanted pregnancies.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Two cats are co-parenting their seven kittens after giving birth hours apart MORE : Mum creates 3D flower wall in nursery for £392 using £14 eBay product MORE : What I Rent: Michelle, £1,600 a month for a three-bedroom house in Epsom Downs