Bridgerton star Nicola Coughlan has revealed fans will be seeing a lot more of her character in the highly-anticipated second season of Netflix’s regency romance. The 35-year-old Irish actress will be reprising her role as Penelope Featherington in the hit period drama – which will focus on the sizzling courtship between Anthony Bridgerton (Jonathan Bailey) and newcomer Kate Sharma (Simone Ashley). Following season one’s interesting plot twist, Penelope was unveiled as the show’s anonymous gossip writer, Lady Whistledown, and the star has hinted there’s more to come from the scandalous writer. Speaking on Claudia Winkleman’s BBC Radio 2 show, she said: ‘[After] that reveal at the end of series one, you very much get to see behind the curtain in series two. ‘We see how she gets away with the things that she gets away with. And for me, it was so much fun because in series one she’s a shy, retiring wallflower, and then series two you go, “oh, she’s got all this new stuff going on,” and it was extremely fun to film.’ The popular programme, which is set in 1813 Regency England, had viewers hooked on its raunchy storylines and diverse casting – not to mention its sumptuous costumes. However, Nicola herself didn’t predict the show would turn into a viral phenomenon. The streaming giant shared that Shonda Rhimes’ creation, which has already been renewed for three more chapters, topped its top 10 list with 625million hours streamed and 82million accounts tuning in. Describing the viewing figures as ‘absolutely bonkers,’ she said: ‘There’s sort of insane numbers of people, like, 82million people in the first month is not something that you can ever wish for or get your head around. ‘It’s amazing.’ The first season saw romance blossom between Simon Basset, Duke of Hastings (Regé-Jean Page) and Daphne Bridgerton (Phoebe Dynevor), which left fans wondering when Penelope would get her happily ever after. Bridgerton released first look images of the second season last month showing Kate getting up close and personal with Anthony, the new lead looking sleek while out shooting and Penelope sharing a private conversation with her close friend Eloise Bridgerton (​​Claudia Jessie). One picture also showed the return of Phoebe as Daphne, although fans were devastated to learn that Regé-Jean won’t be reprising his role as the dashing duke. Bridgerton season two returns to Netflix on March 25. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The One Show viewers in hysterics at presenters’ attempts to avoid saying NSFW name of Jonathan Bailey and Taron Egerton’s play MORE : First look pictures of new Bridgerton-themed dating show – and consider us intrigued 