Looking at the gloriously pink living room and mint green doorframes, you wouldn’t imagine that this house in Cambridgeshire used to be part of a prison. But it’s true – in the 19th century, the Grade II listed property served as the jail’s home for the chief warden. There are some clues to the property – which is now going on the market for £350,000 – having an unusual history, from an Anderson bomb shelter in the garden, the prison’s well, and rumours that there is a cell hidden somewhere in the house (which the current owners were never able to track down). The jail is now shut down and the property can be sold as a nice home in need of refurbishment, but back in the day, the building saw a lot of drama. After opening in 1828, Huntingdon County Jail saw 11,000 imprisonments and multiple jail breaks, with the first happening just four months after the first day. It wasn’t popular with local residents, and in 1886 the prison shut down, with all inmates moved to Bedford Prison. Now, only the governer’s house, chief warden’s house, and the chapel survive. The chief warden’s house was bought by its current owners in 1959 and used as a home, and is now going up for auction. For anyone keen, the property has a lot of potential – but it does need some work. It offers 2,200 sq ft of space, with a kitchen, dining room, sitting room, utility room, and store rooms on the ground floor, then four bedrooms, a study, and a family bathroom upstairs. The decor is a touch dated – check out those patterned carpets – but could be a delight for any retro style fans. Outside is a detached brick garage with an attached workshop, along with a shelter built during the Second World War. Ian Kitson, from Cheffins, who are auctioning the house, said: ‘This is a fairly unique property in terms of its history, one of a pair of houses built next to each other. ‘It has got a wonderful look to about it, it’s a really handsome house on a corner plot and having an interesting history like that is something people always love to have. ‘You can see why people would get excited by it. ‘It was probably refurbished in the 1960s and hasn’t been touched much since so it offers someone the chance to come in and do it to their spec and give it it’s next lease of life. ‘The family have always been told that there is a steel-lined cell somewhere within the property. ‘I think the suggestion is that the wardens would put inmates there if they were particularly bad, although why you would remove them from the prison I’m not sure. ‘They have never been able to find it though. There’s also an Anderson shelter under the floor in the detached garage built during the war. ‘It’s those extra quirks that adds to the mystery.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Canary Wharf is becoming a property hotspot as people flock back to London MORE : Immerse yourself in wild Wales with a stay at this stunning hidden treehouse MORE : Cabin-like Surrey studio flat on sale for £200k has bedroom inside a hole in a wall (with three ‘steps’ to help you get in)