It’s been a monumentally grim week for news – even by pandemic standards. We wouldn’t blame you for hating the idea of rehashing it all on the day your weekend has finally started. But before you head out to drown your state-of-the-world sorrows in a pint, Metro.co.uk has summarised everything you need to know to justify ‘just one more’. Plus, it’s pretty important. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live After weeks of tense speculation about whether Russia would invade Ukraine, president Vladimir Putin gave the green light and chaos completely descended on the eastern European country on Thursday. Air raid sirens have sounded across Ukraine as multiple targets were hit with missile strikes. Dramatic photos show apartment buildings utterly destroyed in Kyiv and other big cities. Many families tried to flee Kyiv but traffic jams around the capital have made this very difficult. Thousands spent Thursday night in makeshift bomb bunkers, which included Kyiv’s underground subway network. The Russian military insists there ‘no threat to civilian population’ but several towns and cities have been targeted. By the end of Thursday, Russian forces had captured Chernobyl – a still-active nuclear site which lies around 60 miles from Kyiv. Radiation levels have risen since the capture but not to any critical stage yet. Experts estimate the change has been brought on by heavy military equipment disturbing soil and lifting radioactive dust into the air. Russia claimed it seized Kyiv and cut the capital off from the West yesterday afternoon. But  Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky insists Kyiv is still under his control. The Ukrainian government urged its citizens to help soldiers and make Molotov cocktails to ‘neutralise the enemy’. Ukraine today announced that 198 people have died in just two days of fighting, including three children, whilst 1,115 people, including 33 children, have been wounded. Mr Zelensky said Putin has put a target on him and his family’s heads but he has insisted he will not leave Kyiv. In a speech from his bunker, president Zelensky appealed to Ukraine’s western neighbours to toughen their reactions. He said: ‘If you don’t help us now, if you fail to offer a powerful assistance to Ukraine, tomorrow the war will knock on your door.’ TL;DR: Russia has taken the capital and Ukraine’s president is asking for help. Earlier this week, before Russia’s invasion turned into the full-scale attack we are seeing now, Boris Johnson set out several milder sanctions against the superpower. He froze the assets of five Russian banks and imposed travel bans on three Russian oligarchs. Critics called for harsher action and the prime minister on Thursday announced the ‘largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen’. Mr Johnson said he would ‘exclude Russian banks from the British financial system’ by stopping them from accessing sterling and clearing payments through the UK. As well as making the UK’s banking sanctions more severe, Mr Johnson has come down harder on Russian billionaires – including Putin’s former son-in-law. More than 100 businesses and individuals with dealings in the UK have also been targeted. Although the UK and other Nato nations have sent weapons to Ukraine as individual countries, the alliance itself has not become involved as Ukraine is not a member. However, Nato leaders decided on Friday to step up its defence of Ukraine’s surrounding countries. The alliance will send parts of its 40,000-strong response force to its members in the east. Secretary general Jens Stoltenberg said it was clear the Kremlin’s objectives were ‘not limited to Ukraine’ and that the alliance would ‘do what it takes to protect and defend every ally and every inch of Nato territory’. Mr Johnson delivered a powerful speech on Thursday, telling the Commons: ‘Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands.’ TL;DR: The UK has harshened sanctions against Russia. In news you never thought could ever be overshadowed, people who get coronavirus no longer have to isolate. As part of the Government’s ‘living with Covid’ plan, those who get infected are under no legal obligation to quarantine. However, the public health advice is still to stay at home for five days and limit your contact with other people. It comes with an end to free Covid testing, compulsory face masks, routine contact tracing, £500 self-isolation payments and more. Yes, the pandemic and all the ways it has irreversibly changed our lives has come to some sort of an anti-climactic end on a random Thursday. TL;DR: Stay at home if you have Covid but no one will fine you if you don’t. Her Majesty tested positive for the virus on Sunday, after she started to feel ill the week before. This will be the second week the Queen has felt too unwell to carry out virtual engagements but Buckingham Palace insists she is continuing with ‘light duties’. Many Brits are worried about the 95-year-old monarch, who has spent more than three months resting on doctors’ orders anyway. She is understood to be triple-jabbed and getting very good medical treatment. TL;DR: As always, Her Majesty is keeping calm and carrying on. Loads of people have had the time to take up new hobbies in the last two hellish years, and Tom Quirk, 36, used these spare hours to polish up on his secret talent – creating art with his vacuum cleaner. But this Avante Garde artwork is no lockdown fad pining after the love and care you can no longer be bothered to give it. No. This love affair started before any restrictions came along, and it’s clear the relationship will survive the faster pace of regular life. Tom started just by messing around, but now he is able to make stunning portraits of famous people, including Slash, the Mona Lisa and Donald Trump. He said: ‘You have to hoover the rug all over in just one direction first so it gives you an all over light image. ‘Then I remove the hose and add the thin attachment to the end and drag the long fibres the opposite direction to get the shadows of faces. ‘It normally takes me about 15 to 20 minutes which isn’t bad considering it took Leonardo Da Vinci four years to do the Mona Lisa.’ TL;DR: Pick up your pandemic hobby again. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.