A pensioner who suffered sleepless nights for 40 years because of her own snoring has cured the problem. The cure? Taping her mouth shut. Alice Roberts, 70, spent decades of her life lying awake at night due to the noise and it often left her exhausted the following day. To stop the problem, Alice tried everything but nothing would work. However, she happened upon a possible cure while scrolling on Instagram. The method? Taping her mouth shut. Alice began by popping a two-inch piece of micropore tape across the centre of her lips every night to stop her mouth falling open while she slept. And it seems the taping worked. She now regularly sleeps through the night and wakes up with buckets of energy. ‘This has really changed my life for the better – my emotional health the most,’ says Alice, a retired fitness instructor from Ware, Herts. ‘You don’t have to do it forever but I find it so comforting I wouldn’t sleep without it now. ‘I was always exhausted, and tiredness brings you down, so I just felt sad a lot of the time. ‘I exercise, and live by a river, and I’ve got so much going for me, so I couldn’t understand why I felt so sad all the time. ‘Now I know it’s because I couldn’t get a good night’s sleep. I know I’m my own clinical study but it really works and it costs pennies. ‘I had dark circles under my eyes and I don’t now and it’s made my jawline more firm. I really believe this will become a great trend and help lots of people.’ Alice found out she had a deviated septum, which made her breathe through her mouth in her sleep and snore. The mum-of-two would wake thirsty, with a mouth and tongue like sand-paper, and she wouldn’t be able to fall back to sleep for at least another hour. Her snores were so loud a friend refused to go on holiday with her for a second time. Meanwhile, single Alice feared it would put off future partners. ‘It was awful,’ she explains. ‘So appalling. It woke me up, and I’m sure my neighbours could hear it. ‘It’s so unattractive. I tried everything to stop it.’ Alice learned about mouth taping on Instagram but notes was first written about in 1890. Back then, some people used sheets of gelatin to hold their lips shut. Mouth taping at night is said to help people breathe through their nose and increase oxygen levels in the body. Other supposed health benefits include reduced tiredness, improved heart health, sexual function, mood, and blood circulation. Alice claims mouth taping also improved her memory, and she can now recall a phone number even if she has read it only once. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Expert shares 27 tips to get a better night’s sleep MORE : An expert reveals the best bedding for your sleep style MORE : Woman shares hack for sizing jeans without ever having to try them on