The Ukrainian community in the UK has warned that ‘unimaginable’ suffering will result if Russia escalates its military advance into Ukraine. The Association of Ukrainians in Great Britain (AUGB) said that the country faces a ‘humanitarian disaster’ with a ‘significant’ death toll. The group is calling on the British government to introduce a range of measures including targeting Russian economic interests and providing defensive military support. The AUGB has sent a letter to Foreign Secretary Liz Truss after Vladimir Putin recognised two self-declared, pro-Russian republics in Ukraine’s eastern Donbass region as independent states and sent so-called ‘peacekeeping’ forces into the territories. An estimated 160,000 Russian troops are gathered on the country’s borders, with heightened fears that a full-scale invasion could follow. Yaroslaw Tymchyshyn, chair of the association’s Bolton branch, said that Putin wants to ‘wipe Ukraine off the face of the Earth’. But he told Metro.co.uk that his family in the west of the nation would not be leaving their homes for other countries, even in the event of a large-scale assault. Mr Tymchyshyn said: ‘It is worrying seeing the tanks go in, although the Russians have already had tanks in the Donbass for eight years. ‘Putin seems hell bent on controlling the whole of Ukraine. ‘He has categorically said he does not see it as a country and he wants to wipe Ukraine off the face of the Earth. ‘I don’t trust anything he says. He’s saying one thing and doing another, which is like appeasement at Munich all over again. ‘My family is in the far west, in Lviv, and they could quite easily hop over the border to Poland. That said, my cousin won’t want to give up the home where she lives with her husband and children. ‘She’d sooner get a pitchfork out and fight with that. My brother-in-law has said to me, “don’t worry, the machine gun is on the wall ready”. ‘They will not give up without a fight.’ The association framed the current escalation within the conflict that has taken place in the Donbass for the past eight years and led to 14,000 Ukrainian military and civilian deaths. Russian military vehicles were filmed overnight rolling into the region, home to the Donetsk and Luhansk ‘people’s republics’ recognised by Putin in his belligerent speech on Monday. In the letter, the association says: ‘As you will be well aware, the scope for prolonged military threats and potential further aggression is very real and the consequent humanitarian disaster would be unimaginable. ‘History shows us that Russia’s invading forces will have no regard to the safety and human rights of the civilian population, that the death toll will be significant and that war crimes will be committed.’ The association called for a range of measures including ‘immediate sanctions on Russian banks and businesses operating in the UK’ and increased defensive military support for Ukraine. Written before Boris Johnson announced the UK’s response with a ‘first barrage’ of sanctions this afternoon, the letter thanked the British government for the support it has given Ukraine so far but warned that ‘the window for diplomacy has closed’. The message continued: ‘The Kremlin’s formal recognition today of its proxy self-proclaimed separatist ‘Donetsk and Luhansk People’s Republics’ will allow it to openly advance its troops still further into Ukraine – and the tone of President Putin’s speech shows that he has no intention of stopping his attempt to recreate the Soviet Union.’ Ukrainians in the UK have also rallied behind a fund to raise money for humanitarian aid in the event of large-scale invasion. The diaspora say millions face ‘cold, hunger and violence’ if a wider assault takes place, and have raised more than £24,000 so far. In a statement to parliament this afternoon, the Prime Minister announced that the UK is sanctioning five Russian banks and three ‘high networth’ individuals, who will have their assets frozen and be subject to travel bans. He said: ‘We should steel ourselves for a protracted crisis. The UK will meet this crisis side by side with its allies.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.