Thomas Tuchel says there are ‘no hard feelings’ between himself and Romelu Lukaku after the striker was dropped for Chelsea’s crunch Champions League clash against Lille earlier this week. The £97.5million summer signing is enduring a patchy run of form, and registered just seven touches against Crystal Palace last weekend. Tuchel took the decision to leave Lukaku on the bench for the all-important first leg of the last-16 Champions League tie with Lille on Tuesday, with Kai Havertz chosen to lead the line instead. Germany international Havertz opened the scoring for his side in a 2-0 victory at Stamford Bridge which has put the Blues in a strong position ahead of the second leg. When asked how Lukaku has been this week, Tuchel told reporters on Friday: ‘I would say good, like everybody else. ‘I know he’s an important player. If you pay a lot of money these days for one single player there’s a lot of focus on the player. ‘But if you allow yourself to zoom a little bit out, he played a lot of matches from the start. ‘We had a similar situation for example with Jorginho, one of our captains, and did not play so much from the beginning lately because we feel him a little bit mentally tired. ‘The focus is hugely on Romelu which I can understand but the situation is more or less the same as Jorginho in that sometimes it’s not fair and it’s a bit too much. ‘The decisions are made clear and the players accept. Once you play for Chelsea, you accept the team goes first and that’s why there are no hard feelings, not from Romelu, not from me, or from anybody else. ‘There were a lot of players who wanted to be on the pitch in the last matches and have not played because only 11 can start and that will never change.’ The Chelsea boss will have another decision to make for this Sunday’s Carabao Cup final against Liverpool. MORE : Chelsea star Kepa Arrizabalaga feels Thomas Tuchel owes him start against Liverpool MORE : Romelu Lukaku is ‘£100m wasted’ because Thomas Tuchel uses him incorrectly at Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 