Cardi B has weighed in on the escalating situation between Russia and Ukraine, begging world leaders to think about the citizens caught in the middle. The WAP rapper, 29, was engaging with fans on Twitter when she was questioned on her thoughts about the crisis, as footage of Russian tanks entering Ukraine emerged overnight. ‘Wonder what @iamcardib thinks about this whole Russia thing,’ a follower asked, with the mom-of-two jumping straight in with her thoughts. Quote-tweeting the post, she said: ‘Wish these world leaders stop tripping about power and really think about whose really getting affected (citizens) besides the whole world is in a crisis. ‘War, sanctions, invasions should be the last thing these leaders should worry about.’ Cardi later uploaded a video on the platform, insisting that she hadn’t been ‘hacked’ – but shared her fears over being so open with such a huge platform. ‘The phone is not hacked, it’s really me,’ she told followers. ‘I actually wanna say a lot of things but I’m just gonna mind my business because sometimes I feel like I have such a big platform that if I don’t say the right things, I might get killed. ‘But I’m really not on Nato’s side, I’m really not on Russia’s side, I’m actually on the citizens side because at the end of the day the world is having a crisis right now. ‘There’s inflation, not only in America but everywhere in the world. It’s really hard to get the economy back up. There is so much shipments and embarkments backed up. ‘China’s not really messing with us so a lot of things are behind, a lot of goods are behind and this s**t just made it way more complicated. ‘So I’m just really annoyed by this and I really wish that all world leaders right now just really come with a logical conclusion but…. Whatever… Hmmm.’ Fans flooded the post with praise for the Grammy-winner for using her platform to shed light on huge topics in an informed way. One replied: ‘I LOVE when @iamcardib shows up like this… You are so smart!!! You are talking on international relation issues and I love it when you do! ‘Don’t ever back down ever, when you talk on politics! I burst with with pride! Love you Cardi!’ ‘Well said..I love when you speak on politics and peace..you’re really smart, but never get credit for it,’ another agreed. ‘Keep speaking facts sweetheart.’ ‘I’m glad and really proud you’re one of those few people with a big platform who can give an opinion about important things because people like that can make a change,’ a follower commented. ‘Sis this is your calling. I don’t always listen to celebrities and their stance on world crisis because it’s just for a coin but you really care,’ a Twitter user added. ‘I swear I love you for this.’ Cardi’s post comes as President Putin recognised two breakaway regions of eastern Ukraine as independent states in a major escalation of tensions – a move that has been described as an ‘ill omen’ by worried world leaders. There has been heavy fighting overnight around Luhansk and Donetsk, two areas which have been held by pro-Russian separatists since 2014 – but yesterday Putin signed agreements on cooperation and friendship with the two regions. He said he would send Russian troops to the two areas for ‘peacekeeping’ – raising fears that this could mark the start of a military incursion. Russian troops appear to be on the move towards the illegal republics in the east of Ukraine with unverified footage circulated on social media appearing to show convoys of vehicles heading into Ukraine. Reuters also reported seeing new levels of heavy military vehicles around Donetsk overnight, including tanks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Call The Midwife’s Helen George opens up on painful pregnancy condition: ‘It seemed the right time to talk about it’ MORE : Katie Price and fiance Carl Woods pictured enjoying luxurious getaway as he’s charged with ‘threatening and abusive behaviour’ 