Charlize Theron made an explosive claim that she ‘didn’t feel safe’ working with Tom Hardy on set of Mad Max: Fury Road after they had an ‘aggressive’ confrontation, according to a book by a member of the film set. The two stars worked together on George Miller’s 2015 sequel to the blockbuster hit Mad Max, with Hardy playing the titular character and Theron making her debut as new character Imperator Furiosa. However, it is alleged that their working relationship turned sour when Hardy, 44, turned up to set late one day when Theron, 46, was already in costume and positioned to film a scene. According to Kyle Buchanan’s book Blood, Sweat, and Chrome: The Wild and True Story of Mad Max: Fury Road, Theron was a new mum at the time and didn’t want to waste time on set. When Hardy arrived two hours later, Theron reportedly approached him and began ‘swearing her head off’ demanding he be fined for every minute production was held up. In the book, which has been serialised by Vanity Fair, camera operator Mark Goellnicht recalled it being a ‘full rant’ but that Hardy barely heard her because of the loud set. He described Hardy as ‘quite aggressive’ and said Theron ‘really felt threatened’. ‘That was the turning point, because then she said, “I want someone as protection”. She then had a producer that was assigned to be with her all the time,’ Goellnicht claimed. Theron addressed the incident with author Buchanan and explained: ‘It got to a place where it was kind of out of hand, and there was a sense that maybe sending a woman producer down could maybe equalise some of it, because I didn’t feel safe. ‘I kind of put my foot down. George then said, “Okay, well, if Denise comes…” He was open to it and that kind of made me breathe a little bit, because it felt like I would have another woman understanding what I was up against.’ Hardy also said of the incident and tension with his co-star: ‘In hindsight, I was in over my head in many ways. The pressure on both of us was overwhelming at times. ‘What she needed was a better, perhaps more experienced partner in me, I’d like to think that now that I’m older and uglier, I could rise to that occasion.’ Theron and Hardy have both spoken about their feud in the past and attributed it to the film’s gruelling schedule and a lack of trust in each other. Buchanan’s book also details Hardy’s extreme method acting, which reportedly including ‘spitting’ at Armie Hammer when they both auditioned for the part of Max. Mad Max: Fury Road also starred Zoe Kravitz and Nicholas Hoult and grossed an impressive $375million (£276m) at the box office. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Theron and Hardy’s reps for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC Breakfast viewers praise Dan Walker for ‘absolutely skewering’ Liz Truss with her own photo alongside Russian Tory donor MORE : Idris Elba announces plans to ‘lean away’ from movies in favour of music: ‘It could be the death of my acting’ 