Brian Cox might not think he’s too similar to his Succession character Logan Roy – but he certainly took a leaf out of the business titan’s book by swearing on Loose Women. On Wednesday’s edition of the show, the panel welcomed the esteemed actor into the ITV studio, where he spoke about his headline-grabbing book Putting the Rabbit in the Hat. While the 75-year-old is not known to mince his words, having blasted Prime Minister Boris Johnson in a recent dig, he insisted that he does not believe he is similar in nature to Roy, when Jane Moore asked if he is the ‘closest character’ to him in terms of ‘personality’. ‘I wouldn’t say that. I have an empathy for Logan Roy, I think he’s a little bit understood actually. He’s a self-made man, he probably started off at one side of the political spectrum and then ended up at the other side of it through experience and through disappointment,’ he replied. ‘The one thing we share in common is the disappointment with the human experiment. We do believe that, in the current crisis we’re living in, I can’t believe that we’re still in the same – excuse me – s**t that we’ve been in time and time again.’ Jane immediately issued an apology to viewers over Brian’s swearing blunder, clearing her throat as she said: ‘This is daytime television, apologies, Mr Cox is going to go wash his mouth out with soap.’ Brian also apologised, before adding: ‘At least I’m not saying the f word.’ After Janet Street-Porter asked if he swears as much as his character, he admitted that he does ‘now’, saying that it’s ‘totally infectious’. So perhaps he’s more similar to his on-screen role than he realises? Despite the actor’s mishap, several viewers loved seeing him on the ITV programme. ‘What a legend Brian Cox is – I could have listened to him for the entire show. I must read his book,’ one person tweeted, while another said: ‘Brian Cox is a legend and I just wish he signed off his segment Logan Roy style… “f**k off!” But I’ll settle for s**t.’ Earlier on the show, the Braveheart star opened up about the criticism he received from fans of Johnny Depp, after describing the actor as ‘overrated’ in his book. When asked by Jane if there was any ‘pushback’ to the scathing remarks he makes in his writing, Brian confessed that he did ‘particularly’ from ‘the Johnny Depp fan club’. ‘I discovered actually it’s not even from individuals, it’s from some sort of Johnny Depp protection society. I’ve stopped looking at it,’ he said. He added that the addendum that he wrote addressing the comments was actually penned before the book was made available to buy, but ‘unfortunately it didn’t go out’ at the time. Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Fans spot subtle Succession nod in And Just Like That and we demand a crossover MORE : ‘The money was not all that great’: Succession’s Brian Cox reveals why he turned down Game of Thrones role 