Three convicted terrorists including the brother of the Manchester bomber have been found guilty of attacking a prison officer. Paul Edwards, 57, thought he was going to die as he was hit with a chair and repeatedly punched and kicked by Hashem Abedi, 24, Ahmed Hassan, 22, and Muhammed Saeed, 23. Abedi conspired with his elder brother, Salman, 22, who killed 22 people and injured hundreds more following an Ariana Grande concert in May, 2017. He was suspected of being the leader of a group of Islamist terrorist inmates inside the high-security prison in south-east London, a court heard. Abedi is seen smiling in CCTV footage before he, Hassan and Saeed storm Mr Edwards’ office, where he operated an ‘open door policy’. Mr Edwards told jurors: ‘I feared for my life, and I genuinely thought if I hadn’t fought back I would’ve ended up with at least extreme injuries or dead.’ He said ‘it felt like a lifetime’ before colleagues, including Nick Barnett, came to his aid seconds later. ‘It was just like a pack of animals on Mr Edwards,’ said Mr Barnett, who was kicked in the leg by Abedi during the melee. Pictures released by police showed blood on Mr Edwards’ shirt, as well as lacerations to his head and bruising to his back, rib cage and face. All three prisoners denied assault but were found guilty at Woolwich Crown Court today. They are due to be sentenced later today. Abedi is serving 24 life sentences with a minimum term of 55 years after he was found guilty of 22 counts of murder, attempted murder and plotting to cause an explosion. Hassan was sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 34 years in 2018 after planting a device that injured 51 passengers at Parsons Green station in south-west London in September 2017. Saeed was jailed for five years in May last year after pleading guilty to five counts of possessing an article for terrorist purposes. The jury was not told about their convictions or that all three were involved in a fight with a group of non-Muslim prisoners on March 1, 2020. This meant they lost privileges including their televisions, and would have had fewer visits and no access to games stations and DVD players. The court heard Abedi had orchestrated six complaint letters from prisoners, including Mohiussunnath Chowdhury, 30, a jihadist jailed for life after plotting a gun and knife rampage at London tourist hotspots. Abedi, who defended himself, accused other prison officers of lying in their statements as he questioned them from the dock. In a closing speech, he said: ‘I don’t think we get treated like other prisoners.’ When Abedi appeared in court to answer the charge that he assaulted Mr Edwards, he said: ‘I did assault that filthy pig, but I don’t see any wrongdoing.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.