‘Mia* is just so so good. And you… you’re just so… charming.’ Safe to say, to be painted as lesser than my colleague during an appraisal was not what I wanted to hear. I remember sitting stunned in our office’s only meeting room, with its transparent glass wall exposing me and my discomfort to any colleague who cared to look. I took a long sip of water, trying to hide the fact that I was about to cry. On another occasion, one of my seniors told me that, if I couldn’t make it there, I wouldn’t be able to make it anywhere. By this point, it was very clear that I was struggling with what I now know were unfeasible expectations. While I have since gone on to prove him very, very wrong, at the time it was hell. This is how I learned first-hand that no job is worth the destruction of your mental health. Mia and I had been hired the same time, and were constantly pitted against each other from the start, with senior members of staff referring to the competition between us as ‘the hunger games’ – a move that displayed an astounding lack of self-awareness, especially given that we were then being paid below the living wage. Last weekend, that Facebook ‘memories’ feature took it upon itself to show me a photo that had been taken from around this time. I was struck by how much weight I’d lost. Thanks to a combination of poor mental health, a low wage, and turning to exercise for stress relief, I hit a weight that I now recognise as unnatural for me, but I don’t remember being remotely aware of a change in my appearance at the time. I was more preoccupied with believing I was an unteachable idiot, irrevocably hopeless at absolutely everything, bereft of a future. I thought I had to rethink my whole life to account for how utterly useless I was. Mia left the company before me, and once described working there as being akin to a mentally abusive relationship. This has always stuck with me, especially now that I can recognise my experience as workplace gaslighting. When I broke down in front of one of my bosses at a party, he seemed almost amused. His perspective was trusted above and beyond mine and so when he turned on me, my credibility there vanished. When I said I was struggling with the workload, it became a me problem, rather than something management could and should have helped me with. Once, an editor gathered everyone around the projector and, one by one displayed articles we’d written that he thought were left wanting. Billed as a teaching exercise, he encouraged us all to laugh at each other’s mistakes – mine, of course, included. When I raised this with him as an issue later, he couldn’t understand why it was a problem. To him, it seemed like it was a laugh, but he was in control and the rest of us had no say in the joke. Eventually, it got so bad there that I was sneaking to the bathroom to have a cry at least once a day. I would have taken any job to get out by the end, although it took me too long to get to that point. My plan was to move companies and just keep moving before they too realised what a mistake they’d made in hiring me. Instead, I found a good place to work right when I needed it the most. They paid me properly, they trusted me, and they promoted me. My sweet team enabled me to build my self-esteem up from less than zero, and I learned that, actually, I’m not an unteachable idiot. I was just gaslit into thinking I was. I got back to my natural weight, and I stopped breaking down at parties. I don’t think those office bathrooms ever saw me cry. According to a 2015 poll conducted by the Trade Union Congress, nearly a third of people (29%) are bullied at work, and the demographics most likely to fall victim to bullying and harassment are women, black and Asian employees, and people with a disability. On top of that, Mind has it that one in six workers experience issues like anxiety, low mood, and stress at work. Under capitalism, it can be hard to separate our sense of self-worth from our perceived professional successes and failings. But when I think about statistics like these, I’m reminded that I never want to lose that much of myself to a job ever again. I know the bullying I went through was beyond my control, but now that I can recognise the signs, I won’t think twice about leaving if I clock them again. I know now with absolute certainty that no company or corporation is worth your mental health. Sure, jobs can be stressful – that’s perfectly normal – but sadly there can be a very fine line between stress and being made to feel worthless. If the latter sounds like you, do everything in your power to get out. Your loyalty should be to yourself far above their bottom line, and if you have any true friends there, they’ll understand. *Name has been changed Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : BBC Three documentary unveils 50 employees swindled into working for company that never even existed MORE : Who are the ‘overemployed’? Meet the people secretly working two full-time jobs MORE : How your co-workers are affecting your relationship (and vice versa)