The Rasmus are officially have been confirmed to represent Finland in the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest. The In The Shadows hitmakers beat six other acts in a national competition, earning them the opportunity to perform the song Jezebel on the world’s stage. The Rasmus have been together for more than 30 years and are one of Finland’s most successful music acts, with In the Shadows breaking the 100million streaming mark on Spotify. According to them, Jezebel is a song for strong, independent women, who blaze their own trail. Previously speaking to Metro.co.uk, the Rasmus revealed they were excited to represent Finnish culture. ‘We come from Finland and want to tell stories about Finland, we want to talk about Finnish culture, which is… different,’ drummer Aki explained. ‘All the classic stories about guys having knives, and polar bears walking on the street and stuff like that. That is true, all of it!’ This week, Russia was banned from participating in Eurovision 2022, which will start on May 10, following outrage from several countries during the invasion of Ukraine. The EBU said the inclusion of a Russian entry – which hadn’t yet been chosen – in this year’s Contest would bring the competition into disrepute. The statement read: ‘The EBU has announced that no Russian act will participate in this year’s Eurovision Song Contest. ‘The Executive Board of the EBU made the decision following a recommendation earlier today by the Eurovision Song Contest’s governing body, the Reference Group, based on the rules of the event and the values of the EBU. The Reference Group recommendation was also supported by the EBU’s Television Committee. ‘The decision reflects concern that, in light of the unprecedented crisis in Ukraine, the inclusion of a Russian entry in this year’s Contest would bring the competition into disrepute. ‘Before making this decision the EBU took time to consult widely among its membership. ‘The EBU is an apolitical member organisation of broadcasters committed to upholding the values of public service. ‘We remain dedicated to protecting the values of a cultural competition which promotes international exchange and understanding, brings audiences together, celebrates diversity through music and unites Europe on one stage.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Rasmus on Eurovision, new members and the ‘unique’ magic of In The Shadows MORE : Remember The Rasmus? Iconic early 2000s rockers may represent Finland at this year’s Eurovision Song Contest 