A collection of fascinating photos show some derelict theatre venues across Europe. Photographer Dimitri Bourriau has visited thousands of abandoned sites all over the world and has captured them on camera. But the Paris-based photographer’s latest collection of work documents crumbling, abandoned theatres – a series that’s been six years in the making. The photo series, titled ‘Innuendo Teatro,’ brings together some of the most beautiful theatres that Dimitri ‘has ever visited.’ ‘I am passionate about architecture and theatres so I combined my two passions in photographing old theatres,’ the 38-year-old explains. ‘I have travelled several continents in search of abandoned theatres. I try to transcribe what I see in photos. ‘Photographing old theatres is not easy, it is often very dangerous. Buildings are often in danger of collapsing.’ Dimitri says one of his favourite theatres is the Gran Teatro Cerventes in Morocco –  an emblematic place of Tangier. The site was abandoned for more than 60 years and was an old Spanish theatre built by a wealthy merchant in 1913. Dimitri continues: ‘I had come across an old newspaper article that talked about this theatre. I had no idea if it still existed. I had forgotten its existence until one day, one of my contacts in Morocco told me about it. ‘I decided to take a plane ticket and go see this theatre for myself. I was surprised by the imposing size of the building. Once inside, it was extremely dark. I had to wait for the light to come in. ‘There was a real atmosphere, everything was still there, the seats, the stage, nothing had changed for 60 years. Everything was covered in dust. ‘I stayed several hours to visit all the rooms. It was the most beautiful abandoned theatre that I have discovered.’ Take a look at the photo series below: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The winning pictures from the Sony World Photography 2022 Awards will give you serious travel envy MORE : These winning snaps from the Wonderful Wildlife Photography Competition capture some incredible moments MORE : Woman provides free end of life pet photography for owners about to lose their four-legged friends