Experts are still in the dark about why around 200 starlings were found dead on the ground close to a seaside village. The mysterious deaths happened earlier in February, when people saw dozens of birds lying motionless on a road. Wildlife lovers are now calling for autopsies to find out why they came to be there. The deaths happened near the villages of Waterston and Hazelbeach in Pembrokeshire, Wales. One ornithologist fears the birds could have potentially been poisoned by the nearby Dragon LNG gas refinery before they fell to the ground. Cliff Benson, of wildlife group The Sea Trust, said: ‘The incident is a mystery, and is completely out of the normal ‘It may have been something to do with Dragon LNG, or it may have been a freak collision of murmurating birds. ‘There would need to be an autopsy on several of them to work out what injuries they sustained, either internal such as maybe intake of poisonous gas, or external such as broken bones from a collision. ‘Without such information, it is impossible to know.’ A spokeswoman for Dragon LNG denied there was anything unusual that could have led to the deaths, sayings: ‘It’s in the vicinity but it’s normal operations at Dragon LNG. There was nothing different at the plant.’ Tests on the birds are set to be carried out by officials but the results may not be known for some time. The RSPB previously told the BBC that the birds could have been disturbed during their evening roost. ‘When this happens during night-time, it can cause them to collide with the ground as they become disorientated,’ they said. ‘However, further examinations will be needed to confirm the cause of this incident.’ A Pembrokeshire Council spokesperson said: ‘Officers attended the site and there were around 200 starlings found dead on the road. ‘The authority undertook a clean-up and removed the dead birds from site. ‘There is no clear indication as to the cause of these deaths. ‘We have reported the incident to the Animal and Plant Health Agency.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.