Tyson Fury’s defence of his world heavyweight title against Dillian Whyte will take place at Wembley Stadium on 23 April, it has been confirmed. The all-British bout will see the Gypsy King put his WBC belt on the line against the Body Snatcher in Whyte’s first shot at world honours. A press conference is expected on Tuesday in London, with tickets for the fight going on sale at midday on Wednesday 2 March and it will be shown on BT Sport Box Office in the UK. The date of the fight was already known as Fury wrote on Twitter earlier this week that he was heading into training camp until 23 April. ‘About to go on total blackout until after the fight April 23 2022,’ the Gypsy King posted on Tuesday. ‘There may be update vids but won’t be from me. God bless you.’ In a video alongside that message, Fury said: ‘Going to go into training camp to give Dillian Whyte all the respect in the world that he needs. ‘I’ll never underestimate anybody in my life, and I’ll give this man all the respect he deserves. [He’s] coming in as the No1-ranked WBC heavyweight challenger in the world today. ‘Please don’t phone me, call me, email me, text me, or try to contact me in any single way – because I am out of bounds until May. ‘Have a fantastic time. I will see you all at the press conference. I’ll be training away, please appreciate my privacy and space until the press conference. I shall see you all soon, peace out.’ Fury won the WBC and Ring Magazine heavyweight titles when he stopped Deontay Wilder in their second bout in February 2020, before retaining them in their trilogy bout in October last year. Whyte has been pursuing a shot at heavyweight gold for years, amassing an 11-fight win streak after losing to Anthony Joshua in 2015. A shock knockout loss to Alexander Povetkin slowed his momentum, but he repaid the favour in the rematch in March 2021 and will step into the ring with Fury in his next bout. It will be a homecoming fight for Fury has he has not boxed in the UK since beating Francesco Pianeta in Belfast in August 2018, while Whyte has also been on his travels, knocking out Povetkin in Gibraltar on his last outing. MORE : ‘I’ll give this man all the respect he deserves’ – Tyson Fury sends classy message to Dillian Whyte after confirming fight date MORE : ‘My training camp is a mess!’ – Tyson Fury issues sarcastic response to Dillian Whyte signing contract after long delay For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 