A Scottish mum of two has saved a whopping £10,000 in just two years thanks to swapping to yellow sticker-only food shops. Jamie Tait, 44, has managed to shave 50% off the weekly shop for her family of four by opting for reduced food instead of fresh and full-price produce. The hairdresser, from Aberdeen, was not pleased when she realised her weekly shops were costing between £170 and £200, and that a lot of that food ended up going to waste. Jamie and her 50-year-old husband Alan, a telecommunications technician, decided they had to make a change. Now, their weekly shops cost as little as £70 a week, with the couple able to feel themselves and their children, Bradley, nine, and Naomi, six, for as little as £10 a day. Jamie said: ‘I have two jobs, and I’m self-employed in both areas. When the pandemic hit, my husband and I both took a huge dent in our wages, but we were shocked at how much we were haemorrhaging money. ‘Our weekly shopping would be £175 or more, and we found ourselves doing several shops each week, so the cost could sometimes be a lot higher. ‘I started shopping for just yellow sticker items and bought a freezer off of Facebook Marketplace, so I could store meats and baked goods and any other food I could find. ‘Throughout the pandemic, our spending was so little, that I was saving £100 a week by not spending it on food. ‘Once restrictions were lifted, I did end up going a bit mad with spending again but have since reverted to yellow sticker shops again. ‘The difference in spending is crazy.’ Jamie will stock up weekly on discounted things like fish, chicken, baked goods, and fruit and veg, browsing various supermarkets for the best deals. She said: ‘Every time I buy a loaf of bread now, it costs 10p or less, I can’t bring myself to buy full price loaves anymore, especially when you can freeze the reduced ones. ‘I get a lot of my fruit items from the Co-Op, I can get blueberries, parsnips, raspberries, and asparagus for £1.93 in total, reduced from £7.15. ‘Fresh fruit and vegetables last for ages as well; people are always so quick to throw things out by their ‘use by date’ but I actually had some fruit on my porridge that is over a week old, and it tasted perfectly fine. ‘I’m a bit of a food snob, so I do like to get the best quality produce and try to avoid junk food. ‘I get a lot of my discounted items from M&S, like steak link sausages for £1.20 down from £3 or fillet steaks for £1.90 down from £4.78. ‘Just after New Year’s Day in 2021, I actually stocked up a whole freezer of reduced items for about £50.’ Jamie also manages to get sweet treats like doughnuts for 50p and hot cross buns for 10p. On top of the supermarket budgeting, the family has also cut back on eating out and takeaway nights. Jamie said: ‘I’ve found that it is so much easier to buy reduced filling and loaves of bread than it is to get a meal deal sandwich. ‘I’ve found that since I started yellow sticker shopping, we’ve all eaten much healthier, and I’ve even managed to lose 7lbs. ‘Yellow sticker shopping has completely eliminated us constantly buying junk food, as we focus on healthier produce to cook big meals with instead, especially when it comes to batch cooking meals to eat the day after. ‘A lot of our spending went to takeaways, and we’d be spending £50 or more for each takeaway, and we’d be having two a week. ‘It’s my goal this year to finally have our house renovated with much-needed upgrades, something I wouldn’t have been able to do if our shopping spend was still through the roof.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Boots brings back iconic budget beauty line 17 MORE : The Hot List: Budget pick-me-ups to make your home feel brand new MORE : Veganuary: Chef shares simple hacks to eat healthily on a budget of just £1 per meal