Katie Price has revealed she wants more children and is going down the ‘IVF route’ with her fiancé Carl Woods. The mother-of-five appeared on Lorraine this morning to talk about the premiere of her follow-up BBC documentary Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next, which follows her eldest son flying the nest and moving to college. However as one child is leaving, Katie revealed she’s already thinking about the next one. The 43-year-old currently has five children with former partners: 19-year-old Harvey whose father is ex-footballer Dwight Yorke, Junior, 16, and Princess, 14, who she shares with singer Peter Andre, as well as son Jett, 8, and daughter Bunny, 7, with Kieran Hayler. ‘We’re doing the IVF route,’ she told Lorraine. ‘The thing is, it’s weird because although I feel young, my body’s not. ‘I’ve learned that each cycle you have, you lose eggs each time. I didn’t know that. ‘And obviously I’m 44 this year, and I haven’t got as many eggs as I wanted. So, we’re having to do IVF.’ Katie also added that after nearly two years together, the couple are planning to get married this year. Carl is currently facing a charge of abusive or threating insults or behaviors after an alleged incident in Essex last August, however, Katie has been keen to show that she is staying by his side. Discussing her recent run-ins with the law, the model added that she had recently received mental health support and that she planning to have therapy for the rest of her life. She explained: ‘Obviously I’ve done another stint in The Priory and that wasn’t rehab, that was nothing to do with alcohol or drugs, it was severe PTSD again. ‘I was in there due to what people had done to me that led me up to the car accident, that led me up to go into The Priory. ‘And I’ve decided to have therapy every week for the rest of my life.’ Price added that therapy helps her as she feels that she builds things up within herself and that she ’causes more damage’ that way. The TV star has documented her personal and family life over the years on social media and through documentaries, including BBC One programme Katie Price: Harvey And Me. The documentary explored her life with her son Harvey who was born with septo-optic dysplasia, Prader-Willi syndrome, autism and a learning disability. The follow-up programme, Katie Price: What Harvey Did Next, is due to air next month. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price claps back after Lorraine Kelly warns her to quit cosmetic surgery: ‘You sound like my mother!’ MORE : RuPaul’s Drag Race UK Vs The World fans convinced Katie Price has ‘no idea what’s happening’ as she takes on Snatch Game 