Students in Ukraine are being taught about explosives and bulletproof vests and practicing evacuation drills as the country fears a full-scale military onslaught. Dystopian photos show defence specialists conducting emergency training for schoolchildren in Kharkiv, located around 25 miles from the border with Russia. Russian President Vladimir Putin recognised the independence of Donetsk and Luhansk as independent entities on Monday evening and ordered ‘peacekeeping’ operations in the two rebel-held regions. Since then, as many as 190,000 soldiers have reportedly encircled the former Soviet nation, while President Volodymyr Zelenskiy was pushed to declare a state of emergency today. Kharkiv – the second-largest Ukrainian city – has now been identified as a possible target for the Kremlin, though the president’s spokesperson said he was speaking hypothetically. After weeks of rising tensions in eastern Europe, the city now borders military presence on two sides due to its disadvantaged position, stuck between Russia, and Donetsk and Luhansk, where shelling has intensified in the last 48 hours. Civilian defence specialist Oleksandr Shevchuk said: ‘We have started giving those drills for children more often to prevent situations such as children getting injured, or, God forbid, death. ‘We… let them try on our uniforms, bulletproof vests and helmets. ‘Show them what explosive items can be, so that they can become aware of situations that may happen to them.’ Red Cross volunteers also showed first aid actions during the emergency response drill. Nazar, one of the students, said: ‘This is quite relevant, given the situation that is generally developing between Ukraine and Russia. Yes, scary, very scary.’ Since Mr Putin’s rambling address to the nation, a number of NATO members, including Britain, have unveiled sanctions on Moscow’s wealth. Foreign secretary Liz Truss has threatened the country with tougher sanctions on key oligarchs and organisations, and limiting its access to the financial markets, if there is a full scale invasion of Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.