The Ukrainian military has announced that the border guards stationed on Snake Island are alive and have been taken captive by Russian forces. ‘We are very happy to know that our brothers are alive and well,’ they said. A defiant verbal exchange between the guards and Russian attackers released by the Ukrainian government went viral, showing the Russian captain demanding their surrender over a tannoy. He said: ‘This is a Russian warship. I propose you lay down your weapons and surrender to avoid bloodshed and unnecessary victims. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Otherwise you will be bombed.’ A male Ukrainian trooper is heard saying ‘So, this is it … Should I tell them to fuck themselves?’ A female comrade responds: ‘Well, just in case.’ The male guard is then heard using a loudspeaker to tell the invaders: ‘Russian warship, go f*** yourself.’ Following this, the guards had been presumed killed. However, a Ukrainian army statement posted on Facebook today said that communication with the island had been cut off so it was only now possible to establish the circumstances. ‘Repeated attempts to contact the staff and find out their fate were in vain,’ the said. ‘And the constant shelling by warships and aircraft of the Russian Federation did not allow [us] to deliver aid to the Marines. Russia had earlier reported that the islanders were taken captive. They released images showing soldiers they claimed had surrendered, saying they had been taken to Sevastopol in Crimea. The news comes as Russia continues its invasion of Ukraine, with heavy shelling reported in Kharkiv. Unverified footage shot by terrified residents appeared to show civilians lying dead in the street after bombs fell on residential areas. Earlier today, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov claimed that Vladimir Putin placed nuclear deterrence forces on high alert after statements from British foreign secretary Liz Truss. According to the Interfax news agency, Mr Peskov told a press briefing: ‘Statements were made by various representatives at various levels on possible altercations or even collisions and clashes between Nato and Russia. ‘We believe that such statements are absolutely unacceptable. ‘I would not call the authors of these statements by name, although it was the British foreign minister.’ This afternoon, Russia’s defence minister Sergei Shoigu reported to Mr Putin that command posts of all of Russia’s nuclear forces have been put on high alert and boosted with additional personnel. It applies to all components of Russian nuclear forces, the strategic missile forces that oversee land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, the Northern and Pacific Fleets that have submarine-launched intercontinental ballistic missiles, and the long-range aviation that has a fleet of nuclear-capable strategic bombers. Russia has also closed its airspace to 36 countries including the UK. A wave of sanctions targeting Russia have been announced from countries around the world since the invasion, including a UK ban on doing business with Russia’s central bank, national wealth fund or treasury. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.