Tabletop gaming isn’t always a multiplayer experience, as GameCentral looks at some of the best solo titles, from Mage Knight to Iron Helm. Solo gaming has become very fashionable of late, with gamers realising you don’t need to join a gaming club or spend hours checking calendars with friends for a meaningful night’s fun. More and more big titles are catering to those who prefer to play alone, including the forthcoming Frosthaven from the makers of blockbuster dungeon crawler Gloomhaven. Single-player games are a great way to unwind, escape the grind of other people, and drift off into a world of your own. Playing video games by yourself is a given but mention playing board games alone and until lately you might have got some funny looks. But just like reading a book or having a go at Wordle there’s something satisfying and rewarding about not having to rely on other people for your own entertainment. Game designers are now creating more and more dedicated solo experiences, while lots of multiplayer games are releasing solitaire variants. One of the great things about board games is the sense you’re all in it together, so without a human opponent or teammate how do you create a meaningful and enjoyable experience? A game that pits one player against all the odds is key for an enjoyable solo gaming experience, but it also has to not be too random or predictable. The most popular solo game of all time is Mage Knight. Based on a pre-existing miniatures game, it was released in 2011 and became a major source of inspiration for other solo board games. It’s hard on a Dark Souls level, which makes it, in turns, off-putting and compelling. Unlike a video game though, Mage Knight puts you in full control of the action, as you become your own Dungeon Master. You control the environment, the enemies, complex character attributes, reputation, and even how the passage of time will affect gameplay. Engaging with this level of immersion makes the game extremely addictive, as you destroy cities to win the game and increase your fame to level up. WizKids – £124.99 (Ultimate Edition) A more recent solo game, that’s gaining a reputation in the same fantasy vein, is Iron Helm. This retro indie title is a fast but tough solo dungeon crawler where you play as a hero in search of one last major haul before finally hanging up the sword and retiring to the sofa. You start the game with enough cash to equip yourselves for the adventure, but most spend this money wisely. Once you’re in the dungeon you’ll encounter some surprisingly tough enemies and traps. Each time feels unique and as you play, you’ll learn new skills and upgrade your character with items and treasure. To earn your retirement, you must vanquish the dungeon boss – then look back on your endeavours and tally points to determine how bountiful your pension will be. Short, small, and sturdy, this is a great way to spend an hour alone. The Game Crafter – $44.99 For something a little different we found that the escape room style EXIT games can make for some exciting solo gaming, where you don’t have to do all the work. The original The Enchanted Forest is a game of deduction where you solve puzzles to progress from room to room. This is a single playthrough game but worth the one-time expense of around a tenner. The papers and dials in the box are meant to be ripped up and folded, but after you’re done these can all go in the recycling, disappearing as quickly as your bridge home does at the beginning of the game. Talking animals and puzzles give you clues to three-digit codes which you line up on the decoder wheel to see if you’ve solved the puzzle. If the codes are correct it allows you to unlock the next stage of your journey. A fun and engaging way to spend a couple of hours, there are even hint cards for when you get well and truly stuck. Plus, you’ll never feel truly alone with the host of furry friends and foes you’ll encounter. We’re also really looking forward to The Lord of The Rings EXiT game coming later this year. Kosmos – £14 If a solo sci-fi battle against aliens is more your thing, Renegade Games’ solo series includes Warp’s Edge – a game where you use cards to build different loadouts to battle extraterrestrial motherships at warp speed. We also enjoyed their game Proving Grounds, where you play a female warrior in a game with a more traditional fantasy theme, where you enlist the services of a helpful dragon. These are great looking games which include well-made cards and choose your own adventure style storybooks to support backstory and immersion. Renegade Game Studios – £35.00 The number of mainstream solo games with high production values are increasing all that time, and there are plenty of more obscure offerings in the form of solo paper role-playing games. Play as a lone park ranger In Evergreen Wilds, which reminded us of video game Firewatch as you investigate strange incidents and explore untouched locales trying to keep the park pristine. Disaster Tourism – $3.00 Had your fill of Wordle? You might be looking for a new way to fulfil your inner wordsmith, so why not try Quill: A Letter-Writing Roleplaying Game for a Single Player (yes, that’s the full title). Choose characters such as a poet or a scholar and skills ranging from inspiration to illumination and match them to your writing style, in this charming role-player set in a fantasy medieval land where you roll dice checks for success in various scenarios. Each letter needs to impress the recipient, whether it’s a love letter or a warning about enemy spies, but be warned that a bad roll could see you coming across more E. L. James than Shakespeare. Trollish Delver Games – free/$1 Far too close to home is the solo anti-work role-playing game Hope is Not a Plan, with themes of professional disappointment and workplace stress weighting you down as you’re trying to deliver a ‘very complicated engineering project’ on time and under budget – much more terrifying than any orc or goblin king you could come across. Use a copy of Jenga to visualise the tumbling tower block that is a metaphor for your career. Deus Ex Minima – $9.00 Can solo gaming create the same level of fun horror and challenge as playing a video game alone? It seems so, as over the last couple of years solo gaming has become its own genre of tabletop gaming, rather than something sad you do if you haven’t got any friends. Plus, as you can see, many of the simpler examples are free or close to it. Just like solo puzzles such as Wordle and crosswords, solo gaming isn’t all about the pursuit of relaxation, it’s a challenge. But it allows you to write your own stories and exercise your mind. There’s already plenty of replayable and rewarding, immersive and unpredictable, solo games out there, making not going out that much more appealing for those after some enjoyable me time. By Lucy Orr Email gamecentral@metro.co.uk, leave a comment below, and follow us on Twitter. MORE : Dark Souls: The Roleplaying Game hands-on preview – prepare to roll MORE : Elden Ring PC players get to play an hour earlier than console MORE : Elden Ring launch could be ruined by Dark Souls PC exploit Follow Metro Gaming on Twitter and email us at gamecentral@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our Gaming page. 