Russia’s ambassador to the United Nations, has refused to call the Ukraine crisis a ‘war’ and instead branded it a ‘special military operation’. Vasily Nebenzya made the comments at a press conference at the emergency General Assembly to discuss Russia’s invasion – one which the ambassador had to halt to take a phone call. It came as sanctions continue to bite against Russia, with Finland even moving to block the sales of Russian vodka and as 12 Russian diplomats were accused of spying and told to leave the US. Referencing the war in Ukraine, Mr Nebenzya said: ‘This is a special military operation, which it is commonly called. I wouldn’t call it a war, because war means outright military hostilities. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘As you know, we announced it and we maintain that we’re only targeting military objects in Ukraine, we do not target any civilian infrastructure.’ The comments are despite unverified footage surfacing earlier today, claiming to show civilians lying dead in the street following heavy shelling in the residential areas of Kharkiv – Ukraine’s second largest city. The International Criminal Court has also confirmed this evening that Russia will soon be investigated for possible war crimes and crimes against humanity over the conflict. In the same news conference, Mr Nebenzya revealed 12 UN diplomats have been ordered to leave the United States by March 7 – information the ambassador received over the phone during the briefing. He told the press: ‘I have just received information that the US authorities have undertaken … action against the Russian mission to the United Nations, grossly violating the commitments in the cross-country agreement that they took. ‘They’re announcing 12 people from the Russian mission … and they are demanding that they will leave by March 7. ‘They have just visited the Russian mission and gave us a note prescribing us to do what they demand. Mr Nebenzya went on to describe the decision as ‘sad news’ and ‘gross disrespect’ to the UN agreement with the US – as host of the United Nations – and of the Vienna Convention, which governs diplomatic relations. The news was later confirmed by Olivia Dalton, spokesperson for the US mission to the UN, who said in a Twitter thread: ‘The US has informed the Russian Mission that we are beginning the process of expelling 12 intelligence operatives from the Russian Mission who have abused their privileges of residency in the US by engaging in espionage activities that are adverse to our national security. ‘We are taking this action in accordance with the headquarters agreement. Today’s action has been in the works for several months.’ The move is the latest sanction from the international community in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine last week, while Finland has announced it has suspended the sale of Russian alcohol in protest against Vladimir Putin’s actions. Anu Koskinen, vice president of selection and procurement at Alko – Finland’s alcoholic beverage monopoly – said in a statement: ‘The situation in Ukraine is exceptional and shocking, and we have taken the situation seriously.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.