Premier League footballer Emiliano Sala had ‘no concerns’ about flying in the private jet which crashed on its return journey north of Guernsey, killing him and the pilot. The Argentina-born striker died in the English Channel disaster in January 2019, with his decomposing body discovered in the wreckage nearly three weeks later. Bournemouth Coroner’s Court heard the 28-year-old had been flying to Wales from France to join Cardiff City in a £15 million transfer. He had been anxious to go back to say goodbye to his teammates from Ligue 1 Nantes and collect his belongings before his first training session at Cardiff City, the inquest was told by Scottish footballer Jack McKay. Giving evidence, the 25-year-old footballer who now plays for York City said he had called upon his dad, agent Willie McKay, to arrange the flight. In a text message to Mr Sala, he wrote: ‘My dad said if you want to go home tomorrow we can organise a plane for you to go back to Nantes and come back on Monday before training on Tuesday.’ The former Cardiff City player had been acting as an intermediary between the two because he speaks good French. Before the crash, Mr McKay and Mr Sala had joked about how difficult it was to get to Nantes. In one message, the Argentinian had asked how much the flight would cost. Mr McKay said ‘nothing, if you help me score more goals’ to which his future teammate replied ‘ha, ha, ha… with pleasure’, followed by ‘we will score lots of goals’. In the coming days, the pair exchanged several messages about the timings of the travel and Mr McKay confirmed that Mr Sala had not raised any concerns about the condition of the aircraft following the outbound flight. Previously, the inquest heard that pilot David Ibbotson was banned from flying the private aircraft after getting in trouble with the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA). Owner Fay Keely did not have ‘much confidence’ in his care of the plane and she was not aware Mr Ibbotson was going to fly the footballer back to the UK in January 2019. The inquest, which is taking place at the Town Hall in Bournemouth, is due to last around a month. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.