Novak Djokovic will be replaced as the world No.1 by Daniil Medvedev next week following a shock defeat to world No.123 Jiri Vesely in Dubai. The Serb suffered a surprise 6-4, 7-6 (4) loss to Vesely at the Dubai Duty Free Championships on Thursday in only his third game back since missing the Australian Open in January after he was deported from the country. Current world No.2 Medvedev will now take the 34-year-old’s place when the rankings are updated next week, ending Djokovic’s time at the top which he has held since February 2020. Djokovic needed to better Medvedev’s result at the Mexican Open this week and having already beaten Lorenzo Mussetti and Karen Khachanov he looked to be on track to do so. But with Medvedev already through to the last eight in Acapulco and 20-time Grand Slam champion Djokovic crashing out in the quarter-finals, he is now guaranteed to lose top spot. US Open champion Medvedev will become the 27th male player to reach the top spot of the men’s world rankings. Medvedev’s rise to the top means he also becomes the first player outside of the ‘Big Four’ (Novak Djokovic, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray) to occupy ATP’s top spot since 2004 when Andy Roddick was at the summit. After beating Djokovic in one hour and 57 minutes, Vesely said: ‘It is an amazing feeling. ‘I never really thought I would have a chance against Novak. He is one of the greatest of all time. ‘After the past 12 months, it is unbelievable. I have so many emotions inside. It is hard to describe. It is an amazing feeling. ‘Playing against Novak, he is such a great groundstroke player. He moves really well. ‘You really have to earn it and fight for every single point. I think I did an amazing job today. ‘I tried to keep the rallies short. Of course Novak had huge support. ‘I love these matches playing against the best players in the world. Having full stadiums is something I have dreamt about my whole life. ‘It is great for tennis to have someone new at World No. 1. ‘Novak is such a champion, he has been No. 1 for 361 weeks, but tennis needs new World No. 1s and there is a new generation coming up and I think it is great.’ Djokovic, who has won eight tour-level titles, including three Grand Slam crowns and three ATP Masters 1000 trophies since taking top spot at the start of 2020, was playing in his first tournament of the year. He missed the first Grand Slam of the year in Australia after he was deported due not being vaccinated against coronavirus. Djokovic could face a tough task in trying to win back the No.1 spot as he recently revealed he is prepared to continue missing major tournaments that require him to be vaccinated. MORE : Novak Djokovic beats Lorenzo Musetti on return to ATP Tour in Dubai MORE : Novak Djokovic gives update on potential Indian Wells appearance amid US visa problems For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 