Former Strictly Come Dancing star Kristina Rihanoff has apologised after posting a string of tweets which many deemed to be supportive of Vladimir Putin amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The professional dancer – who was born in Russia – criticised world leaders, including Prime Minister Boris Johnson and US President Joe Biden, and their various scandals in comparison to Mr Putin, who has led the invasion against Ukraine. She also called out Sky News for reporting on Eurovision banning Russia from taking part in the upcoming song contest. However, Rihanoff has since apologised for the comments and clarified that she does not support Mr Putin or the invasion. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In a Twitter statement on Sunday, she wrote: ‘I made fun of Eurovision tweet by Sky. I did think there was far more important information on that day that Eurovision. This is in any form says I was supporting what’s happening at the moment between Russia & Ukraine. ‘It’s absolutely devastating for someone like me who’s grandad from Ukraine and I have Ukrainian name to my daughter – Milena. My best friend is also from Ukraine. I grew up with knowledge that we were one nation and one country. ‘I’m not into politics and hate politicians because they all lie.’ She continued: ‘The awful thing is that there is casualties on both sides and on both sides mums & dads will cry for their lost relatives. ‘The point is that this shouldn’t ever taken place, never should have happened. The country leaders should have found the way a long time ago to sort this peacefully but they didn’t because war is profitable business and someone unfortunately making profit on this.’ The dancer then stated: ‘I’m not supporting Putin, war, invasion, lost lives and politics. I hate it as much as a human being possibly can. If I offended anyone it wasn’t my intention and I’m deeply sorry.’ Kristina clarified that she was born in Russia but left the country 22 years ago and was now an American citizen. She added: ‘So you can hate me if this will give you comfort but if I didn’t say something you wanted me to say it’s because sadly I’m powerless doing anything to help anyone in both countries and I don’t believe in useless posts which can’t help to safe lives. ‘I can only hope and pray like everyone that this is over soon. And it’s really sad that the hate is so powerful everywhere you look at the moment. The whole world is burning in it.’ One of her earlier tweets included a cartoon featuring caricatures of Boris Johnson, Joe Biden and Justin Trudeau. The three world leaders had been drawn with blood drawn on their hands, with Trudeau in blackface and PM Johnson holding a glass of wine, in reference to his lockdown party scandals. US President Biden was pointing to the distance, with the words ‘Russian man bad’ written in a speech bubble. Rihanoff tweeted alongside the illustration: ‘Don’t even have to say anything – pure genius.’ The TV star later responded to an article shared by Sky News, announcing that Russia had been banned from Eurovision this year. She wrote: ‘F….ing breaking news 😂 Are you for real @SkyNews ? WTF! And where are we at with bringing @BorisJohnson accountable for ruining thousands of small business while parting during lockdowns?????? This tweet EVERYTHING WHAT’S WRONG WITH THE UK MEDIA & USELESS @GOVUK #Eurovision [sic]’ Rihanoff’s tweets were branded ‘in such bad taste’ and an ‘absolute disgrace,’ with fans saying they were unfollowing her. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kristina Rihanoff hit with backlash for ‘disgusting’ tweets appearing to back Vladimir Putin amid Ukraine invasion MORE : Susanna Reid ‘physically sick’ as Vladimir Putin orders Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert amid Ukraine invasion 