Saturday Night Live viewers were left in tears as TV bosses paid tribute to Ukraine in the first few moments, following the Russian attacks. Taking the place of the usual cold open sketch, Kate McKinnon and Cecily Strong appeared on stage to begin the show. They introduced the Ukrainian Chorus Dumka of New York, who performed a moving rendition of Prayer for Ukraine for the live audience and viewers watching on from home. Kyiv was spelled out in candles on a table just in front of the choir. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Following the moving scenes, the pair returned to the stage with the traditional phrase: ‘Live from New York, it’s Saturday night,’ before John Mulaney took over hosting duties. Viewers were overcome with emotion by the tribute, flocking to Twitter to praise those involved. ‘Omg! @nbcsnl! You’re giving me chills right now! So beautifully haunting. #Ukraine #snl,’ a follower commented. ‘Anybody else burst into tears while watching the cold open of #SNL? #Ukraine,’ another questioned. ‘This opening broke me. #SNL #Ukraine,’ a Twitter user posted. One agreed: ‘Wow #snl just wow best tribute to Ukraine ever #AmericaStandsWithUkraine @nbcsnl.’ As a fan added: ‘Very moving and respectful tribute to Ukraine and Kyiv tonight on SNL. #SNL.’ Earlier this week, Russia launched airstrikes across Ukraine – with President Vladimir Putin warning that world leaders will ‘face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere. The country has come under intense gunfire and bombing since Thursday, with citizens fleeing to safety. Overnight, airfields and gas pipelines appear to have been hit as the State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate of Ukraine confirmed that missiles also hit a radioactive waste disposal site near Kyiv. On Facebook, it said: ‘As of 27 February 2022 at 01:20 Kyiv time, as a result of the mass bombing of Kyiv with all types of anti-aircraft and missile weapons available to the Russian Federation, the missiles hit the radioactive waste disposal site of the Kyiv branch of the State Specialised Enterprise “Radon”. ‘Notification was announced by telephone by radon personnel, who are in the shelter. ‘As a result of the mass shooting, which is still ongoing it is currently not possible to assess the extent of the destruction.’ The inspectorate stressed that there is no threat of radiation from people outside of the protection zone that surrounds the site, and confirmed that the situation will be assessed when there is a break in the bombing. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing With The Stars’ Maksim Chmerkovskiy shares videos from bomb shelter in Kyiv amid Russia attacks MORE : Peaky Blinders star Sophie Rundle to wear costumes made for Helen McCrory’s Aunt Polly in poignant nod to late actress 