Volunteers from across the world are joining Ukraine’s resistance to the Russian invasion after a call to arms by the government. A Ukrainian veteran about to start a new job as a lorry driver in Canada is among those who have made the journey to try and repel Vladimir Putin’s multi-pronged attack on the country. In London, British nationals have turned up outside the Ukrainian embassy insistent on becoming combatants. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has urged people without military training or experience not to join the fighting. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live However, a mix of non-resident Ukrainians and foreigners, said to include 60 British volunteers expected to arrive in the next few days, have decided to make the journey. On Sunday, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy called for foreign nationals to fight against ‘Russian war criminals’ and announced a special unit for international recruits. Alexander Khara, a defence analyst, told how his brother-in-law has joined the regular forces after abandoning a new job as a lorry driver in Canada. Mr Khara said his relative is a veteran of the conflict with Russian-backed separatists in the eastern Donbass region which broke out in 2014. Mr Khara, a former government official who is currently based 40km to the west of Kyiv, said: ‘We have amended our law on defence and military service and there is a possibility for foreign nationals to serve in the Ukrainian army and to defend Ukraine. ‘In the beginning, in 2014, a lot of guys were pouring into Ukraine from across Europe and fighting on their own. At that time it was illegal but the state didn’t care because it wasn’t able to protect itself in the beginning. ‘Now we have this legislation and it is possible for these guys to fight against Russians. A lot of people are showing an interest in fighting.’ Ukraine’s law was amended in 2016, making it possible for foreign nationals to serve in its military ranks as volunteers. Those interested in joining the frontline are being advised to contact the defence attaché of the country’s embassy in their home nation. Routes into the Ukrainian forces and the attached units for overseas fighters stretch back to the outbreak of the conflict against the rebels. With the Russian assault along multiple axes cutting key air and ground routes into Ukraine, they now face challenges reaching the conflict zone. ‘At the moment it’s quite difficult to get to Ukraine because the airlines have shut the flights to Kyiv,’ Mr Khara said. ‘One of the key routes is via Poland, so people are flying from across the globe to Warsaw and then, either by railway or cars or buses, they are getting into western Ukraine and then depending which military unit or territorial defence unit they want to join they are choosing the way. ‘Lviv is the most western city in Ukraine on the same line as Kyiv but unfortunately some Russian troops from Belarussia have infiltrated this highway…so you need to go south. My relative abandoned his newly-acquired job in Canada and he flew to Paris, where he met a couple of other guys from different countries. ‘One of them I drove to a village near Bucha, where there were checkpoints and people getting ready for Russian saboteurs. He’s a military doctor and he said he would join the armed forces.’ Mr Khara told Metro.co.uk the man he assisted had a well-paid job in North Africa but has taken a holiday to join the resistance to an invasion estimated to involve 150,000 Russian troops. ‘He took vacation to join this fight and a lot of other guys are pouring into Ukraine,’ Mr Khara said. ‘My relative is joining the 72 Army brigade. He has combat experience since 2014 and he wants to join the army but not the territorial defence, because the army would be operational across the whole of Ukraine, not just Kyiv or another city. ‘There is a joke in Ukraine that if the country asks you to join the military in peacetime, you are not able to because you are ill, but if there’s a real fight we cannot accommodate all the requests to join the army, and it’s true. ‘A lot of people who don’t have military training are applying to join the territorial defence because they don’t want to see Russian flags flying over our heads.’ Vadym Prystaiko, Ukraine’s Ambassador to the UK, told the BBC yesterday that the embassy had become a focal point for an outpouring of support. Mr Prystaiko said: ‘We have an overwhelming number of people coming and bombarding us, staying in front of the embassy and requiring, demanding to allow them. ‘We don’t want to break any laws, especially international laws, but most of those people who are coming are Ukrainians, they have the right to come home at any moment and fight. It’s not just Ukrainians, it’s everybody, from all the nations, they are just asking how we can get in.’ One sixty-year-old British man outside the embassy told Sky today that he used to be in the Territorial Army and ‘I can get on a flight tomorrow’. He spoke after President Zelenskyy issued a call for ‘friends of peace and democracy’ to join an international legion. He said: ‘Anyone who wants to join the defence of Ukraine, Europe and the world can come and fight side by side with the Ukrainians against the Russian war criminals.’ Sixty British volunteers were said by MailOnline to be heading to Ukraine to join the Georgian National Legion, which accepts foreign fighters. On Sunday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss expressed her support for those wanting to join the Ukrainian fight against Russia. However, Mr Wallace told Sky News: ‘Unless you are properly trained, unless you are an experienced member of the armed forces, there are better ways for you to contribute to the security of Ukraine.’ Downing Street also steered cleared of Ms Truss’s sentiment. The Prime Minister’s spokesman said: ‘We think the best way we can help Ukraine right now is by ensuring Putin fails. ‘There are a number of ways that Brits can show their support, and the Ukrainian embassy in London is putting out information about how British people can support them. ‘We fully recognise the strength of feeling about British people wanting to support the Ukrainians following the Russian invasion. There’s advice up on travelling to Ukraine, we currently advise against travel to Ukraine.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.