Holly Willoughby has reportedly defended her co-star and longtime friend Phillip Schofield after Eamonn Holmes claimed that he was ‘passive aggressive’ and ‘renowned for snubbing people.’ The GB News presenter, 62, blasted ITV bosses on Saturday, branding them ‘sly’ over his exit from This Morning, adding the channel had not wanted to announce his departure due to its effects on viewing figures, which made it look like the decision to leave had been his. More fuel was recently added to the fire, after Eamonn took aim at the Dancing on Ice presenter once more after he liked a tweet that branded Phillip’s recent 40-year work milestone as ‘bizarre.’ According to OK! magazine, Phillip’s family and co-host Holly have been ‘rallying around him’ following Eamonn’s explosive interview in The Daily Mail’s Weekend magazine. ‘She [Holly] thought the comments were very below the belt,’ a source told the publication. ‘It’s no secret there is no love lost between Phil and Eamonn but Holly felt she had to defend her “work husband.”‘ In response to Eamonn’s claims against ITV, a spokesperson said in a statement sent to Metro.co.uk: ‘This isn’t a version of events that we recognise and as we have said before we wish Eamonn all of the very best.’ Their feud has been ongoing since Eamonn outed Phillip for allegedly cutting his wife Ruth Langsford short behind the scenes of a Loose Women segment in 2019. In November 2020, the broadcaster and Ruth were axed from their usual Friday morning spot and replaced by Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary. While Ruth still has her place on the Loose Women panel, things have picked up for Eamonn as he made the switch to GB News at the beginning of the year with new co-host Isabel Webster. According to reports, Phillip hasn’t said a word to Eamonn following his departure from This Morning in November 2021. ‘It’s been quite publicised that he and Phillip didn’t really see eye to eye,’ an insider told OK! Magazine. ‘Eamonn felt like Phillip didn’t really like him.’ Regardless, Eamonn described the move to GB News as ‘one of the most exciting yet.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Holly Willoughby, Phillip Schofield, and Eamonn Holmes’ reps for comment. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV and Breakfast With Eamonn And Isabel airs weekdays from 6am to 9.30am on GB News. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Crown: Props worth £150,000 stolen by thieves during filming for season 5 MORE : Banned paranormal show with Michael Parkinson blamed for giving children PTSD resurfaces and everyone is re-living the horror: ‘This is the reason I still wet the bed’ 