Peaky Blinders viewers were in tears as they watched a heartbreaking tribute to Helen McCrory’s Polly Gray in the series 6 opener, with the episode also being dedicated to the star. McCrory, who played the Shelby family matriarch in hit BBC drama and appeared in every season, died from cancer aged 52 last April. The actress’s character was written out in episode one of the new chapter, titled Black Day, with Cillian Murphy’s Tommy Shelby breaking down in tears after he’s informed that his aunt Polly has been killed, with her body then delivered to his home. A funeral scene soon followed, with Polly laid to rest alongside her portrait. Arthur Shelby (Paul Anderson), Ada Thorne (Sophie Rundle), Michael Gray (Finn Cole), Lizzie Shelby (Natasha O’Keeffe), Johnny Dogs (Packy Lee), and Jeremiah ‘Jimmy’ Jesus (Benjamin Zephaniah) gathered as a wagon was engulfed by flames. ‘It was the ambitions and strategies of one man that caused this,’ Michael said as he stared down the lens of the camera. ‘I swear on the name of almighty God, no matter what it takes, no matter how many lies I have to tell, I will take revenge on Tommy Shelby.’ At the end of the episode, before the credits rolled, it was revealed that the instalment had been dedicated to McCrory as a tribute flashed onto the screen. ‘Dedicated to the memory of Helen McCrory OBE “Polly Gray”,’ it read. Viewers were emotional as they watched the scenes, with one writing: ‘Sobbing at the opening scene of #PeakyBlinders That must’ve been so hard for the cast to film. They look heartbroken. Helen McCrory was truly outstanding.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, another penned: ‘An utterly heartbreaking and exceptionally touching way to say goodbye to Helen McCrory.’ ‘Goodness me, those scenes for Aunt Polly’s death were some sensational viewing,’ a third added. ‘Stellar performances and the most fitting tribute to Helen McCrory. Bravo Peaky Blinders.’ Cillian recently said the sixth and final series of Peaky Blinders would be a tribute to the late McCrory. Discussing the circumstances around filming the final series, he told Variety: ‘I think this is the culmination of the series that hopefully improves upon the last season and makes the most recent one the richest and deepest one that we possibly can, partially because of all of the pandemic shit happening in the world and, of course, the really sad loss of (Helen) McCrory. ‘I think we are determined to make this a special series and we have been extra committed to working hard. I think the fans will be pleased.’ Peaky Blinders series 6 airs Sundays at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 