Your star sign can be very telling about lots of things. So if you’re in the market for a new home, why not look to astrology for a guiding nudge? Estate agents Martin & Co. teamed up with astrologist Maria Afentakis to help you figure out what your dream home is. Overall, according to Maria, fire signs tend to be passionate and outgoing so will be drawn to lavish properties, while often emotional and sensitive water signs prefer a homely home. Communicative and creative air signs will crave a tranquil environment, and grounded earth signs (see what she did there?) will pride themselves on making a house a real home. Looking for some specific recommendations? We’ve got some more sign-specific details right here… March 21 to April 20 Aries love being the centre of attention, so an attention-grabbing home is ideal for them. But this sign is also liable to be impulsive, so don’t forget to look before you leap into buying a property. Dream home: A lavish villa. Attainable home: A picturesque cottage. April 21 to May 21 Chill Taureans love to relax, so a quaint, low-maintenance space that’s soothing and serene would be ideal for them. Close to local amenities will also speak to their practicality. Dream home: A beautiful, quaint apartment. Attainable home: A compact apartment. May 22 to June 21 Gentle Geminis are creative and curious, and a riverside cabin that can offer them plenty of inspiring local walks is perfect for them. It’s also a good idea to keep in mind that they can be nervous and indecisive, so choosing a property that they can redo through the years is essential. Dream Property: A riverside location. Attainable home: A spacious apartment with minimal clutter and a compact garden. June 22 to July 23 Loyal and tenacious Cancers love family time, so being in a warm and nurturing environment is key. Dream home: A perfect family home with the necessary space and luxury. Attainable home: A cosy and homely house with a large garden and dining area. July 24 to August 23 Warm-hearted Leos love to be the centre of attention, so they’ll need an extravagant space to show off to their nearest and dearest. Dream home: A property that stands out and is fit for royalty. Attainable home: A luxury apartment in a very prestigious area of London. August 24 to September 23 Practical and loyal Virgos can verge on being overly analytical, so a property that allows them to create a routine will work best for them. Dream home: A spacious home with a large outdoor space. Attainable home: A property in a quiet village with lots of character and a beautiful garden. September 24 to October 23 Libras love balance, diplomacy, and aesthetics on top of being very social, so need an expansive, welcoming space to host and impress their loved ones. Dream home: A bungalow with modern and original features. Attainable home: A Victorian conversion with a garden. October 24 to November 22 Passionate and brave Scorpios is will likely benefit from having a large, multi-purpose home with plenty of rooms for a variety of activities. Dream home: A large house with a lot of rooms. Attainable home: A multi-purpose home with access to some green space. November 23 to December 21 Generous Sagittarius will love a colourful property close to a city centre to appeal to their sense of adventure. Dream home: A large, organised living space with easy access to London and outdoor space. Attainable home: A place with excellent travel links. December 22 to January 21 Responsible Capricorns will be drawn to the practicality of an extremely extravagant apartment with plenty of office space. Dream home: An extravagant flat. Attainable home: A modern style flat in a superb location. January 22 to February 19 Independent and progressive, this sign loves to show of their sense of style, and need plenty of space to give them room to think. Dream home: An eccentric and quirky converted warehouse with a garden. Attainable home: A space with access to go outdoors for long walks. February 20 to March 20 This wise water sign loves to be close to nature, but will also enjoy the practicalities of urban living so don’t stray too far from the city. Dream home: A riverside cottage. Attainable home: A compact apartment with great transport links and on-site amenities. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of February 2022 MORE : Love horoscope 2022: What does your star sign’s relationship and dating tarotscope reveal for the year ahead? MORE : S Club 7 star Paul Cattermole discusses new life as tarot-reading ‘psychic detective’