The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have sent a message of solidarity to Ukraine in a rare political statement. William and Kate said they ‘stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for (their) future’. The tweet was accompanied by a picture of the couple meeting Ukraine’s leader in October 2020. The Cambridges said: ‘In October 2020 we had the privilege to meet President Zelenskyy and the First Lady to learn of their hope and optimism for Ukraine’s future. ‘Today we stand with the President and all of Ukraine’s people as they bravely fight for that future.’ The couple signed off the tweet with an emoji of Ukraine’s yellow and blue flag. The message was seen as significant as members of the royal family are supposed to stay politically neutral. The support comes a day after Prince Harry and Meghan, who have quit as senior working royals, also said they stand with Ukraine. While many praised the Cambridges, some questioned why it took three days for them to comment on the invasion. Ukraine’s capital city Kyiv has come under intense gunfire and bombing since Thursday, when Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an attack on his southern neighbour. Hundreds of casualties have been reported in the fighting, which included shelling that sliced through a Kyiv apartment building and pummelled bridges and schools. UN officials said more than 120,000 Ukrainians have left the country for Poland, Moldova and other neighbouring nations. The UN estimates that up to four million could flee if the war escalates. Putin has refused to withdraw troops despite being hit with a barrage of economic sanctions. But Western intelligence officials say his plot to overthrow the democratically-elected government has not gone as planned thanks to Ukraine’s fierce show of resistance. Mr Zelensky has refused a US offer to help him escape, telling President Joe Biden he ‘needed amo, not a ride’. He offered renewed assurance on Saturday that the country’s military would stand up to Moscow, telling residents in a video recorded in a central Kyiv street that he will remain in the city and to keep on fighting. Ukrainian civilians have also been praised for their heroism after taking up rifles and homemade bombs to stop Kremlin forces advancing. The UK Ministry of Defence said on Saturday that the Ukrainian military had ‘put up (a) staunch resistance’, adding that Russian casualties are ‘likely to be heavy and greater than anticipated’. Protests are taking place all over the world calling for Putin to stop the war on Ukraine. Russians also took to the streets the past two nights, despite the threat of being arrested. The US believes Putin is determined to overthrow Ukraine’s government and replace it with a regime of his own. Some suspect he is seeking to re-draw the world map and revive Russia’s Cold War-era influence by invading Ukraine, fuelling fears of a wider war in Europe Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.  