Greece will send defence supplies to Ukraine after announcing ten of its nationals have been killed so far during the Russian invasion. A further six Greeks – one of whom is a child – have been injured by Russian bombings near the city of Mariupol, where there is a significant expatriate community. Greece, a Nato member, says it has summoned Russia’s ambassador on Monday as it urged an end to the bombing campaign. The country is sending defence supplies and humanitarian aid in response to a request from the Ukrainian government, the prime minister’s office said. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Two C-130 military transport planes will carry the supplies to Poland in a show of solidarity with the Ukrainian people, before then being transported across the border. It is after Kyriakos Mitsotakis, Greek Prime Minister, tweeted on Saturday: ‘Ten innocent civilians of Greek origin (were) killed today by Russian air strikes close to Mariupol. Stop the bombing now!’ Mr Mitsotakis was briefed on the latest situation in Ukraine by the country’s defence minister and the head of Greece’s national defence staff on Sunday. Missiles hit the outskirts of the villages of Sartana and Bugas, Greece’s Foreign Ministry said. Four of the expats were killed in Sartana, in addition to two killed there earlier and another four who died were in Bugas at the time. The mayor of Sartana urged residents to evacuate and head to Mariupol after the Russian bombings. Greece has said it is willing to take in Ukrainian refugees in coordination with the European Union. ‘If we have to take in a number of people we are willing to do it. The cost will be covered by Europe, but at this moment the priority is the humane dimension,’ Migration Minister Notis Mitarachi said. MORE : More than 3,000 arrested in Russia as anti-war in Ukraine protests turn violent MORE : Russian airlines to be cut off from nearly all of Europe Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.