The 2022 Champions League final will no longer take place in St Petersburg after UEFA held an emergency meeting to relocate the match to Paris following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The decision was made at an ‘extraordinary meeting’ of the executive committee on Friday after Russian President Vladimir Putin launched a military invasion of neighbouring Ukraine on Thursday. Putin’s hometown of St Petersburg was due to stage the final at the 68,000-capacity Gazprom Arena on May 28, but European football’s governing body have instead moved the match to Paris. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live UEFA President Aleksander Ceferin met with French President Emmanuel Macron on Thursday to agree the plan to move the final. Although several venues in London – such as Wembley and the Emirates – had been mooted as a potential replacement to host the final, the showpiece game will now take place at the Stade de France in the northern Paris suburb of Saint-Denis. It will be the first time France has hosted the Champions League final since 2006 when Arsenal were beaten by Barcelona. A statement confirmed: ‘The UEFA Executive Committee today held an extraordinary meeting following the grave escalation of the security situation in Europe. ‘The UEFA Executive Committee decided to relocate the final of the 2021/22 UEFA Men’s Champions League from Saint Petersburg to Stade de France in Saint-Denis. The game will be played as initially scheduled on Saturday 28 May at 21:00 CET. ‘UEFA wishes to express its thanks and appreciation to French Republic President Emmanuel Macron for his personal support and commitment to have European club football’s most prestigious game moved to France at a time of unparalleled crisis. ‘Together with the French government, UEFA will fully support multi-stakeholder efforts to ensure the provision of rescue for football players and their families in Ukraine who face dire human suffering, destruction and displacement.’ UEFA have also decided to relocate any games in tournaments it controls which were due to be played in Russia or Ukraine. At the moment that only affects one club match: Spartak Moscow’s next home game in the Europa League. There will now be even more pressure on FIFA to follow suit, with Czech Republic, Poland and Sweden releasing a joint statement appealing for their scheduled World Cup qualifying matches in Russia to be moved. UEFA’s statement also said it will ‘remain on standby to convene further extraordinary meetings, on a regular ongoing basis where required, to reassess the legal and factual situation as it evolves and adopt further decisions as necessary.’ MORE : Klitschko brothers to take up arms against Russian invasion as Oleksandr Usyk returns to Ukraine MORE : Schalke remove Gazprom logo from shirts after Russia invades Ukraine as pressure grows on UEFA to cut ties For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 