Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries has asked regulator Ofcom to review the operation of the Russia Today news channel. Boris Johnson revealed the move to MPs during Prime Minister’s Question this afternoon. Opposition leader Sir Keir Starmer called the channel Vladimir Putin’s ‘personal propaganda tool’. He said the UK must do more to defeat the Russian president’s ‘campaign of lies and disinformation’, after Moscow’s decision to send forces into eastern Ukraine. Sir Keir added: ‘Russia Today is his personal propaganda tool. I can see no reason why it should be allowed to continue to broadcast in this country, so will the Prime Minister now ask Ofcom to review its licence?’ The Prime Minister replied: ‘I believe that my right honourable friend the secretary of state for culture, media and sport (Nadine Dorries) has already asked Ofcom to review that matter. ‘But what I will say is that we live in a democracy and we live in a country that believes in free speech, and I think it’s important that we should leave it up to Ofcom rather than to politicians to decide which media organisations to ban. That’s what Russia does.’ In a letter to Ofcom, Dorries urged the regulator to take ‘timely and transparent’ action against RT over concerns it could ‘look to spread harmful disinformation’ on the conflict in Ukraine. In 2019, Ofcom fined Russia Today £200,000 for a failure to observe ‘due impartiality’ in seven news programmes, including its coverage of the war in Syria and the Salisbury nerve agent attack. But moments after today’s announcement, Tory MP for High Peak, Robert Largan, tweeted: ‘I’d be cautious about banning RT. Putin would respond by banning the BBC in Russia, which actually cuts through his propaganda to millions. ‘Meanwhile, RT in the UK is ignored by all but the likes of (Jeremy Corbyn ally) Richard Burgon…’ Russia Today suggested Ofcom would need to look at the BBC too if the regulator is to take the Kremlin-backed broadcaster to task over ‘state sponsorship’. It accused the Government of a ‘hypocritical’ stance after ministers criticised China’s decision to ban the BBC World Service last year. Speaking on RT, reporter Shadia Edwards-Dashti said that rather than just having Ofcom keep an eye on the network, the Government ‘wants to see this channel taken off air’. Describing the matter as a ‘slippery slope, specifically about freedom of speech,’ she said: ‘Is this an issue of state sponsorship? Because if it is an issue of state sponsorship, then we have to look at the BBC – that too is sponsored by the state. ‘Last year when China banned the BBC World Service, that was early last year in 2021, the UK Government slammed that move as an unacceptable curtailing of media freedom. ‘They were the headlines at the time, so it does seem somewhat hypocritical at this point.’ The BBC is a public service broadcaster and it has editorial independence. Ofcom chief executive Dame Melanie Dawes told Dorries the regulator had ‘already stepped up our oversight of coverage of these events by broadcasters in the UK’. She said that while broadcasters can cover issues from a ‘particular perspective’ as long as balance is achieved, ‘it would not be acceptable for any of our licensees to broadcast one-sided propaganda’. It comes after Johnson announced a package of economic sanctions against Russia after breaking international law with its invasion of Ukraine. These measures would target five Russian banks, as well three ‘very high net-worth’ Russian individuals, whose assets in the UK will be frozen. But many in the Commons argue that current sanctions don’t go far enough, including SNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford. He said a ‘sewer of dirty Russian money has been allowed to run through London for years’ and said the PM is ‘doing nothing’ to tackle the problem. Johnson said he was ‘right’ to raise the issue and told MPs the Government is ‘going much further to uncloak the true owners of Russian properties’. He claimed ‘no country is doing more than the UK’ on the issue and said another wave of sanctions against were coming. But Blackford said he first offered to work with the Prime Minister on this issue five years ago when he was Foreign Secretary and said ‘nothing has happened’. He said £2.3million had bee given to the Conservative Party by Russian donors since Johnson entered office. The Conservative Party has received funds from some donors who have earned much of their wealth in Russia, according to data recorded by the Electoral Commission. But Johnson was keen to stress that the party does ‘not raise money from Russian oligarchs’, adding: ‘We raise money from people who are registered to vote on the UK register of interests.’ The Prime Minister hit back and pointed out that former SNP leader Alex Salmond hosts his own morning chat show on Russia Today. Sir Keir asked Johnson to back changes to the Elections Bill to combat donations from overseas sources. The Labour leader said: ‘As it stands, the Bill would allow unfettered donations from overseas to be made to UK political parties from shell companies and individuals with no connections to the UK. ‘Labour has proposed amendments that protect our democracy from the flood of foreign money drowning our politics. We can all now see how serious this is. So, will the Prime Minister now change course and support these measures in the House of Lords?’ Johnson replied: ‘We have very tough laws, tough rules, in this country to stop foreign donations, we don’t accept foreign donations, you have to be on the UK electoral register to give to a UK political party. ‘Before he starts chucking it around, I just remind him the largest single corporate donation to the Labour Party came from a member of the Chinese Communist Party.’ Sir Keir replied: ‘No, at this moment – as the House agreed yesterday – we have to stand united, I’m not going to be deflected.’ The Prime Ministers also told MPs that further military aid would be sent to Ukraine ‘in light of the increasingly threatening behaviour’ from Russia. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.