This is the shocking moment a Russian missile tore through a high-rise apartment block in Kyiv. At least six people are understood to have been injured when the rocket hit. The Ukrainian capital was targeted by a number of missile strikes overnight and fierce fighting has broken out on the city’s streets. Kyiv citizens have been urged to take shelter and avoid going near windows and balconies in case they are hit by stray bullets or falling debris from blasts. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live CCTV footage aimed towards the building shows captures the moment the missile fires through the air before slamming into the side of the block – immediately causing an explosion. A camera inside the building shows windows imploding through the power of the blast. Emergency services rushed to the scene and firefighters could be seen trying to put out flames and inspect the damage. Petro Prokopov, a firefighter taking part in rescue efforts, said the block was hit between the 16th and 21st floors. He said at least six people were injured and apartments on two floors were gutted by fire. Emergency responders evacuated 80 people. Pictures of the tower show with a chunk of the building covering at least five floors missing and rubble strewn across the street below. As the clean-up operation began, air raid sirens sounded over Kyiv. Jaw-dropping photos of the aftermath were shared by Kyiv’s mayor Vitaly Klitschko and Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba. Mr Klitchko said in a video that the night had been ‘difficult’, with Russian ‘sabotage groups’ in the capital. He insisted that there were no regular Russian troops in Kyiv, but said they were trying to enter from several directions. Mr Kuleba tweeted a picture of the building along the message: ‘Kyiv, our splendid, peaceful city, survived another night under attacks by Russian ground forces, missiles. One of them has hit a residential apartment in Kyiv.’ He urged the international community to ‘fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, (introduce an) oil embargo, ruin its economy.’ ‘Stop Russian war criminals!’ he added. The Russian military has claimed not to be targetting civilian targets but images have shown residential buildings in Ukraine being hit by missiles. On Saturday, the Ukrainian health minister said 198 people have been killed and more than 1,000 others have been wounded in the Russian offensive. Viktor Lyashko said Saturday three children were among those killed. His statement did not make it clear whether the figure included both military and civilian casualties. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.