A woman quit her admin job during the pandemic to become a £120,000-a-year ‘cam-girl’ — and now she employs 500 webcam models worldwide. Emily Kathleen, 27, went from being ‘practically homeless’ to living in a four-bed house in Gloucestershire after starting up a cam-girl business. She was earning a whopping £8,000 a month — significantly more than the £12,000-a-year she was earning as a customer adviser. The business owner was signed-off sick from her job at a housing association after struggling with stress during the coronavirus pandemic. Desperate for money, Emily signed up to a cam-girl agency in August 2020 and found herself earning £400 on her first night — more than she used to earn in a week. As well as stripping off her clothes, Emily provides the ‘girlfriend experience’ for her clients, which includes flirting, chatting, and building a relationship with them. After falling in love with the job, Emily set up her own agency, called High Society Models in May last year — and now has 546 models working for her. She encourages ‘empowerment’ among her models and employs all ages, shapes, and sizes — helping women to gain ‘financial freedom’ through webcamming. She said: ‘I want to try and break the stigma around the industry and show how empowering this work can be for women.’ Emily even started a TikTok page about her agency and has racked up 12,000 followers. Emily said: ‘Webcamming has completely turned my life around. ‘I was practically homeless a few years ago, about to lose my council flat. ‘I can’t believe where I am now and I absolutely love what I do — and it helps that I earn really decent money. ‘It’s not for everyone. I found my calling and have become my own boss. ‘It was scary leaving my job, but I found something I loved doing.’ Emily would log onto her laptop daily to ‘entertain’ clients from her home via a live web link. This would include everything from performing stripteases, to flirting and just chatting with them. Her hours would vary week to week, but Emily would work between 20 to 30 hours a week webcamming. She said: ‘I do strip and have fun with them if I feel comfortable. ‘I provide a “girlfriend experience” which is about building an online relationship with someone. ‘Men are there to speak to an actual person. I would chat to them, flirt and just have a laugh.’ Emily said: ‘I wanted my models to have full control over videos and outfits. ‘In webcamming, nudity is preferable but not essential. ‘Most important to me is that they feel comfortable and empowered by what they’re doing. ‘We have women of all shapes and sizes — one of our biggest earners is a size 20 girl. ‘We even have couples who do webcamming together. ‘I still can’t believe how much I love my job and the fact I’m not living pay cheque to pay cheque anymore. ‘I want to help women gain confidence and live a better quality of life by finding the same financial freedom I did. ‘It’s completely changed my life — and I hope I can do the same for others.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.