Kyiv has suffered another night of bombardment after Russian forces launched coordinated missile and artillery attacks on the capital and a number of other Ukrainian cities. Fierce fighting has broken out of the streets of Kyiv and gunfire has been reported near government buildings in the city centre. Citizens have been told to remain in shelters and avoid going near windows or on balconies in case they are hit by stray bullets or debris. Among the targets to be hit in the overnight attacks was a high-rise apartment block on the southwestern outskirts of the city near Zhuliany airport. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Authorities said the number of victims was ‘being specified’ and that an evacuation was underway. Kyiv’s mayor Vitali Klitschko shared a picture of the tower block with a chunk of at least five floors missing from the side of the building and rubble covering the street below. Mr Klitschko also said five explosions had struck near a major power plant just outside the city, which has been the target of Russian attacks. He said in a video that the night had been ‘difficult’, with Russian ‘sabotage groups’ in the capital. The mayor insisted there were no regular Russian troops in Kyiv, but said they were trying to enter from several directions. Ukraine’s foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba also tweeted a picture of the damaged apartment building. ‘Kyiv, our splendid, peaceful city, survived another night under attacks by Russian ground forces, missiles. One of them has hit a residential apartment in Kyiv,’ he wrote. He urged the international community to ‘fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, (introduce an) oil embargo, ruin its economy.’ ‘Stop Russian war criminals!’ he added. Ukrainian authorities have urged citizens to help defend Kyiv from the invading Russian forces with the defense ministry encouraging residents to make petrol bombs. President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has also urged his country to stay strong in the face of Mr Putin’s attack. The president, who on Friday said he feared for his life, remained defiant as he made renewed assurances that his country’s military will stand up to the Russian invasion. In a video message recorded on the street in downtown Kyiv, Mr Zelensky said that he hasn’t left the city and dispelled claims that Ukraine’s military would lay down its weapons. ‘We will protect the country,’ he said. ‘Our weapon is our truth, and our truth is that it’s our land, our country, our children. And we will defend all of that.’ The president has turned down the offer to be evacuated from Kyiv by the US government. In a blunt response, he reportedly said: ‘The fight is here; I need ammunition, not a ride,’ according to a senior American intelligence official with direct knowledge of the conversation, who described Mr Zelensky as upbeat. Mr Putin’s forces are trying to advance on Kyiv from several directions. The Russian military said yesterday it had encircled the cities of Sumy and Konotop in northeastern Ukraine. It said it also seized a strategic airport outside Kyiv. U.S. defense officials estimate Russia has now launched more than 200 missiles into Ukraine and some have hit residential areas, although it was unclear if they were deliberately targeted. Ravina Shamdasani, a spokeswoman for the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, said its staffers have so far verified at least 25 civilian deaths and 102 injured, mostly from shelling and airstrikes. A spokeswoman for the U.N. refugee agency, Shabia Mantoo, said more than 100,000 people were believed to have left their homes in Ukraine and that ‘up to 4 million people may flee to other countries if the situation escalates.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.