Dancing On Ice star Connor Ball suffered another nasty incident as a blade struck his leg following a fall mid-routine. The Vamps singer, 25, took to the ice on Sunday night with his partner Alexandra Schauman to perform a pirate-themed routine to George Ezra’s Paradise. However, things didn’t go to plan, as Connor lost his balance during a risky move, which resulted in him falling during his performance. Concerned presenters Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby repeatedly asked the musician if he was ok. ‘I don’t want to look at what’s going on with it right now,’ he replied. ‘The blade went into my leg, so I don’t know if something is cut up,’ Connor sighed. The hosts quickly turned to judges Oti Mabuse, Ashley Banjo, Jayne Torvill, and Christopher Dean, who scored the pair 34 out of 40. ‘You looked like one of the professional skaters, it’s a shame about the fall, but you’re still fantastic,’ said Oti. While Ashley added: ‘I really do hope you’re alright. It really is on the line up with this show.’ This isn’t the first time paramedics have had to step in for the star following a routine. During dance week, Connor was left with a bleeding chin after his skate, which resulted in him pressing a tissue down on the wound. Reacting to Connor’s injury, one viewer tweeted: ‘Poor Connor has the worst luck doesn’t he. 2nd injury now and yet he’s still carried on skating like a champ.’ Another commented: ‘I am actually rooting for Connor apart from a couple of falls you can see the improvement week by week, where the others have been great from week one.’ One viewer weighed in: ‘Oh bless Connor what a shame he was fantastic he’s always getting hurt because he tries so hard – he has my vote tonight.’ Props week was certainly a night of firsts, as Stef Reid conquered the dreaded headbanger, Kimberly Wyatt scored her first 10, but it was Brendan Cole and Vanessa Bauer who closed the show with a perfect 40. Dancing on Ice returns next Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing on Ice 2022: Stef Reid lands highest score to date as she conquers first headbanger of series MORE : Oti Mabuse joins forces with Christoper Dean and Jayne Torvill for epic Dancing on Ice performance: ‘Someone pinch me!’ 