The site of the world’s most devastating nuclear disaster has been captured by Russian forces after intense fighting with Ukrainian forces, a top official has confirmed. It comes after a battle at Chernobyl and an airstrike nearby earlier today, after Vladimir Putin launched a major invasion of Ukraine – sparking what is expected to be the worst war on European soil since 1945. An adviser to the Ukrainian Presidential Office said that the plant had been taken following a fight. Mykhailo Podolyak warned: ‘It is impossible to say the Chernobyl nuclear power plant is safe after a totally pointless attack by the Russians. ‘This is one of the most serious threats in Europe today.’ The Ukrainian Prime Minister has also confirmed the area is under Russian control. There have also been unconfirmed reports of station personnel being taken hostage. Ukraine President Volodymr Zelensky said his troops were fighting to prevent a repeat of the radioactive disaster which struck Chernobyl in the mid 1980s. ‘Russian occupying forces are trying to take over the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant. Our soldiers are giving their lives so that the tragedy of 1986 does not happen again,’ he tweeted. Mr Zelensky branded the attack on the zone ‘a declaration of war on all of Europe’. It comes nearly 40 years after the facility went into meltdown in an unprecedented catastrophe and an exclusion zone has been set up around the area ever since. Forces from Russia are said to have entered the area from the Belarusian side. There were fears that the clashes could disturb a nuclear waste store or other dangerous substances left in the exclusion zone. It comes after a security expert in Kyiv claimed that an accidental hit on a reactor would pose a risk of radioactive pollution to Europe. Radiation could contaminate air, soil and waterways, affecting Russia and much of Europe the head of safety analysis at the State Scientific and Technical Centre for Nuclear and Radiation Safety, Dmytro Gumenyuk, told i news. The reactor spewed radioactive waste across Europe from around 80 miles north Kyiv. The exploded reactor has been covered by a protective shelter to prevent radiation leak and the entire plant has been decommissioned. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Turkish ship hit by bomb off coast of Ukraine