Since Lavitha Almeida, 29, moved from India to join her husband Hubert, 33, three years ago, the couple had been living in a rented two-bedroom house in Staines. But as they started to plan their long-term future in the UK, Hubert, a customer care assistant and Lavitha who works in the NHS as a nurse, decided it was time to step on the property ladder and look for a starter home of their own. Their main priority was to remain in the Staines area where they both had established routines, commuting to their workplaces via public transport and car. At the start of their search the couple looked into buying a house but it didn’t take them long to discover that their budget wouldn’t stretch that far in Staines. Rather than moving further out, they decided to change direction and look into new-build apartments available through more affordable routes. ‘Even after changing our minds about buying a house and looking for an apartment, we struggled to find a home that would suit us,’ says Hubert. ‘We looked at a shared ownership development in nearby Ashford but couldn’t envision it as the “one”. We then discovered Latimer by Clarion Housing’s Ascot House in Staines and were impressed. We just knew this was the right place.’ They viewed their two-bed shared ownership apartment in October 2021, reserved it a week later and were in at the beginning of December. They used savings, along with some financial help from their parents, to put down a deposit on a 25% share, and were so impressed by the part-buy, part-rent scheme that Hubert’s recommended it to a friend, who’s now also considering a move to Ascot House. They love their new home and its central location and are planning to stay there long-term. ‘We hope to staircase and own a larger share, if the future allows,’ says Hubert. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts say this overlooked feature should be on your 2022 property wish list MORE : Couple transforms smelly, rat-infested 1930s house into stunning home – adding £310,000 to property value