The Ukrainian president said he knows he is Russia’s ‘number one target’ and has information ‘subversive groups’ are approaching the capital of Kyiv. Volodymyr Zelensky, 44, addressed his nation last night following the first day of the Russian invasion. Speaking from Kyiv he said he understood he and his family are key targets for Russia, which he said wants to ‘destroy Ukraine politically by destroying the head of state’. US and Ukrainian officials say Russia aims to capture Kyiv and topple the government, which Putin regards as a puppet of the United States. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Mr Zelensky said his government has intelligence ‘subversive groups’ are encroaching on the capital while American officials say the city ‘could well be under siege’. Addressing his nation, Mr Zelensky said he understood Russian troops were coming for him but vowed to stay in Kyiv. ‘[The] enemy has marked me down as the number one target,’ he said in a video message. ‘My family is the number two target. They want to destroy Ukraine politically by destroying the head of state.’ ‘I will stay in the capital. My family is also in Ukraine.’ Asked if he was worried about Mr Zelensky’s safety, US secretary of state Antony Blinken told CBS: ‘To the best of my knowledge, president Zelensky remains in Ukraine at his post, and of course we’re concerned for the safety of all of our friends in Ukraine – government officials and others.’ Heavy explosions rattled Kyiv in the early hours of this morning as the second day of the incursion began with a missile barrage. A senior Ukrainian official said Russian forces would enter areas just outside the capital later today and Ukrainian troops were defending positions on four fronts despite being outnumbered. Mr Zelensky’s top diplomat Dmytro Kuleba said ‘horrific rocket strikes’ have hit Kyiv, likening the bombardment to the city’s 1941 shelling by Nazi Germany. He has appealed to global leaders to do more than impose severe sanctions on Russia and has called for defence assistance. ‘If you don’t help us now, if you fail to offer a powerful assistance to Ukraine, tomorrow the war will knock on your door,’ said the leader, who cut diplomatic ties with Moscow yesterday, declared martial law and ordered a full military mobilisation. Ukraine’s army stands at 250,000 servicemen with 140,000 reservists. The president has tasked the military’s general staff with determining the number of people eligible for service and the number of reservists as well as the order of the call-up. He called those that had lost their lives in the invasion ‘heroes’ and also said hundreds more have been wounded. Mr Zelensky said that despite Russia’s claim it is attacking only military targets, civilian sites also have been struck. ‘They’re killing people and turning peaceful cities into military targets. It’s foul and will never be forgiven,’ he said. Thousands of Ukrainians spent last night taking shelter in Kyiv’s subway network fearing Russia would bomb the city overnight. Air raid sirens wailed over Kyiv amid unconfirmed reports that a Russian plane had been shot down and crashed into a building. ‘Nobody believed that this war would start and that they would take Kyiv directly,’ said Anton Mironov, one of those spending the night in the Soviet-era metro network. ‘I feel mostly fatigue. None of it feels real.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.