Good Samaritans jumped through hoops to ensure an autistic girl had enough of one of few foods she will eat when supply chain shortages struck. Bella Mildon, 13, has the mental age of a one-year-old, is non-verbal and has avoidant restrictive food intake disorder (ARFID). The eating disorder means she will only eat three foods, beef flavoured Hula Hoops, Jaffa Cakes and McDonald’s chips. Bella’s family have tried to introduce her to other foods but attempts have failed. And, after losing her sight in January last year, Bella now has to feel and taste everything before she will eat it. Bella would normally eat around 10 bags of beef-flavoured Hula Hoops, one of her main food sources, a day. So when Bella’s mum Sam was unable to find any of the savoury snacks in shops due to stock shortages she put out a desperate appeal. ‘Desperately seeking Beef Hula Hoops, not the big ones,’ she told social media. Much to the relief of Bella’s family, their Somerset community were quick to respond. Pubs and shops sent the family boxes of stock, with some refusing to take payment, while others raided their cupboards, providing around 100 bags in all. Sam, a full-time carer for her daughter, said she was ‘bowled over’ by the response to her appeal. ‘Speechless from the love today,’ she said. ‘There was a serious risk she would end up back in hospital again if we couldn’t find them.’ The shortage was down to a ransomware attack on KP Snacks, which produces the popular potato snack. The company sent a letter to stores earlier this month warning them about potential shortages after the attack hit the company’s IT department and communications, causing supply chain chaos. Bella’s parents are also campaigning for regular vitamin A tests for autistic children with restrictive eating disorders, following fears a deficiency may have been what led to Bella losing her sight. Bella’s parents became worried about their daughter’s eyesight when she began knocking into objects and so took her to hospital. ‘Bella collapsed and was in the hospital,’ Sam said. ‘When she woke up, she was blind. We vowed at the time we have to stop this happening a child. ‘Autistic children often have eating disorders and restrictions. ‘Our daughter is blind, and it appears irreversible. ‘Currently, there are no guidelines for children with restricted diets to have regular vitamin A tests. ‘If this had been the case, our daughter would not now be blind.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.