Kenny Dalglish shared a touching moment with Jurgen Klopp after Liverpool beat Chelsea on penalties to win the Carabao Cup, with the pair reminiscing about the club’s previous triumph back in 2012. The two Premier League giants could not be separated after 120 pulsating minutes of goalless action in Sunday’s heavyweight encounter and the contest had to be decided via a nail-biting shootout at Wembley. Caoimhin Kelleher netted to make it 21 perfect efforts from 12 yards before Kepa Arrizabalaga, sent on in place of Edouard Mendy in the final minute of extra time, blazed his spot-kick over the crossbar to hand victory to Liverpool. It took the Reds to a record total of nine League Cup titles in their history, a decade on from their last win when they beat Cardiff City in similar fashion under Dalglish’s tutelage. The 2012 final finished 2-2 after 120 minutes, with Cardiff’s Ben Turner cancelling out Dirk Kuyt’s earlier extra-time strike, and the Reds would go on to secure the cup after winning 3-2 on penalties. Catching up in the tunnel after Sunday’s showpiece, Klopp shared an embrace with Dalglish before reminding the Scot that he was the last Liverpool manager to lift the trophy. The shootout got off to a nightmare start for Liverpool that day as Steven Gerrard and Charlie Adam both missed from the spot, but the Merseyside giants prevailed thanks to Kenny Miller, Rudy Gestede and Anthony Gerrard all failing with their respective attempts. ‘Legend, legend! You know who the last one who won that was?’ Klopp said, to which Dalglish replied: ‘I was, aye?’ Dalglish added: ‘By the way, our penalties weren’t as good as that! The first one ended up in the top tier!’ Klopp reserved special praise for Takumi Minamino and Divock Origi in the wake of Liverpool’s victory and applauded the quality shown across a ‘spectacular’ penalty shootout. ‘Today I had to make a few tough decisions; I said, “this is my squad”,’ the German said. ‘The whole journey was absolutely outstanding. Without Takumi and Divock in this competition we wouldn’t be here. ‘The penalty shootout was one of the most spectacular I ever saw. ‘The whole journey was a squad journey and that’s what I love most about it.’ MORE : ‘Outstanding’ – Joe Cole hails Antonio Rudiger after Chelsea’s Carabao Cup final defeat to Liverpool MORE : ‘Ridiculous’ – Jamie Redknapp hits out at Thomas Tuchel and Chelsea star in Liverpool defeat 