London now has its very own shop dedicated solely to water. Yes, you read that correctly: Fine Liquids, which opened in Fulham last week, sells hundreds of bottles of water with prices ranging from £2.50 all the way up to £120. Founded in 1987, Fine Liquids was originally a wine and water distribution company. When now owner Pat Eckert, 47, took over the business in 2018, he decided to make it a dedicated water distributor. After Pat met 40-year-old Milin Patel, a certified water sommelier, online in 2020, the pair joined forces to ‘give people the opportunity to go in and discover water like you would with wine,’ according to Milan. ‘There isn’t another shop like this in the country,’ he said. Operating under the tagline ‘hydrate the imagination,’ the pair hope to adapt the way people think of water. ‘I’ve always had a deep passion for water – it’s my life and I want to show others how to appreciate it,’ said Milin, who has worked as a water consultant for two decades. ‘There are so many different factors that make a water unique – different temperatures and levels of minerals change its taste and how it feels in your mouth. ‘There is no single best water in the world but it’s my job to find the perfect one for you.’ Fine Liquors stocks water from as far away as Australia, the most expensive being a £120 bottle of APSU Origin Water, from Patagonia – sold at £120 per 750ml bottle – that comes from a free-flowing glacier from the Gran Campo Nevado in Subantarctic Chilean Patagonia. Milin wants to show people that no one water tastes the same – just like wine. In fact, you can even take a water tasting course instore. He says: ‘When it comes to water tasting, you have to let your senses truly experience it – it’s more than just the taste. ‘Trying the different types of water will help you work out your personal preference – for example, a water with high silica levels has a very velvety mouthfeel. ‘Water with high levels of magnesium will have a slightly sweet, metallic taste.’ As well as being of high quality, expensive and specialist waters pique the interests of dinner hosts as a great conversation starter. ‘With these higher-priced waters, when you tell people about them, they stop and listen,’ says Milin. ‘People buy bottles like these for things like dinner parties and telling guests about the water starts a beautiful dialogue. ‘It really makes it memorable.’ While bottled water is usually associated with plastic and waste, plastic is actually banned in Fine Liquids, which is also home to a special Aquaporin water filter that shows just how nice tap water – even London tap water – can taste. Milin says: ‘My personal view as a water consultant is that we are very lucky to have and drink tap water. ‘We should respect and love the tap. ‘You’d be surprised how many people in the UK who buy cheap plastic commoditised water and think it’s better than tap water. ‘We should all drink tap water, or filtered tap water, for hydration, and drink glass-bottled water like a fine wine, or a sweet treat.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What to do in London this week, as the capital celebrates LGBTQ+ history month MORE : A free lantern festival is coming to London next week MORE : Pub to open in one of the pods on the London Eye