BBC News reporter Clive Myrie has shared an unexpected update as he takes shelter in Kyiv amid the Russian invasion – he’s casually watching himself on Mastermind. The reporter, who has hosted the quiz show since last year, has been widely praised for his coverage during the invasion. Sharing a selfie with himself on screen in the background, Clive tweeted: ‘I’m in Kyiv, Russian troops have encircled the city and are advancing, and guess what’s in the telly!! ⁦@MastermindQuiz⁩ #kyiv.’ Fans have been urging the reporter to stay safe as the fighting continues. He and his fellow reporter Lyse Doucet reported from the streets of Kyiv for the first two days of the invasion, with air raid sirens sounding around them. However, by Friday night’s broadcast, they were forced to take shelter as it had become too dangerous. During Friday’s BBC News At 10, presenter Jane Hill said: ‘We had been hoping to broadcast tonight’s programme from the capital, but it is too dangerous to be out on the streets.’ She spoke live to international correspondent Doucet, saying: ‘As we can see, you, the team, others [are] having to take shelter tonight in a basement.’ Doucet said: ‘This is Kyiv tonight – it was a vibrant city, nearly three million people, but tonight they’ve gone underground to take shelter and that includes us. ‘We’re in an underground parking garage. Many others are here…This is where we’re going to have to take shelter through the night and we’re not sure for how much longer.’ On Thursday, the Mastermind host was reporting live in Kyiv in front of St. Michael’s Golden-Domed Monastery as sirens blared around him. Beginning the segment in normal attire, viewers quickly spotted a drastic change 10 minutes in, as Myrie and Doucet had changed into the protective clothing. Myrie said: ‘We heard the air raid sirens, we have put on our flak jackets. ‘One wonders what the people of this city and indeed right across this country are now thinking. ‘They prayed for peace and with all the diplomacy over the last few weeks and months, they hoped that would be the case. ‘Now we are in a major conflict.’ President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has said Kyiv is still under Ukrainian control in the third day of the invasion. In a video on social media, he said: ‘We have withstood and are successfully repelling enemy attacks. The fighting goes on.’ Zelenskiy told viewers there is almost full support from EU countries for disconnecting Russia from the SWIFT interbank system for facilitating payments. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC News’ Clive Myrie once had to write goodbye letter to family before reporting from front line MORE : Who is BBC News presenter Clive Myrie and who is his wife? 