Dancing On Ice star Connor Ball shared the extent of his horrific injuries on social media, after slicing his leg open during Sunday’s episode. The Vamps singer, 25, took to the rink last night with his partner Alexandra Schauman and skated to George Ezra’s Paradise dressed as pirates. However, things didn’t go to plan, as Connor lost his balance during a risky move, which involved lifting the pro skater with a mop, which led to him falling halfway through. Despite the star sailing through to next week’s show, the musician decided to share the damage done to his leg, and we must warn you to swipe with caution if the sight of blood makes you woozy. Connor posted a series of before and after snaps on Instagram, with the first four pictures showing the hair and makeup team hard at work, while the fifth picture shows a close-up of his bloody leg. Alongside it, he wrote: ‘Swipe for my nights progression! but warning: don’t swipe too far if you’re squeamish… ‘What a crazy night, i really did get too much into the whole pirate thing. thank you for all the messages i really appreciate it, im absolutely gutted about the routine but so grateful you guys still went absolutely mad and voted me through i can’t thank you enough!!’ He continued: ‘Once again an accident that never happened in training at all which makes it all the worse for me but gonna put it in the past and get back to training asap!! ‘A huge thank you to the whole team for putting me back together as always and supporting through everything, it really means a lot. much love. x’ After saying that the ‘blade went into’ his leg to horrified hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, Connor assured his concerned fans he was doing ‘okay’ but needed stitches. Connor’s latest accident comes after he was left with a bleeding chin last week during dance week. Injuries aside, props week was certainly a night of firsts, as Stef Reid conquered the dreaded headbanger, and Brendan Cole and Vanessa Bauer closed the show with a perfect 40. However, Sally Dynevor and Matt Evers were the latest to leave the competition. Dancing on Ice returns on Sunday at 6.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dancing on Ice 2022: Stef Reid ‘proudly’ conquers first headbanger of series MORE : Dancing On Ice: Who is still in the competition? 