Kate Garraway shared an emotional snap of her husband Derek Draper following an outpouring of love for her documentary. The Good Morning Britain presenter took to Instagram to thank her fans following a ‘horrifying’ week. Kate’s new documentary Caring For Derek aired on Tuesday, and endless love for her and her family followed. She also acknowledged the invasion in Ukraine, saying her ‘heart goes out’ to those ‘fearing for their lives.’ She posted a photo of her husband – who spent over a year in hospital with Covid – crying and hugging their children tightly. Kate captioned it: ‘Well what a frightening week & I am sure I’m not alone in hugging my loved ones close , grateful – as our hearts go out to the people in Ukraine fearing for their lives. Despite the horrifying news unfolding all around, I’ve been so moved by how many of you have got in touch about #caringforderek ( available now on the @itv hub ) ‘Do keep sharing your stories of hope & your challenges too – when the world feels out of control there is something so powerful in standing together – we can make a difference.’ The TV host proceeded to shoutout ‘some wonderful groups’ who have supported her, including Access Care, Carers UK and Carers Trust. Caring For Derek premiered this week as Kate’s second documentary, where she offered further insight into her husband’s Covid battle and recovery. Her first film, Finding Derek, won a National Television Award after the great impact it had on viewers. Kate admitted she ‘thought long and hard’ about letting cameras inside her household again, as she ‘wanted it to offer more’ than just sharing what her family has been through. The presenter ‘wanted to also shine a light on issues’ that affect others, and prayed it would ‘give hope to everyone who is battling on with whatever life has thrown at you.’ She has since been celebrated by charities for raising awareness for carers, as Derek, a former political adviser, suffers long-lasting damage after contracting Covid in March 2020. He is now free of the virus but requires around the clock care at home. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan reaches out to Kate Garraway after emotional Derek Draper documentary: ‘Keep battling, Kate’ MORE : Wendy Williams Show replaced by new Sherri Shepherd series in ‘bittersweet move’ amid health issues 