Jurors have been shown a video of the moment a five-year-old boy was discovered dead in a river by a policewoman last year. Logan Mwangi, also known as Logan Williamson, was found lying in the River Ogmore in Wales just after 6am on July 31. His mother and step father are now on trial for his murder. Angharad Williamson, 30, John Cole, 40 and are accused of perverting the course of justice, including dumping Logan’s body in the river like ‘fly-tipped rubbish’, removing his clothing, washing bloodstained bed linen, and making a false missing person report to police. Prior to the footage being shown at Cardiff Crown Court, prosecutor Caroline Rees QC warned that the footage was ‘moving’ and ‘distressing in nature’. Taken from the body-worn camera of South Wales Police’s police constable Lauren Keen, the clip shows the officer running towards Logan’s body in Pandy Park, Sarn, Bridgend. Pc Keen and special constable Peter Freeth had been deployed to search the park land after a 999 call was made to police by Logan’s mother. Williamson is now on trial along with two others for Logan’s murder and the emergency call is alleged to have been part of a cover-up concocted between her, Logan’s stepfather Cole and an unnamed 14-year-old boy. Having spotted Logan through an opening in a hedge at the corner of the park near the young boy’s home, Pc Keen said she activated her body-worn camera before running down the muddy bank towards boulders which Logan lay beyond. The court heard last week how Logan was found wearing mismatched pyjamas and having suffered over 56 “catastrophic” injuries to his head and body. Pc Keen told the jury: ‘He (Logan) was laying on his right side. ‘He was in an open foetal position and he was submerged under the water.’ She continued: ‘I immediately went into the water, I took around three strides to get to where Logan was. ‘I picked him up in my arms and walked back towards where special constable Freeth was waiting on the bank. ‘I could see Logan had an injury to the left side of his head. ‘His eyes were wide open, his body was stiff and his lips blue. ‘I formed the opinion that Logan was deceased.’ As the short video was played, Williamson began sobbing loudly in the dock, leaning her head on a prison officer. Another clip of both officers trying to revive Logan was also played in court, however the video had been heavily blurred by investigators. Pc Keen said: ‘My immediate opinion was that Logan was unfortunately already deceased, but it wasn’t down to me to determine that was the case. ‘So I just tried my best until paramedics arrived.’ Pc Freeth recalled finding Logan and described him as wearing ‘dinosaur pyjama bottoms and a Spiderman top’. Williamson and the youth pleaded not guilty to both offences, while Cole denied murder but admitted perverting the course of justice. Williamson and Cole were also charged with causing or allowing the death of a child, which they both denied. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Family release picture to show why they’re fighting for justice for shot BLM activist