Russia will try and storm Kyiv tonight, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has warned in a dramatic late-night address to the nation. Speaking from an undisclosed location as the capital city came under intense gunfire, Zelensky said it was a ‘tough but courageous’ day for Ukraine. And he warned of a difficult night ahead as he believes Russia will try and seize  Kyiv. ‘This night will be hard, very hard, but morning will come,’ he said. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘This night the enemy will be using all available means to break our resistance. This night they will launch an assault. ‘This night we must persevere. The fate of Ukraine is being decided right now.’ Russian troops have been bearing down on Ukraine’s capital all day, with gunfire and explosions resonating ever closer to the government quarter. On Friday night, the Kremlin vetoed a UN Security Council Resolution that called on Moscow to halt its attack and withdraw troops. The vote came after Vladimir Putin revealed his true intentions for invading Ukraine when he called for the army to overthrow the democratically elected leader. The Russian President referred to Zelensky and his leadership team as ‘a band of drug addicts and neo-Nazis’ in a chilling TV address. But Zelensky said his citizens and the rest of the world did not believe the Kremlin’s lies. Then, switching to Russian, Zelensky added: ‘The citizens of the Russian Federation won’t believe them.’ Mr Zelensky, who says he is being hunted down by Russian forces, has continued to put on a defiant front two days after his nation was invaded. In his Friday night message, he hailed his countrymen for enduring ‘a hard, but a courageous day’ and urged them to keep up the resistance. ‘We cannot afford [to lose] the capital,’ the president said. ‘Our main goal is to finish this bloodbath.’ While Zelensky acknowledged Russian forces had inflicted casualties on Ukrainian troops, he maintained ‘the enemy has sustained very serious casualties’, too. ‘Ukrainians are heroically resisting this aggression which cannot be justified,’ he continued. ‘That’s why the occupants are forced to come up with even more absurd accusations.’ It came hours after he broke cover to send another message from the streets of Kyiv vowing to stay and defend the city. The capital was hit by a fresh round of explosions on Friday night. Kyiv’s mayor Vitali Klitschko, a former boxing champion, reported five blasts within three and five minutes near a power station in the north of the city. ‘The emergency services are [responding]. We’re finding out the details,’ Klitschko said. ‘The situation now – without exaggeration – is threatening for Kyiv,’ he added, saying the city faced a ‘difficult night’. Amid the aerial assaults on Kyiv, residents have been sheltering in the city’s underground stations. One woman reportedly gave birth in the metro after taking cover. Images show the streets of Kyiv looking deserted as air raid sirens blare warnings to residents telling them to take to their shelters. President Zelenksy has told civilians to be ‘as careful as possible’ and to help each other’, adding: ‘In case of any danger, go to the shelter.’ But he repeated calls for those who can to join in the fight. ‘Anyone who has already joined the defence of the country or can help the defence – stop the enemy wherever you can, close the special signs that saboteurs leave on the roads and buildings,’ he said. ‘Burn enemy vehicles with everything you can. ‘If even kindergartens are an acceptable goal for the invaders, you should not leave them any chance.’ Moments after he published his address, authorities in Ukraine said it had shot down a Russian Ilyushin Il-76 aeroplane with paratroopers aboard. A statement posted on Facebook said Ukrainian air defence forces had brought the plane down near Vasylkiv, close to Kyiv. There has also been heavy fighting in the  soth of the country. Russia earlier made unverified claims it had taken Melitopol, a southeastern city near Crimea. An update from the UK’s military of defence said that although Russian forces made advancements on Friday, they were being met by ‘strong resistance from the Ukrainian Armed forces’. UK intelligence suggests Russian armoured forces ‘are progressing towards Kyiv from multiple axes in an attempt to encircle the city’. Defence chiefs say Russia has ‘likely conducted an amphibious landing in southern Ukraine between Melitopol and Mariupol’ but that Ukraine ‘retains control of key cities’. Despite the rallying cry to keep fighting, Mr Zelensky has said he is ready to discuss a ceasefire and peace talks with Russia ‘immediately’. His spokesperson denied reports earlier today that he had rebuffed Moscow’s offer to negotiate. Russian media claimed that Ukraine turned down an offer to meet Putin in Minsk, Belarus, which is Russia’s ally.  The Interfax news agency said Ukraine had requested for the talks to be held in Nato state Poland instead. Zelensky’s spokesperson Serhiy Nykyforov refuted that report and said officials from both sides are currently discussing a time and place for talks to be held. Nykyforov wrote on Facebook: ‘I have to refute the claims that we have refused to negotiate. ‘Ukraine was and remains ready to talk about ceasefire and peace. ‘This is our constant position.’ He said that officials from both sides are now ‘consulting about the place and time of the negotiation process’. He added: ‘The sooner the negotiations begin, the more chance there will be to restore normal life.’ However, US intelligence officials say Putin has ‘rejected diplomacy’ and shows ‘no signs of de-escalating’. Intelligence officials believe Putin is seeking to re-draw the world map and revive Russia’s Cold War-era influence by invading Ukraine, fuelling fears of a wider war in Europe. Nato earlier pledged to bolster its eastern flank while the UK, US and EU announced personal sanctions against Putin amid warnings he ‘will not stop at Ukraine’. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.