Novak Djokovic says he feels ‘humiliated’ and painted in a ‘really ugly manner’ following a recent interview with the BBC in which he revealed all about his Australian Open saga. The Serb, who will lose his world No.1 status next week, was deported on the eve of the tournament getting underway last month due to not being vaccinated against coronavirus. Djokovic finally broke his silence on his views regarding the vaccine in a tell-all interview with the BBC earlier this month in which he revealed he opposed the coronavirus jab but does not consider himself anti-vax. The 34-year-old claims he spoke to the public broadaster for 90 minutes but only half an hour was shown and it seems he’s not happy with the outcome. ‘I was painted in a really ugly manner. I was humiliated, if I may say so, on a world stage,’ he told the Serbian network. ‘That is why it is important for me to have the opportunity to say something. ‘I will repeat what I said to the BBC, because I don’t have more to add. ‘I’ve done everything that was asked of me. There is a belief that I was privileged in a way, that I (got the exemption) because of my stature. ‘I will keep saying it and repeat it like a parrot, although the BBC has cut that part of the interview: 10 days before me, a Czech tennis player and Croatian coach entered Australia with the same medical exemption. ‘She played a tournament, he coached his player no problem at all. Suddenly I come and there is a problem. Why? You tell me.’ Djokovic, who says he will continue to miss tournaments that require him to be vaccinated, endured a tricky 11 days in Melbourne in the build up to the tournament that saw his lawyers in lengthy court cases as he was held at a detention hotel. He says his treatment in Australia that played out in front of the whole world will stay with him. ‘I can’t erase from my memory what happened, it is still fresh,’ he added. ‘There were things that shook me that I can’t forget, let alone something like this. ‘What I can do is accept it and move on. You will never see me running away from responsibility or not wanting to answer a certain question. I am not hiding anything.’ MORE : BBC responds to viewer complaints ‘irresponsible’ Novak Djokovic interview was given too much prominence MORE : Novak Djokovic set to lose world No.1 spot after shock defeat to world No.123 Jiri Vesely For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 