A councillor has been forced to apologise after saying his island’s lack of public bins and toilets left residents living in conditions more akin to a concentration camp. Toby Tobin-Dougan, an independent representative for St Martin’s in the Isles of Scilly, said residents should withhold council tax payments. He made the remarks in a message to a fellow councillor and officers in October last year. Mr Tobin-Dougan has now been ordered to undergo equality and diversity training and write a ‘meaningful apology’. While criticising the shortage of bins and toilets on the northernmost island, he likened conditions to those in the Nazi-operated camps at Bergen-Belsen and Dachau. Mr Tobin-Dougan also went on to say that human and dog waste from St Martin’s should be dumped on its neighbouring island St Mary’s. He told The Times the email was written ‘in the heat of the moment’. Mr Tobin-Dougan added: ‘I would just let other people make up their own minds whether in 2022 it’s acceptable for people not to be provided with toilets and somewhere to put their waste.’ The council asked him to apologise informally but he reportedly refused. So offended officers took the official route and a scrutiny committee found that Mr Tobin-Dougan’s comments ‘offensive in the extreme’. The committee also believes the email was designed to ‘bully the recipients’. Monitoring officer Simon Mansell wrote: ‘I am not of the view that anyone acting objectively would consider that this was something that an elected official should be sending, and the attempt by the subject member to use the camps of Bergen-Belsen and Dachau to try to further his argument is something no one should ever contemplate doing. ‘I am fully satisfied that any objective consideration of the facts would result in a reasonable person being of the view that the email brought the subject member’s office into disrepute, and is a breach of paragraph 2.11 of the Code of Conduct.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Mr Tobin-Dougan for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.