A teenager accused of killing a five-year-old boy was heard singing ‘I love to punch kids in the heads, it’s orgasmic’ after being arrested on suspicion of murder, a court heard. Prosecutors allege the 14-year-old was overheard making the comments by a social worker a fortnight after the death of Logan Mwangi. Logan was found ‘dumped like fly-tipped rubbish’ beside the River Ogmore, south Wales, in July last year, having suffered 56 injuries to his head, face, torso, arms and legs. The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, is on trial accused of murder alongside Logan’s mother Angharad Williamson, 30, and her partner John Cole, 40. Prosecutor Caroline Rees QC told Cardiff Crown Court how a social worker allegedly heard the accused teen singing the disturbing song on August 14. Ms Rees said: ‘She heard him singing “I love kids. I f***ing love kids. I love to punch kids in the head. It’s orgasmic.” ‘He repeated the phrase loudly. In the light of the mechanism of injury to Logan, the prosecution say that this is a significant comment. ‘It certainly doesn’t demonstrate any sadness this five-year-old has died in traumatic circumstances.’ The youth is later claimed to have said: ‘I might plead guilty next week’, as well as: ‘I did some bad stuff but I’m not allowed to talk about it.’ Meanwhile Cole, who has admitted taking Logan’s body to the river, is said to have told a prison guard while in custody that he had a ‘moral dilemma’. Logan is believed to have been murdered at home before an ‘elaborate charade’ was concocted to cover up his death. Jurors have heard how Logan’s mother allegedly put on a ‘hideous show of grief’ when her son was found dead, despite knowing what had happened to him. She made a ‘distraught’  999 call to South Wales Police to report her son missing on the day his body was found in the river. In it she is heard screaming ‘help me please’ before telling the call handler that she has woken up and found her son was not there. Williamson repeatedly suggests that another woman may have taken her child and says that Logan’s self-isolation period was due to finish that day. She says: ‘My back gate is open, my back gate is open,’ before stating that her partner is out looking for the youngster. At one point she can be heard calling out to a passer-by, asking them: ‘Excuse me, have you seen a boy?’ She says: ‘He is five. He can’t be on his own, there’s no parent with him, he must be scared. If one of your children was missing, what would you do?’ However, the prosecution say Williamson knew her son’s battered body had been dumped in the river, 400 metres from their front door, and the 999 call is ‘chilling in that it demonstrates the extent to which Williamson was prepared to lie and her ability to put on a performance to save her own skin’. Rees said that when police arrived at her two-bedroom flat in Sarn, Bridgend, she was ‘dramatic, wailing and shouting, playing the part of a distraught mother to the full extent of her acting abilities’. Police body-worn cameras capture Cole supporting the ‘performance’ by pointing out gates and windows that Logan could have escaped from, while the 14-year-old boy appeared ‘wide-eyed’ and adopted ‘a baby voice’ –  which the prosecution said was in sharp contrast to the ‘hostile and confrontational’ tone he took after being arrested. In the background, a tumble dryer and washing machine could be heard. Ms Rees said: ‘Why on earth would the family be doing the laundry as a matter of such urgency in the circumstances? ‘The prosecution suggest that this was to dispose of incriminating evidence and that one of the items laundered was part of Logan’s bedlinen.’ A sheet, which was missing from Logan’s bed, was recovered from the tumble dryer when the property was searched on August 4. Logan’s Paw Patrol duvet and pillow were found to have small amounts of his blood on them consistent, the prosecution said, with him having been bleeding in bed. Jury members heard the young boy had been in self-isolation from July 21 after testing positive with Covid and the last time he was seen alive was on a Facetime call on July 27, four days before he was found dead. Logan’s lifeless body was discovered in the river by a police officer on July 31, when he was taken to hospital. There, Williamson allegedly continued with the web of lies, telling one nurse ‘she wished she had taught him to swim’. Williamson had later asked another nurse why Logan was wet. When she was told it was because his body had been found in the river, she claimed it was the first time she had been made aware of this, the court heard. Ms Rees said this was considered an odd comment, given her earlier statement about not teaching Logan to swim. Logan was found with ‘severe injuries’ likened to falling from a great height or a ‘high velocity’ car crash. A juror became upset as a summary of the medical evidence was read to the court. The court was told he had received ‘catastrophic’ injuries to his abdomen including a tear on his liver and a rip on his bowel. Home office pathologist Dr John Williams found he was covered in bruises including on his scalp and tongue. Tragically, Logan is believed to have survived for several hours after the alleged assault, meaning he may have been saved. Jurors heard there was also evidence Logan’s collar bone had been broken in the weeks before his death – suggesting he may have been abused ‘over a prolonged period of time’. Ms Rees said: ‘The injuries should be considered as consistent with inflicted injury by blows, kicks or impact with a weapon. The deep scalp injury is also consistent with blunt force trauma.’ As the scene of his discovery was described to the court, Williamson began to cry loudly. All three defendants are accused of a perverting the course of justice  by moving Logan’s body to the river near Pandy Park, removing his clothing, washing bloodstained bed linen, and making a false missing person report to police. Cole has admitted this charge but denies murder.  Williamson and the youth have pleaded not guilty to both offences. Jurors heard the investigation was to show each defendant was involved in Logan’s death and the cover-up afterwards. The jury was shown footage of Cole and the teenager leaving the family home in the early hours of July 31. Cole was filmed carrying something in his arms, which he later admitted was Logan’s lifeless body. The court heard the pair walked across the river and along a path to the spot where Logan’s body was found. Cole and the boy then returned to the property before heading out again, it was said, this time to dispose of Logan’s bloodied and torn dinosaur pyjama top. During this time, a light can be seen switching on and off in Logan’s bedroom, which Ms Rees said proves Williamson was awake and knew what had happened to her son. The prosecutor told the court that evidence from Williamson’s mobile phone, which showed she was awake in the early hours of the morning – after the time she told police she had gone to sleep – also proves her involvement. She added: ‘Angharad Williamson must have been awake and up and about, fully aware Logan had died and that his body had been dumped in the river by her partner – disposed of like they were fly-tipping rubbish.’ The two adults were also charged with causing or allowing the death of a child, which they both deny. The case, which is expected to last about eight weeks, continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.