A heartbroken mum has donated 50 pints of breast milk to sick babies after her son was stillborn. Sarah Lampley, 34, was devastated when she started bleeding heavily in her 38th week of pregnancy. She almost died as she experienced placental abruption and tragically lost baby Legend. Legend’s three brothers have named him a ‘superhero’ after his positioning in the womb prevented blood clots from moving to other parts of her body, saving their mum’s life. After returning home from hospital, Sarah chose to ‘let Legend’s legacy live on’ by donating her breast milk. Fourteen weeks later, she has now given over 800oz of ‘liquid gold’ to the Mother’s Milk Bank of Alabama in the US. Speaking of using her traumatic experience to help others, Sarah said it had ‘brought purpose and comfort in my grief’. ‘A few days after delivering my son, I still had to go through postpartum which was really hard for me, but what made me feel worse was the thought of throwing my milk away’, she said. ‘I feel forever changed but I want to use this for good. I know that even in our darkest hours we can still be a light to others.’ Husband Lewis was concerned that pumping milk would be too emotionally draining for his partner – but soon noticed it was helping her. She said: ’My husband was worried that it would be hard, and he was protective of my feelings, but once he saw how happy it made me, he was on board.’ The couple’s three sons – Lewis, 15, London, eight, and Leo, six – have also been supportive of their mum’s decision. ‘When my sons asked who the milk was for, their little faces lit up and they said: “Good job mummy”‘, Sarah said. ‘They also call Legend a superhero for saving my life. It’s amazing how resilient they are. They are great at talking about it and they like to draw pictures which we put in a memory box.’ After sharing news of her donations, Sarah has been contacted by other mothers who lost children, as well as those whose premature children have benefited from milk donations. She said: ‘It was really encouraging and kept me going. I’ve met some mums who donated because they didn’t want their babies to be forgotten. ‘I don’t want that for Legend either. Over the years, I hope he will always be remembered as the hero that he was.’ Speaking of the support she has received from family and friends over the past few months, she added: ‘For us it was great to feel so much love and warmth and I’m amazed that we’re doing as well as we are. ‘It makes you realise that you do have strength inside, even if you didn’t think it was there.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.