Peaky Blinders star Cillian Murphy has revealed the gruelling process he went through to perfect the character of Tommy Shelby. The 45-year-old Irish actor had to bulk up and work on his accent to play the leader of the Birmingham criminal gang for the popular BBC One show. Cillian revealed he recorded Birmingham pub goers to transform his Cork accent and practice speaking in Shelby’s voice. A decidedly difficult task for him, Cillian visited the real Garrison pub with the show’s creator Steven Knight and his ‘Brummie mates’ and recorded locals singing and talking. Speaking to Radio Times about his character, he said: ‘I do not share one thing with him. ‘There’s no iota of commonality between the two of us.’ Talking about his visits to the pub, he added: ‘We’re just drinking Guinness there, and they’re singing Birmingham City songs and telling all sorts of stories, and I was recording on my iPhone, and then I took that home, and used it to try and track the accents, you know.’ He even admitted leaving Steven voicemails in the accent to ‘see how close’ he was. As well as changing his accent, Cillian was tasked with lifestyle and physical changes to fit the imposing and brutal character suffering from post traumatic stress disorder that leads the Birmingham gang. He admitted having ‘to eat a lot of protein and lift a lot of weights and do all that stuff’ to fit into the character’s physical image. ‘So that takes a while, which I hate,’ he said. This season will bring an end to the show and follow Shelby’s redemption arc before a climactic ending as he moves away from his life of crime to America. Cillian has previously shared how different the season will be without the family matriarch Aunt Polly, played by Helen McCrory who died last year at the age of 52 after a private battle with cancer. The actor has said that he hopes this season will pay tribute to her and ‘live up to her memory and our memory of her.’ Peaky Blinders begins on Sunday, February 27 at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peaky Blinders season 6 episode 1 review: It’s all-out war in the Shelby family in what promises to be darkest series yet MORE : Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight desperate for Vicky McClure to join film cast ‘I really want her in it!’