Another week may have just ground into action, but fear not, there’s good news on the horizon. First, we’re nearly through with February, and March (and lighter days) are just around the corner. And second, astrology and your trusty forecasts are here to help you have a brilliant week. Read on for a full set of horoscopes for all the star signs. March 21 to April 20 Seeking a new perspective on an ongoing issue? The Sun’s tie to Uranus, suggests key insights could help you see the value of change. A shift in mindset can be the key to a fresh outlook and a sense of closure. Also watch out for someone’s unwillingness to co-operate. You’ll need to use your powers of persuasion to nudge them into being more pliable. It might be hard work! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Feel stuck and eager for a positive shift? If you want your affairs to flow, then turn your attention to other things that may take your mind off your predicament. The good news is that by the end of this week, there will be a significant change. And as the days go by, your instincts will let you know what to do to make it happen. For now, focus on what you can comfortably manage. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Focused on one matter to the exclusion of other things? Even so, this is a time when many things could happen at once Gemini, and you’ll need eyes everywhere to stay ahead of the game. You may be paying scant attention to a key issue though, perhaps because it involves deep-seated emotions you’d rather not have to deal with. In a few days, you might have to confront it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Feel as though things are on the point of change? You’re right they are, and the days ahead could reveal all. You may need to resolve some knotty issues, and the planets are prepping you to do just this. If certain matters seem to loom above you, then it might help to get a fresh perspective. Someone else can see the same thing from an angle that makes resolving this so much easier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Eager to explore new options? You may be weighed down by issues that seem impossible to resolve. The good news is that by the end of the week, you’ll feel much more optimistic about the potential for a shift. Turn your back on disagreements for now and try to clear up any backlog, as the more room there is to manoeuvre, the easier it will be to navigate through the days ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 It doesn’t matter why certain things have happened, Virgo. What you need to do now is accept them and make the best of them. Whatever seems so hard to handle could be a major opportunity, and a few steps away from something much better. A new range of possibilities will shortly come into view, and they’ll spur you on to think about how you can make best use of them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may be feeling the intensity already, with Venus your personal planet aligned with Mars and Pluto. A certain matter might be building up steam, and is likely to come to a head shortly. If it involves confrontation, then don’t shy away from it, Libra. Go through this and stand up for what you believe is right, and over the weekend you’ll see a positive turnaround you never expected. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A transformational few days could lie ahead of you. There is scope for exciting developments, and for moving forward with a deal that might be very lucrative. Still, you may need to drive a hard bargain or negotiate for all you’re worth, to get what you want. Ready to socialize? You can connect with someone who is a delight to be around and relish their company, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As Mercury aligns with sobering Saturn, someone may clam up when it comes to talking about an important matter. This person might even be you, Archer. The reason could be a need to proceed with caution, and this can make you or others aware of the danger of saying the wrong thing. This attitude may impede progress, as a little more spontaneity might hasten results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The coming days could be demanding, but you’ll easily take it in your stride. The only difficulty you might encounter, is letting go of something that you’ve put time and effort into. Whatever it is needs to be released in its present form, so that improvements can take place. You’ll find that overhauling a plan or negotiating aspects of a relationship may change things for the better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A brilliant idea for raising extra money could come out of the blue, especially if you need it for a purchase or a project you’re working on. A flash of inspiration can also be just what’s needed to repair a household item. Rather than splashing out on a replacement, you may be able to get a part or get someone with some savvy to fix it at very little cost, leaving you with money to spare. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Whatever you’re doing, this isn’t the time to go with the crowd Pisces, but to be original. The Sun’s link with Uranus allows you to think out of the box, whether you’re solving a problem, working on a creative project or considering what to wear on a date. This way you’ll certainly get noticed, and it could work to your advantage. Busy with a project? A clear plan can help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness