Piers Morgan has officially landed Down Under as he prepares to make the final touches on his brand-new talk show on TalkTV. The 56-year-old broadcaster looked ready for business as he left Rupert Murdoch’s private jet with Fox executive Lachlan Murdoch on Monday night, before a fancy mini-break in Hawaii. But before the real work starts, Morgan uploaded a picture of himself on social media wearing a floral lei around his neck and cocktail in his hand. Alongside the picture, he wrote: ‘First ever time in Hawaii, so celebrated with a wild 45-minute 1am Mai Tai-fuelled party on the tarmac in Honolulu en route to Australia. ALOHA!’ Morgan’s latest and biggest project to date, TalkTV will offer ‘a mix of programming from News UK’s stable of household brands’ covering news, sports, entertainment, and current affairs with a sprinkling of opinion and debate. Following Morgan’s infamous departure from Good Morning Britain in March 2021, the outspoken journalist promised his latest show will celebrate ‘the right of everyone to have an opinion.’ Promoting his brand new series, which is set to be on our screen this spring, the TV star quipped: ‘I’ll be a tri-continent irritant which is something I’ve been aspiring to be for quite some time… If you’ve missed me on morning TV, I’m sorry, I’ll be back very soon.’ And although an official launch date hasn’t been given, Morgan recently shared a big update as he posted a snap of an empty studio on social media. ‘BREAKING: First (very early) glimpse of my spanking new work home,’ he wrote. ‘If you judge a man by the size of his studio then I’ll be MASSIVE when my new global daily prime-time TV show launches in a few weeks. ps relax, those aren’t actually dance-floor lights… 🕺.’ While on the other side of the world, it was recently reported that Good Morning Britain producers have ‘given up’ finding the perfect male presenter to fill Morgan’s shoes. A source told The Mail on Sunday: ‘Replacing Piers was always going to be tough, but no one thought that almost a year on they still wouldn’t have found anyone. It is one of the biggest shows on TV, so it really shouldn’t have been this hard.’ An ITV spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Good Morning Britain is an award-winning breakfast show with great journalism at its core and a brilliantly talented team both on and off screen who all play a part in its continued success.’ Morgan found himself in hot water last year following a row with co-star Alex Beresford over Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s explosive chat with Oprah Winfrey. He received a record number of complaints but was later cleared by Ofcom. TalkTV is expected to launch soon. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield joined by wife Stephanie Lowe and daughter Molly to celebrate his 40-year TV career as he acknowledges ‘changes in our lives MORE : Peaky Blinders creator Steven Knight desperate for Vicky McClure to join film cast ‘I really want her in it!’ 