The cast of Friends have really taken the theme tune seriously, even after all these years, after it promised ‘I’ll be there for you’ (which you now, presumably, have in your head). The proof is in the pudding, though, and Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Matt LeBlanc, Lisa Kudrow, Matthew Perry and David Schwimmer have seemingly remained a tight-knit crew since the finale in 2004, through marriages, heartbreak, addiction battles, babies, TV spin-off successes, Hollywood stardom and everything in between. As some casts of long-running shows fall out long before the cameras stop rolling, the cast of Friends have remained, well, friends after first finding intense fame alongside one another in 1994. And the anticipated Reunion special last year only cemented their closeness, as they got back together to reminisce. Speaking on their bond, an insider previously told The New York Post: ‘They’re a very tight-knit group. Everything they went through together bonded them. It’s a gift to have that kind of friendship.’ Here’s what they’ve said about one another, and how they’ve showed us how friendship is done through thick and thin. Jennifer – who played Rachel Green – is arguably the co-star who has copped the most focus (read: gossip and speculation, but also, amazing success) since her time on the show. Weaved in between and after her marriage to Brad Pitt, which ended in their 2005 divorce, and her second marriage and split in 2017 from actor Justin Theroux, Jen’s life has apparently been up for public consumption, with seemingly endless speculation about her ‘broken heart’ or multiple ‘pregnancies’. Jen, who’s starred in massive films including We’re The Millers, Netflix giant Murder Mystery, and Cake, has continued to poke fun at the rumours about her personal life, previously telling InStyle: ‘It’s pretty crazy. The misconceptions are “Jen can’t keep a man,” and “Jen refuses to have a baby because she’s selfish and committed to her career.” Or that I’m sad and heartbroken. ‘First, with all due respect, I’m not heartbroken. And second, those are reckless assumptions. No one knows what’s going on behind closed doors. No one considers how sensitive that might be for my partner and me. They don’t know what I’ve been through medically or emotionally. ‘There is a pressure on women to be mothers, and if they are not, then they’re deemed damaged goods. Maybe my purpose on this planet isn’t to procreate. Maybe I have other things I’m supposed to do.’ And through it all, Jen still appeared to count her co-stars as her closest pals, with Courteney being a shoulder to lean on during tougher moments. She previously said of best mate Courteney in More magazine: ‘There’s absolutely no judgment in Court. You’ll never feel scolded. She’s extremely fair, ridiculously loyal and fiercely loving. ‘I’ve slept in her guest bedroom a lot. Without giving away too much of my private stuff, all I can say is she’s been there for me through thick and thin.’ Just this week Courteney – who starred as Monica Geller – has shared how her relationship with her friends co-stars has prospered since the show, also opening up on her on-screen husband, Matthew Perry, who has long documented his battle with addiction. Speaking about her pal and co-star in The Sunday Times, Courteney said: ‘He’s just struggled for a while. I think he’s doing great now.’ Noting of his anxiety about delivering the laughs, the actress – who played the wife of Matthew’s Chandler Bing – went on: ‘That was a lot of pressure he put on himself. That’s a lot to think how much he relied on that for his own self-worth.’ The pair have remained close since the show ended, and in 2019 shared a loved-up selfie after a lunch date. ‘Guess who I had lunch with today….I KNOW!! Could I BE any happier? #realfriends,’ Courteney captioned the picture. Their Friends co-stars couldn’t get enough of the snap and both Lisa Kudrow and Jennifer shared comments. Courteney has also been propped up by her castmates after going through her own heartbreak, after struggling to conceive while filming the series. Speaking in an interview for NBC in 2004, Courteney, who has daughter Coco, 17, with ex-husband David Arquette, said: ‘I remember one time I just had a miscarriage and Rachel was giving birth. ‘It was like that same time. Oh my God, it was terrible having to be funny.’ But in 2004, Jen was named godmother to Courteney’s daughter before, in 2005, it’s reported Jen asked Court to be her maid of honour when she married Justin Theroux. Matthew has been open about his past addiction battles, after he turned to prescription pain killers after a jet-ski accident in 1997. After becoming hooked on Vicodin, he headed to rehab for the first time that year. He told People: ‘It wasn’t my intention to have a problem with it. But from the start, I liked how it made me feel and I wanted to get more.’ In 2000, he was admitted to hospital for pancreatitis, which is an inflammation of the pancreas from alcohol abuse, with the Chandler star admitting it was a ‘very dark time’. He told The New York Times in 2002: ‘I didn’t get sober because I felt like it. I got sober because I was worried I was going to die the next day.’ His castmates have stood by him, despite finding it difficult to be on the sidelines as he battled, with Lisa Kudrow saying: ‘Hard doesn’t even begin to describe it. When Matthew was sick, it was not fun. We were just hopelessly standing on the sidelines. We were hurting a lot. ‘Matthew is one of the funniest people I’ve ever met in my life. He’s charming and hilarious. Most of our hard laughs came from Matthew.’ During last year’s reunion, Matthew also candidly discussed his difficulties while recording the sitcom to a live audience. ‘At least to me, I felt like I was going to die if they didn’t laugh,’ he said, which came as a huge surprise to the rest of the cast. ‘It’s not healthy for sure but I would sometimes say a line and they wouldn’t laugh and I would sweat and just go into convulsions if I didn’t get the laugh I was supposed to get. I would freak out.’ ‘You didn’t tell us that,’ Lisa said. ‘I don’t remember you ever saying that.’ ‘Oh yeah, I felt like that every single night,’ the actor explained. It’s since been claimed the star will open up about his relationship with his Friends co-stars in his upcoming memoir, Friends, Lovers And The Big Terrible Thing, and, according to sources, ‘won’t sugarcoat’ the tougher times. Matt, who has gone through his own personal struggles away from the show – after splitting with wife Melissa McKnight in 2006, and suffering a setback when his spin-off Joey didn’t find the same success as its predecessor- is still tight with his costars. Particularly Matthew. Quoted by People, Matt – who played Joey Tribbiani – is reported to have said of his pal: ‘I saw him yesterday. I love that guy! I can not see him for five years and then get in a room together and still have that shorthand with each other. It’s amazing, really. ‘Ten years in a building with no windows and the doors locked, we got to know each other pretty well.’ He added of his other co-stars: ‘I love all five of them. We spent a lot of time together.’ The star said: ‘Jen’s like my little sister. Courteney and Lisa are like my big sisters, but Jen’s like my little sister. Matthew’s like my little brother, and David’s like my big brother. That’s how it all broke down. And it’s literally just like chronological.’ While Phoebe Buffay actress Lisa’s personal life has remained pretty out of the spotlight (she’s been married to husband Michel Stern since 1995), she’s remained particularly close to Courteney and Jennifer, showing the trio has a friendship that goes much further than the show. The three of them appeared together in a cameo for the remote version of the Emmy Awards in 2020, joking they’ve been ‘roommates since 1994’, while they also make regular appearances on one another’s social media accounts, much to our continued delight. In another dash of cute, Lisa insists she won’t watch Friends until she can do it with her co-stars, previously telling Variety: ‘I don’t watch the show. I’m still not watching it in the hopes that one day we sit down and watch them together.’ Similar to Lisa, David – who played Ross Geller – has lived a life away from Friends very much out of the spotlight, having married British artist Zoe Buckman in 2010, before they divorced seven years later. Be that as it may, the pair have come together for their daughter Cleo, recently joining a Black Lives Matter protest together. The actor spoke briefly about how difficult it was seeing co-star and friend Matthew during his addictions, when asked by Oprah in a 2004 interview whether it was ‘hard to see a friend in trouble’. He appeared sad at the thought and simply replied, ‘It was really hard.’ Oh and while he may be close to his co-stars, but, sadly he’s not dating Jennifer Aniston.