Feeling on edge? There are restless energies going on in the cosmos today, which could come to a head. But your horoscope is here to reassure you. Relationship drama, Leo? Try to let things blow over. Expect the unexpected, Virgo. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, February 25, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 The seed of an idea may take root and could blossom into a fruitful collaboration or encourage a friendship. Current energies can leave you impatient for results though, which might mean you’re tempted to rush this. If you allow things to gently proceed, results will be much more meaningful. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Interacting with others may not be as smooth a process as you might like. Care could be needed with delicate matters. While this may be unsettling, it might be part of the process that brings small but positive benefits. Whatever occurs, know that it is for the best. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 An erratic blend of energies can leave you feeling restless. But having friends on hand could be helpful, as good company may be therapeutic and just what you need. Even so, you might feel you have let someone down, which may not be the case at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 While you may present a business-like front, your mind may be elsewhere, and you might have a yearning for new adventures. These mental meanderings could be harmless compared to a proposition you might be mulling over though. Although tempting, it may be a tad risky. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Should you find yourself in a relationship drama, the cosmic backdrop suggests doing what you can to allow things to settle. The ability to stand back may give a better perspective. Although this could be a cause for concern over the next day or so, fresh insights might resolve this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Restless thoughts can be a result of Mercury’s edgy angle to Uranus, which could mean that you find it hard to settle to your usual routine. Factor in unexpected events, and it may be easier to respond to life as it happens, as planning might not be an option. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Are you exploring a golden opportunity? The way you go about it may need some finesse. If you appear in a hurry you could give the wrong impression. Besides, it might lead to you forgetting some important details. Slow down, as it’s important to give an impression of thoroughness. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You may find comfort in talking to others who understand a predicament you’re going through. A coffee and a chat could restore your spirits in no time. On another note, you might be hoping for a peaceful day, yet a domestic issue may need attention. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 A get-together could be snarled up by complications you hadn’t anticipated, so it might be better to put this off for another day. Doing so can benefit you, as if there are things to discuss there is less likelihood of any misunderstandings. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 What seems like an exciting plan could be subject to delays. And it might cost more than anticipated. With an edgy blend of energies showing up though, it may be better arranged for another day. Besides, you likely have far better things to spend your time on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 There are times when it feels lonely pursuing a goal, especially if you’ve had to cut back on other activities to accomplish it. You might feel this way as you contemplate a scenario in which you lost out on family time. Once the results start rolling in though, they can offset any setbacks. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You could feel on edge if things don’t happen as you expect. There’s a chance a key event may be cancelled. The cosmic backdrop suggests a pause while you get your bearings. The Sun in your sign and other upbeat trends hint at positive developments that can make up for this disappointment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness