Emma Willis responded to former Big Brother co-star Rylan Clark’s continued campaign to get the Channel 5 show back on the air, admitting it might ‘not be ready’ just yet. Big Brother was last seen on our screens in 2018 before it was axed from the broadcaster after nearly two decades. Last month, Big Brother’s Bit On The Side host Rylan called for the programme to make a return after the Australian spin-off came to E4. Now, much-loved presenter, Emma has weighed in on whether she wants it back just as much as Rylan. Chatting to Metro.co.uk at this week’s Peaky Blinders premiere, Emma replied: ‘Everybody wants it back! ‘I think it will come back when it’s ready, maybe it’s not ready yet. ‘If you’re gonna do it again, you’ve got to do it fantastically well.’ She went on to add: ‘Hopefully, there’s somebody beavering away somewhere that is coming up with an amazing plan for it, but I don’t know anything about it if they are!’ The final civilian series of the show was won by Cameron Cole in 2018, who came out during his appearance in the compound. Big Brother first aired in the UK in 2000 on Channel 4 and continued for 11 series on the network until 2010, when it was picked up by Channel 5. Ryan Thomas was crowned the last-ever winner of Celebrity Big Brother in that same year. The series also sparked thousands of Ofcom complaints after Roxanne Pallett falsely accused the actor of punching her. Rylan previously told The Mirror: ‘Big Brother was like a child to me – doing Big Brother’s Bit on the Side every night became like a lifestyle rather than a job. ‘Big Brother changed my life completely – a proper 360 – and I miss it dearly and I just think if it was to come back now, it could come back the same but so different now.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Olly Murs forced to cancel tour as he’s taken to hospital for knee operation after horrific injury MORE : Love Island’s Maura Higgins has ‘never been so unwell’ as she reveals she’s been bed-bound for days 