People in Ukraine have been cramming on to trains departing for Poland amid a desperate scramble to flee the Russian invasion. Nearly 120,000 people have so far left their homeland for neighbouring countries including Poland, according to the UN refugee agency – but it fears that number could balloon to some 4 million. The current figure is rising rapidly with locals packing bags and rushing to escape, particularly from Kyiv, which Russian forces continue to advance on. One route out is by rail and that has led to crushes at stations as crowds queue to leave on the next service out – but currently there does not appear to be enough capacity to cope. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live A BBC News report showed the ‘desperation’ of thousands of people on a platform and a mother screaming in the jostling to board a train. Meanwhile, on Saturday a Polish government official said the country had sent a hospital train to pick up those wounded in Mostyska, western Ukraine, and take them to Warsaw for treatment. The neighbouring nation has declared its border open to fleeing Ukrainians, including to those without official documents. The train departed from the border town of Przemysl and had five carriages adapted to transport the wounded and four stocked with humanitarian aid for Ukraine’s Lviv district. Some Ukrainian men were reportedly heading back into Ukraine from Poland to take up arms against Russian forces. Shabia Mantoo, a spokeswoman of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, said earlier: ‘Almost 116,000 have crossed international borders as of right now. This may go up, it’s changing every minute. ‘It’s very fluid and changing by the hour.’ The agency expects up to four million Ukrainians could flee if the situation deteriorates further. On Thursday, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky banned men of military age from leaving the country. That means most of those fleeing were women, children and the elderly. Ms Mantoo said the majority are heading to Poland, Moldova, Hungary, Romania and Slovakia, and even some into Belarus – a Russian ally from where some Russian forces entered Ukraine. She did not immediately have details on numbers by country, but by far the largest numbers were arriving in Poland. Around two million Ukrainians have already settled to work there in recent years, partly because Russia’s previous military moves into Ukraine in 2014 and because of the economy its EU’s neighbour. Poland’s government said on Saturday morning that more than 100,000 Ukrainians had crossed the border in the past 48 hours. At the Medyka border crossing, a line of vehicles waiting to enter Poland stretched nine miles into Ukraine, Polish broadcaster TVN24 reported. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Putin’s plan crumbles as Ukrainians halt Kyiv advance with fierce resistance