Britain’s Covid vaccination programme used public money ‘effectively’ and met ‘unprecedented targets’ to protect the population, the spending watchdog has said. Securing a supply of vaccines early was ‘crucial to the successful rollout’ which helped ‘to save lives and reduce serious illness and hospitalisation’, the National Audit Office (NAO) has said. The watchdog is better known for its stern criticisms than lavishing praise but has been positive about the government’s jab rollout in its latest report. The summary, which covers a period up to the end of October 2021, said the wastage of vaccine doses had been far lower than forecast at about 4.7 million or 4% of the supply. Spending up to the end of October was £5.6 billion, out of a pot of £8.3 billion intended to last until March. The NAO said its calculations had found the average procurement cost per dose of the vaccine had been £15.02 including VAT, but this varied between suppliers over time. It found the average deployment cost per jab was £25.70. The NAO said the jab programme now ‘needs to maintain the high levels of vaccine uptake it has achieved among the general population’. It has also warned of challenges ahead, including staff burnout, and the delivery of further jabs to around 3.7 million adults who have still not been vaccinated. The report also said despite efforts to address inequalities, some ethnic minority groups ‘remained substantially below the national average’ in terms of uptake, as well as younger people and pregnant women. Gareth Davies, the head of the NAO, said: ‘The vaccine programme has been successful in getting early access to what were brand new Covid-19 vaccines, securing supply of them, and administering them to a large proportion of the population at unprecedented speed. ‘The programme must now redouble its efforts to reach those who are not yet vaccinated while also considering what a more sustainable model will involve as it moves out of its emergency phase.’ Dame Meg Hillier, Labour chair of the Commons public accounts committee, said the rollout had been a ‘real success’. ‘Great credit is due to the scientists creating the vaccines, the national bodies involved in securing the doses we needed, and those administering the jabs,’ she added. ‘However, the success of the rollout didn’t extend to all parts of society. ‘Government needs to do more to understand how it can better reach those groups and communities where uptake was low. ‘Now the worst of the pandemic has hopefully passed, the Government can’t afford to put its feet up. It must learn lessons from its response to Covid to ensure the country is better prepared for future emergencies.’ The praise for the Covid jab rollout comes as the government pledged to invest £160 million in speeding up vaccine development for deadly diseases. The funding for the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (Cepi) will support its mission to cut the time it takes to develop a vaccine to just 100 days – about a third of the time that it took the world to create a Covid-19 jab. Cepi is also working on developing ‘variant-proof’ vaccines which could protect against future coronavirus strains. The UK has provided Cepi with £276 million since 2018. The coronavirus pandemic saw vaccine development timelines shrink from around 10 years to 326 days – an achievement that inspired the 100-day goal. Cepi is also helping to boost vaccine manufacturing in low and middle-income countries to enable equitable access to jabs globally. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.