Pioneering drum and bass star MC Skibadee has died aged 54, his family has announced. The legendary jungle MC – real name Alfonso Bondzie – has been hailed instrumental to the music industry after bursting onto the scene in 1993. Confirming the news of his death on social media, a statement read: ‘Hello everyone, as Alphonsos first born I unfortunately come some with sad news to say that Skibadee has passed away, as a family we ask for some privacy but may he rest in peace.’ By the end of 1995, Skibadee was resident for all Kool FM, Fever, T & J, Malachite, Electrybe, NJC, Designer label Ball, and Innersense. Some two years later, he teamed up with MC Det and launched a new project called 2Xfreestyle, which involved putting a drum and bass tempo over a hip-hop beat, therefore creating a doubletime effect. Skibadee was awarded a number of accolades over the course of his career, including the 1Xtra award for best MC in 2006. In 2008 and 2009, he took home best lyrical MC and best hype MC in the national drum and bass awards. DJ Fresh was among those paying tribute to the star. ‘I cannot believe I’m writing this. RIP @TheRealSkibz MC Skibadee,’ he penned. ‘His contribution to Drum and Bass can never be equaled. ‘He was first and foremost a great guy I always really enjoyed spending time with. Goodbye old friend, we will keep your memory alive forever.’ Plastician added: ‘Skibadee was your favourite MC’s favourite MC’s favourite MC. I think he was the first person I ever heard MC, and I’m sure that would be the same for a lot of people my age. Can’t underestimate the foundations that guy built for everything we’ve had since then.’ BBC Radio 1 presenter René LaVice said: ‘I can’t believe I’m writing this, but my heart goes out to the family and close friends of MC Skibadee who has sadly passed away. Skibadee inspired me beyond words, and he had such a big impact in my formative years when I was really young.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 