Manchester United interim manager Ralf Rangnick was critical of his forwards’ ‘sharpness and efficiency in-front of goal’ after a frustrating goalless draw with Watford on Saturday. The Red Devils dominated the game, taking 22 shots at goal, although only three of them were on target as they failed to make the most of the opportunities they created at Old Trafford. United were booed off by the Old Trafford crowd at full time after the likes of Cristiano Ronaldo, Bruno Fernandes and Anthony Elanga all failed to break the deadlock. Rangnick was pleased with the amount of chances created, but was far from impressed by his side’s ability in front of goal. ‘We did everything apart from score. It’s hard to take that result. In the end, if you miss that many chances it is difficult to win the game,’ Rangnick told Match of the Day. ‘We were in full control for almost the whole game, we didn’t allow them hardly any counter attacks. ‘We need to be sharper in front of goal, you can hardly create more chances than we did today. In the end it is a very frustrating afternoon. ‘Had anyone told me that we would create that many clear chances I would have said ‘yes, that is enough for us to score one of two goals at least’. But we didn’t.’ Ronaldo came closest to opening the scoring when he hit the post, which Rangnick reckoned was unlucky, but does not claim a lack of fortune for the rest of the missed chances. ‘That was not the only one [chance],’ he said. ‘In the first half we had five massive chances then in the second half we had another three or four. Today we had enough chances to win that game. ‘Sometimes we are unlucky, when we hit the post, but we also had a few opportunities one-on-one with the goalkeeper. This is not luck, it is a question of sharpness and efficiency in-front of goal.’ MORE : Ralf Rangnick explains Manchester United team selection for Watford clash MORE : Manchester United star Jesse Lingard wanted to join Newcastle in January, says Magpies co-owner Amanda Staveley For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 