A man who was stranded in flood water for more than 10 hours during Storm Eunice was dramatically pulled out of his tractor. David Jones, 64, was at the centre of a huge rescue mission after he became trapped in a pool of water on his way to a quarry in Llandrinio, Wales last Tuesday. He got stuck after River Severn had burst its banks following the extreme winds of Storm Eunice and Storm Franklin, which also saw thousands lose power across the country. Mr Jones was stranded at 7.30am, but colleagues only raised the alarm at 3.40pm after they became increasingly concerned he had not returned to the yard. Thanks to some online sleuthing, police guided rescue services to him, and were able to save him from any harm. ‘I was going to the quarry to get some stone,’ Mr Jones, from Acton Burnell in Shropshire, said. ‘I was going through the water and it started getting deeper and deeper, so I had to stop or the water could have damaged the engine.’ He said he was unable to call for help as his mobile had run out of battery, and he was unsure if anyone would come and rescue him. ‘I just had to wait for someone to come looking for me,’ he said. ‘I didn’t turn the radio on because I was worried about the electrics. I had my lunch with me so I was okay for food.’ Dyfed-Powys Police located a social media post of flooding that appeared to show a tractor in the distance, surrounded by flood water. Officers then used a website that pinpoints locations, what3words, to guide a helicopter from the National Police Air Service (NPAS) to the trapped tractor driver. Inspector Darren Brown said: ‘There had been no contact throughout the day, so we didn’t know if he was safe. ‘We called in NPAS to get as close to tractor as possible to look inside. They saw a reflective jacket and movement, so confirmed somebody was inside.’ The fire service were then called in with a rib to take Mr Jones to safety. Station manager Andrew Richards, from the Mid and West Wales Fire and Rescue Service, said: ‘Our crews worked tirelessly over the weekend and into the early part of this week in responding to the regional flooding brought about by Storm Eunice and Storm Franklin. ‘Our crews were already at another flooding incident and had rescued four people from their properties in the Llandrinio area when they called to assist the police to rescue a man in a tractor. ‘Thanks to the support of the police helicopter that located the tractor within the floodwater, our Swift Water Rescue Team we were then able to deploy and access the vehicle and rescue the gentleman using a boat.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.