A skydiving instructor died in a tandem jump after his parachute failed to deploy, while a student with him survived with ‘serious’ injuries. The male instructor, who has not been identified, jumped at Skydive Houston in Waller, Texas, on Saturday afternoon and was rushed to Memorial Hermann Medical Center with ‘severe’ injuries, company officials said. Meanwhile, the female student was airlifted to the hospital in Houston and is expected to survive, the officials said on Sunday. ‘Skydive Houston, along with the greater skydiving community at large, is deeply saddened by the loss of our tandem instructor and friend,’ the company stated. ‘Our sincerest condolences are extended to his friends and family. We continue to pray for a full recovery for the injured tandem student.’ The instructor’s parachute ‘failed to open’ during the jump, Waller County Sheriff Troy Guidry told CNN. ‘The primary and secondary (parachutes) both just kind of swirled down,’ Guidry said. An investigation on the accident continues and the cause has not yet been determined. Alex Arias, who lives near the site of the accident, said he saw the instructor and student struggling with their parachutes. ‘He let off his primary and then the secondary chute like opened halfway up so he didn’t fall like a straight fall, he was like 50% chute, like a corkscrew,’ Arias told KPRC. The instructor was unconscious after they hit the ground, but the student was alert and cried for help, Arias said. Tandem skydiving accidents are very rare, Skydive Houston said, citing statistics from a private governing body for skydiving in the US. ‘Skydive Houston has an excellent safety record, and significant injuries associated with tandem skydiving are extremely rare,’ the company stated. ‘Over the past 10 years, the United States Parachute Association has recorded one student fatality per 500,000 jumps, on average.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page