Lateral flow test kits are unavailable to order online amid fears people are stockpiling them ahead of charges being introduced. The Government’s website stated there were no kits available to order at midday on Tuesday despite new rules limiting the number of tests people can request. Boris Johnson has announced the UK is abolishing free tests for all but the most vulnerable from April 1 as the Omicron wave subsides. It means people may have to pay up to £20 to get hold of a pack of seven test kits if they want to ensure they don’t have the virus before meeting loved ones. In preparation, some appear to have started stockpiling kits to use after the April 1 deadline. One image shared online showed a pile of 21 test kits, stockpiled by someone who said they were ‘fully prepared’ for when charges are introduced. Another man sharing a picture of an ‘absurd tower’ of testing kits said he had been ordering then whenever he remembered so he could protect his students at work. But others complained of shortages this morning after the rush of orders. One person tweeted: ‘I’m unable to get any lateral flow tests delivered to my home. My local pharmacy doesn’t have any available for me to collect. I have no tests left. I work with the most vulnerable people in society. What do I do now if I have the mildest symptoms?’ In response to the concerns, the Government is now capping the number of tests people can order to ‘manage demand’. Tests ordered online are only available every three days, when previously people could order a new pack every 24 hours. Despite the measure, a message on the Government testing portal states: ‘Sorry, there are no home delivery slots left for rapid lateral flow tests right now.’ The shortages echo problems experienced during the height of the Omicron wave when the portal frequently ran out of tests for days on end. As well as huge demand due to the number of people testing positive, problems with delivery companies exacerbated the issues. The UK Health Security Agency said that test availability is refreshed regularly so people are encouraged to re-visit the site every few hours as more will become available. On Monday, Prime Minister Boris Johnson said that the testing system had cost £2 billion in January alone as he set out plans to end access to free tests. The Living with Covid plan states: ‘Over two billion lateral flow tests have been provided across the UK since 2020. ‘UKHSA continues to have good stock levels and will manage these to provide flexibility in future. ‘Ahead of the end of free universal testing in England, it will be necessary for UKHSA to cap the number of tests distributed each day to manage demand. ‘Given that advice to test has and continues to reduce, the Government urges people only to order what they need.’ Mr Johnson said his administration is working with retailers to ‘ensure that everyone who wants to can buy a test.’ But he did not confirm how much they will cost when they become available. The costs of tests can vary significantly – one Government supplier charges £5 for a single test but this can reduce in price with bulk buying. In comparison, in Europe people can pick up tests for cheaper – for as little as £1 each in France, £1.80 each in Germany and Spain’s Government has capped them at roughly £2.45. MORE : Fully vaccinated ‘won’t have to take Covid tests to travel to EU from next week’ MORE : Covid tests ‘to cost £20 per box’ when free lateral flows end on April 1 Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.