NHS staff in England have been offered a ‘tight-fisted’ 3% salary rise, which is set to leave many of them struggling to ‘fill up at the pump, buy groceries and pay bills’. The rise, which will be barely half the rate of inflation, was revealed last year but now the government has officially submitted it to the NHS Pay Review Body. Boris Johnson and chancellor Rishi Sunak have been warned it is a ‘wage cut in all but name’. Health unions, who have been pushing for a realistic rise for some of the lowest-paid frontline staff following their herculean efforts during the pandemic, have reacted with anger at today’s development. UNISON head of health Sara Gorton stressed that staff feel so ‘dispirited’, with many ‘already having one foot out the door’. She said: ‘This tight-fisted proposal falls well short of rising costs and staff hopes. ‘It’s barely half the rate of inflation, which is far from peaking and won’t for many more months. ‘This will go down like a lead balloon with health workers struggling to fill up at the pump, buy groceries and pay bills. It would be a wage cut in all but name. ‘Nurses, healthcare assistants, hospital porters and others have borne a heavy responsibility during the pandemic. ‘Now government expects the NHS team to work miracles with the Covid backlog, despite the growing staffing void. ‘The government’s told private firms struggling to recruit to pay premium wages, but ministers aren’t prepared to do the same for the NHS. ‘Holding down health worker wages won’t stop the inflation spiral, but it would mean floods of NHS. Staff quitting for less stressful, more lucrative jobs. ‘This substandard amount will convince many it’s time to part company with the NHS.’ Inflation is predicted to go up from 5.5% in January to almost 8% in April. Combined with skyrocketing household energy bills and national insurance hikes, it is expected to lead to another significant real-terms pay cut for NHS workers. Hours after the announcement, a number of healthcare campaign groups in the country have already announced protests will take place in the coming weeks. The Royal College of Nursing claim the document proves the government is ‘not serious’ about tackling the nursing workforce crisis, retaining experienced workers or making patient care safer. General secretary Pat Cullen said members will see this as ‘a deliberate attempt to pitch nurses against patients’. He added: ‘Politicians need to move beyond this false choice between paying staff fairly and safer staffing levels – one is key to the other. ‘Failing to pay a fair wage is a false economy: We know that many are thinking of quitting the profession and anything less than what they deserve will not prevent an exodus from a safety-critical profession. ‘The elephant in the room seems to be the spiralling cost of living. By not acknowledging it, they are signalling to staff that their pay will just fall even further behind inflation. ‘The government must show staff they are valued and send a message to the public that patient safety is a top priority. ‘This deeply unambitious starting point for the next pay round will not help the much-needed recovery of services.’ A spokesperson for the government said that no decisions have yet been made, adding that ministers will carefully consider all pay recommendations this summer once the final reports are submitted. They said: ‘We hugely value and appreciate all our NHS staff and there are now record numbers working in the health service. ‘NHS staff received a 3% pay rise last year despite a public sector pay freeze, which increased nurses’ pay by £1,000 on average. We are rightly giving NHS workers another pay rise this year. ‘This needs to be proportionate to pay rises in the wider economy, and take the economic context into account including inflationary pressures.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.