Your Sunday horoscope is here, and it’s got some advice you will definitely want to read. A link between the Moon and Venus is putting a spotlight on relationships, but it’s not necessarily plain sailing. Although you might find yourself drawn to someone, Gemini, try not to get too carried away as your egos may clash. Meanwhile Capricorn, try not to become too obsessed with your new love interest. Ahead, you’ll find your full horoscope for today, February 27, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Some things can take longer than others to show signs of growth, so don’t get too disheartened if nothing appears to be happening. What you’re doing now is laying the foundations for future success, and this is certainly worth spending time on. Don’t be too hard on yourself Aries, and be ready to put your thoughts on other matters today, especially if it involves enjoying yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Things may be ticking along much as usual, but there is a lot going on behind the scenes, Taurus. Enjoy this apparent lull, as you could soon be much busier than you anticipated, and you’ll wish you had more time to yourself. Ready to work hard to attract fresh opportunities? When you are relaxed and open to new developments, they’ll come to you. There’s no need to struggle. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may have much in common with someone, and over the weeks ahead, could find your connection deepening as your interests bring you closer. It might be better that you keep this as a partnership of equals, though. With a strong alignment in an intense zone, letting any ego into the picture can jeopardize this bond, and despite the attraction, it may become unworkable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The Moon’s tie with Venus and Mars puts the emphasis on relationships, and on one that seems to be moving along at a fast pace. Whether this is romantic or platonic, you and another appear to be enjoying each other’s company immensely. This phase still has a little while to run. During this time, you’ll discover more about each other that draws you in and deepens your connection. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Follow your instincts and you won’t go far wrong, even if they take you in a direction that you would not normally go. Today’s lunar ties with Venus and Mars, can be a call to link up with someone who could be very useful to you. You know it, and they know it, but you won’t let this obvious fact get in the way of a conversation that makes it easy for them to give in to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 With Mercury in your lifestyle zone, this is a good day to step back from your daily tasks and consider why you do them. It’s possible that you’re putting a lot of effort into things that you likely don’t need to do. If you give them up, you’ll have a lot more time for activities that can bring you more satisfaction, and a better chance to be more productive when it counts, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may take greater pride than ever in your work, and be delighted to go for jobs that provide you with a challenge and the ability to learn new skills. And as optimistic Jupiter continues in your wellness zone, the appeal of outdoor exercise could find you doing more walking, jogging or cycling, and loving it, Libra. Your interest in work and wellness can do you so much good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You may have given a lot of thought to a goal or plan, and who you might ask to help you accomplish it. Now it’s time to start applying yourself and getting it all together. There can be a tendency to dream big, and enjoy basking in thoughts of the result without doing anything about it. This is not like you at all though, Scorpio. You have the determination to make things happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Have you been more calculating when it comes to making plans, especially financial ones? You may have made some gains, but perhaps feel a tad restless and frustrated that you aren’t getting where you want to be as fast as you might. Perhaps it’s time to look into ideas that are innovative and technology based. Even if they involve a learning curve, they could boost your earnings. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As the Moon aligns with Venus and Mars in your sign, you may become aware of how much you are drawn to something or someone. And this could lead you to take things further. Be aware though Capricorn, that your feelings can become very intense over coming weeks, and you might need to stand back and assess things from a more detached perspective, so as not to get obsessed. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The coming weeks look to be productive and profitable, with a positive influence stirring up your money zone and inspiring you to invest wisely. You may get a small windfall or find a way to enhance your income in a pleasing way. Luck might increase, so if you’re a competition aficionado, you could take advantage of this time to see if you can win anything nice for yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The sky’s the limit, as exuberant Jupiter continues in your sign. Making progress with your personal goals and interests may be easier now, and you’ll feel confident that you can overcome any obstacles. This is also an excellent time for self-improvement, and taking on projects that require you to move out of your comfort zone. You’ll feel you are on a roll, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness