Amanda Bynes’ parents have reportedly said they ‘fully support’ her decision as the actress recently filed to end her nine-year conservatorship. Her mother, Lynn, currently acts as the star’s conservator, after it was first put in place in 2013 following a series of mental health and substance abuse issues. It comes shortly after Britney Spears’ conservatorship was terminated in November in a landmark decision. However, Amanda’s filing isn’t due to Britney Spears, but Amanda putting in the work herself, according to her attorney. He told TMZ Amanda’s move to pull the plug on her conservatorship is years in the making, and began long before the #FreeBritney movement grew vocal last year. He also said Amanda began filing her own legal papers months before Britney successfully ended her own conservatorship, so the timing is purely coincidental. In September last year, a judge ruled to extend it for two years, until 2023. The ruling was made after Lynn Bynes, the actress’s mother, submitted a report about her daughter in July, Us Weekly reported. Speaking to People magazine, Amanda’s lawyer clarified that the conservatorship could terminate whenever Amanda felt it was time, adding that it was never intended to be in place for her entire life and all parties involved hoped it would end. He explained: ‘Her conservatorship is not extended through, March 2023. It is open day to day. A status report regarding her health and welfare was recently filed and approved by the court. ‘By law, the next status report is due in two years. Her conservatorship will terminate when it is no longer convenient for Amanda.’ The former All That star reportedly gained important structure and support in her life through attending AA, while she has been sober for the past three or four years. He explained Amanda and her parents realised she’s made significant progress in coping with her bipolar disorder over the last two years, adding that she has a great, loving relationship with her parents and they’ve been on the same page during the conservatorship and remain that way about ending it. The actress, who rose to fame as a child star, is best known for her roles in films like She’s The Man, Hairspray, and What A Girl Wants, is currently pursuing a fashion degree. MORE : Amanda Bynes files to end conservatorship after nine years MORE : Britney Spears reveals she is buying new house after regaining control of her finances and ‘$15,000,000 book deal’ 