A woman says she was cornered by a group of theatre staff and kicked out for  getting too enthusiastic during the performance. Dot Grant, 52, was with family watching the musical Bat out of Hell and could not resist the urge to tap her thigh and sing along. She said the audience was not told to stay silent through the production at Edinburgh Playhouse. Dot said: ‘During the first half of the show, one of the ushers flashed their torchlight at me, but I didn’t know why. ‘I was tapping my thigh in time to the music and singing under my mask and did not think I was doing anything wrong. ‘I went to speak to the usher not long after this and asked why. Her response was that my actions were a distraction to other audience members and there is no singing.’ Dot told Edinburgh Live that she saw a security worker motioning towards her as the show was reaching it’s crescendo in the second half. She was told she was ‘at a musical theatre show, not a concert’ and then kicked out by eight bouncers. She said: ‘There was about 15 minutes left and a security guard asked me to take my jacket and bag to come and speak to him. ‘I think there were six security people in the aisle, when outside the bottom bar area, another two arrived, so I was surrounded by eight men which made me feel very uncomfortable and uneasy. ‘It was explained to me that people had been complaining about my actions of singing and dancing in my seat, that it was a distraction and off putting for the cast. ‘I had been singing and I waved my hands a few times, but I didn’t think that was wrong, I’ve never been treated like that in any theatre before or since. ‘The final song was being played and I asked if I could stand at the back to listen but was told no and that I was being shown the door to leave the theatre. ‘As I was waiting outside for my family, I had people from the theatre come up to me and stated they were shocked at how I was treated and complained on my behalf.’ A theatre spokesman said: ‘We want everyone to have a great night out, but unless the show has a “Singalong” in the title, or is invited by the performers, audience participation is not encouraged.’ ‘This is partly out of respect for the actors, but is mainly in consideration for the majority who have paid to listen to the performances taking place on stage.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.