A huge chunk of the London Overground is suspended as strong winds batter the capital’s transport network. Transport for London confirmed there is no service between Stratford and Richmond, Stratford and Clapham Junction, Romford and Upminster, and Sydenham and West Croydon due to storm damage. Storm Franklin, the third named storm to hit the UK in a week, is wreaking havoc on rush hour this morning. National Rail has asked people to ‘avoid travel if possible’ as train services are paralysed by high winds. Several rail services are still not back to full working order because of downed trees and other debris blocking lines. A National Rail spokesperson said: ‘Please check before you travel if you plan to use train services today or on Monday. ‘The poor weather conditions may cause flooding, and any trees already weakened by Storm Eunice may fall down. ‘Where conditions worsen, speed restrictions could be put in place to ensure you can travel safely.’ The Met Office has issued a yellow wind warning for most of England, Wales and southwest Scotland until 1pm. Meteorologist Becky Mitchell said this is the first time the national forecaster has recorded three major storms in such quick succession since the naming system was introduced seven years ago. Storm Dudley and Storm Eunice arrived within 48 hours of each other, causing widespread damage to tracks around the country. ‘This is the first time we have had three named storms within a week, and we started the storm naming system in 2015,’ Ms Mitchell said. ‘At the moment we’ve got a really active jet stream, which is why we’re seeing so many storms track right towards the UK.’ Cross Country was among the rail firms directly appealing to customers not to use their tickets this morning. A spokesperson said: ‘We are strongly recommending not to travel today. Storms over the past week will have tested the infrastructure and with Storm Franklin today, we will have severe disruption across our network.’ Southeastern is running a reduced timetable, while East Midlands Railway ‘expected most routes’ to be impacted, with services between Sheffield and Liverpool cancelled altogether. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.