Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy will reportedly hold crunch talks with Antonio Conte today in a bid to convince him to stay at the club. Spurs’ 1-0 defeat to Burnley on Wednesday night saw the frustrated Italian hint he could consider walking away from the job despite only taking charge in November. Conte’s comments have clearly sent alarm bells ringing at the club with The Sun reporting Levy will meet with Conte today to discuss his frustrations. Despite Tottenham’s fourth defeat in five league matches, Levy will try to allay his manager’s fears at the club’s Enfield training HQ today. An impressive 3-2 win away at Manchester City last week has been the only positive for Spurs fans of late with the club currently eighth in the Premier League table, seven points off the top four. Serial winner Conte suggested last night’s performance was the final straw for him as he went on a lengthy rant about the current situation he finds himself in, opening the door to an early exit from north London. Conte said: ‘I don’t want to comment on the game. I wasn’t to comment only on the situation. In the last five games, we lost four times. This is the reality. Not performance, not space no space. ‘The reality is this. That we lost four games of the last five. No one deserves this type of situation – the club, me, the players and fans, but this is the reality.  ‘I came in to try to improve the situation in Tottenham but maybe at this moment, I don’t know, I’m not so good to improve the situation. ‘For me, it’s very frustrating because I know we’re working hard, working a lot and trying to get the best out of every single player. The reality is this. ‘I’m too honest to close my eyes and say: ‘Ok on Saturday we’re going to play another game’. It’s right at the moment to see well, what is the situation well and to make an assessment. ‘Also I repeat, I’m really frustrated and I’m not used to being faced with this type of situation. ‘But the problem, I repeat is, I’m trying to do everything to change the situation but the situation is not changing. ‘Someone has to speak about the race for fourth place, and the reality from the last five games is we have to pay attention to not fight for the relegation zone. ‘This is the truth. this is the reality, and when this type of situation happens, maybe there is something wrong. ‘I don’t want to close my eyes, I want to take my responsibility, if I have the responsibility. I am open, I am open for every decision because I want to help Tottenham. ‘From the first day I arrived here I want to help Tottenham. I repeat: I am too honest to close my eyes and continue in this way, and also take my salary. But it’s not right at this moment. ‘It’s not enough. I repeat, for me it’s very frustrating. Four defeats in the last five games. This is the first time in my life this type of situation has happened. ‘Maybe I’m not so good for…. Maybe I’m not so good. Yes, maybe I’m not so good. ‘I think Tottenham called me to improve the situation but I’m too honest. I’m too honest to close my eyes, you understand, and to continue to say ‘Ok I want to finish the season in this way and ok my salary is good’. ‘But I’m not this type of person. I have ambition, I’m a person who has ambition, I hate to lose and we lost, I repeat, four games in the last five games. And for me, I repeat, this is unacceptable. ‘I won’t accept this. I want to try to improve the situation and also to make assessment with the club because if we continue in this way, maybe we have to pay great attention because this league we can finish 10th, 12th, 13th the same way that when I arrive here in the same position.’ Spurs are next in action against Leeds on Saturday. Next permanent manager odds for Spurs courtesy of Betfair: MORE : ‘Almost resigning’ – Tim Sherwood fears Antonio Conte could quit Tottenham after ‘alarming’ comments MORE : Antonio Conte opens door to Tottenham exit after Burnley defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 