Andy Murray has slammed Alexander Zverev’s conducted after he was booted out of the Mexican Open for smashing the umpire’s chair with his racquet. The shocking incident occurred moments after the German and Brazilian partner Marcelo Melo were beaten 6-2 4-6 10-6 by Britain’s Lloyd Glasspool and Finland’s Harri Heliovaara. The four players shook hands at the net before Zverev turned to the umpire and aggressively hit the chair with his racket three times, almost catching the official’s leg with one swing. As the umpire stood to climb down from his chair, 24-year-old Zverev walked back over and took another swing. Tournament organisers swiftly confirmed that Zverev would play no further part in the Mexican Open, posting on Twitter: ‘Due to unsportsmanlike conduct at the conclusion of his doubles match on Tuesday night, Alexander Zverev has been withdrawn from the tournament in Acapulco.’ Asked to comment on Zverev’s outburst after his own defeat against Jannik Sinner in Dubai, Murray said: ‘I obviously understand lots of players, athletes across lots of sports, can get very frustrated. Certainly me, myself, I’ve not always acted in the way I would want on the tennis court. I’m certainly not claiming to be an angel. I’m not perfect myself. ‘However, when you’re ripping your tennis racket right next to the umpire multiple times, yeah, you can’t be doing that. ‘I know obviously one of the British guys who was playing, as well, a bit dangerous. It’s graphite flying off the racquet, as well. Yeah, it was not good.’ The ATP has yet to announce any sanctions, but its website shows that Zverev’s second-round opponent in the singles, Peter Gojowczyk, has been given a walkover. Apologising on Instagram, Zverev said: ‘It is difficult to put into words how much I regret my behaviour during and after the doubles match yesterday. ‘I have privately apologised to the chair umpire because my outburst towards him was wrong and unacceptable, and I am only disappointed in myself. ‘It just should not have happened and there is no excuse. I would also like to apologise to my fans, the tournament, and the sport I love. ‘As you know, I leave everything on the court. Yesterday, I left too much. I am going to take the coming days to reflect – on my actions and how I can ensure that it will not happen again. I am sorry for letting you down.’ MORE : Alexander Zverev kicked out of Mexican Open after repeatedly hitting umpire’s chair in furious outburst MORE : Emma Raducanu’s stalker is ordered to stay away from her for five years For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 