Losing a child in a crowded place is a traumatic experience. There is instant panic and worry and it can be difficult to think with a clear head in such situations. However, one mum has shared a genius way to try to locate your child in the most crowded of places and it is called the ‘looking loudly’ technique. TikTok user @jesmartini revealed that she had lost her son in a busy supermarket but the technique helped her to locate him quickly. ‘If you’re at an amusement park, zoo, mall, whatever it is, and you look around and your child is no longer with you, what you want to do is start loudly looking for them,’ she explains in a clip. ‘Do not start silently looking for them. ‘You want to look loudly, and what I mean by that is you start shouting their description while you look.’ The technique will enable to get your message across to a large number of bystanders as quickly as possible. ‘It’s going to sound like this: “I’m looking for a boy, age five, short brown hair, brown eyes, Caucasian, red Nike Tee-shirt, black shorts, black shoes,”‘ she explains ‘Now you’ve got every single person who’s around you looking for your child instead of just you, and best case scenario somebody finds your child and they return them to you. ‘The worst case scenario is that someone was walking away with your child, but they’re going to let them go because they don’t want that sort of commotion around.’ Jess notes that you may feel awkward while doing it but says ‘it is so much better to look stupid than to be sorry.’ In addition to this, the mum also had some more tips that will keep your child safe. ‘Dress your kids in bright colours similar to each other,’ she advises. ‘Once I was at a play place and there were three brothers and they were all dressed in neon pink. The only thing I could focus on was those brothers because they stood out so much. ‘Also before you enter the place make sure to get a picture of your child and what they’re wearing and make sure that picture includes their shoes.’ She also adds that parents should put their phone number somewhere on the child, whether that be on their clothes or a special band. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Eight year old cuts her hair for the first time – to donate to a children’s cancer charity MORE : Does this TikTok famous concealer live up to the hype? MORE : Grated egg avocado toast is the latest TikTok food trend that everyone’s talking about