Three former Minneapolis police officers were convicted of violating George Floyd’s civil rights by failing to intervene or provide medical care as their senior officer Derek Chauvin kneeled on the Black man’s neck for over nine minutes. Thomas Lane, 38, J Alexander Kueng, 28, and Tou Thao, 35 were found guilty of using the ‘color of the law’ — or their positions as police officers to deprive Floyd of his civil rights back in May of 2020 when Chauvin pressed his knee into the 46-year-old’s neck while he struggled to breathe. Thao and Kueng were also convicted of violating Floyd’s right to be free of unreasonable seizure by failing to stop Chauvin from applying such deadly force and causing Floyd’s death. Kueng knelt on Floyd’s back, Lane had held his legs and Thao held back bystanders. The video-taped killing sparked protest across the nation and world against racial injustice and police violence. Former officer Chauvin was convicted of murder last year in state court. In December, he pleaded guilty to violating Floyd’s civil rights. He will serve 22 and a half years in prison. The US District Court panel of eight women and four men, all of whom appeared to be white, announced their decision in the federal trial that has gone on for about a month on Thursday afternoon. US District Judge Paul Magnuson, who oversaw the federal trial, ordered Wednesday that the names of the jurors be sealed for at least 10 years. All three men had pleaded not guilty. They each face a maximum sentence of life in prison. Kueng and Lane both said they had deferred to Chauvin during the deadly arrest because at the time, they were new to the police force and Chauvin had been their senior officer at the scene. Thao testified that he relied on the other officers to care for Floyd’s medical needs as his attention was focused on holding back bystanders. During the month-long trial, prosecutors looked to show that the officers disregarded their police training, including when they failed to provide Floyd CPR. Prosecutors said that Floyd’s condition had been so serious that even bystanders without any prior medical training who were watching could tell that something was seriously wrong. In response, the defense argued that the training the ex-cops had gone through was inadequate, and that the Minneapolis Police Department had a culture that teaches officers to defer to their seniors. Lane and Kueng, who were both rookies, had said that Chauvin ‘called all the shots.’ During closing arguments prosecutors told jurors the three former cops ‘chose to do nothing.’ The defense countered that the officers were too inexperienced, were not trained properly and did not willfully violate Floyd’s rights. Lane is white, Kueng is Black and Thao is Hmong-American. All three men also face a separate state trial in June on charges alleging they aided and abetted murder and manslaughter. This is a breaking news story, check back for updates…