The Queen is alive – contrary to what a popular gossip blog in the US claimed yesterday. Hollywood Unlocked sent shockwaves across the internet with an ‘exclusive’ story that said the Queen is dead. The idea that this website, of all publications, would persuade a palace insider to exclusively reveal such a monumental story should already raise a few eyebrows. Since going viral the story has been widely debunked online, but Hollywood Unlocked founder Jason Lee is standing by it. He tweeted: ‘We don’t post lies and I always stand by my sources. Waiting for an official statement from the palace.’ Some people may have taken it at face value, but others were quick to rip the article to shreds over its questionable wording. Firstly, it cites sources close to the ‘Royal Kingdom’ – which we’d expect someone with such great connections in Buckingham Palace to know isn’t a thing. It then says the Queen was ‘scheduled to attend the wedding of British Vogue editor Edward Enninful, but was found dead’. With no disrespect to Mr Enniful, anyone living in Britain could tell you the Queen was not due to attend his wedding. And the idea that the Queen would be mysteriously ‘found dead’, only for a palace guard to get onto the phone to Hollywood Unlocked, sounds just a tad unlikely. Since last night’s story did the rounds, it’s been ridiculed on social media, with the memes coming in thick and fast. It’s not impossible that the 95-year-old monarch’s death would be leaked to the press before the palace made an official announcement. But there is quite a strict protocol for when that day does come – codenamed Operation London Bridge. In the hours following her death, a ‘call cascade’ will take place informing the Prime Minister, the Cabinet Secretary and the most senior civil servants and officials. Cabinet members will be told ‘discretion is required’. The Royal household will then release an ‘official notification’ informing the public of the news. For years, the BBC was the first outlet to be told of royal deaths, but now the newsflash would go to the Press Association news agency and be shared with the rest of the world’s media in one go. When Metro.co.uk approached the Palace they said they would not entertain commenting on such a story. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   