Child killer Jon Venables is expected to launch a new bid to be released from prison, it has been reported. Now 39, he and his friend Robert Thompson were 10 when they abducted, tortured, and murdered two-year-old James Bulger in Liverpool in February 1993 in a crime which shocked the nation. They served eight years of a life sentence before being freed on licence with new identities in 2001. Venables was then sent back to prison, first in 2010 and again in 2017 after being given another new identity, for possessing indecent images of children. Officials are said to have already begun compiling expert reports to be submitted to the Parole Board, with a file potentially being handed in as soon as April. That will trigger a formal ‘referral’ process lasting up to another six months in which the Board will decide on whether to hold a full oral hearing or assess the case based on the paperwork. A source told The Sun: ‘Venables spent three years in prison after his first recall before being freed. This time around he’s already done four years. ‘If he’s complied with prison treatment programmes and continued to make progress, then he stands a strong chance of release. ‘And if the Parole Board rules he’s safe to go free, then only the Justice Secretary can prevent it.’ The newspaper reports that Venables will get a copy of his Parole Board dossier and be offered the chance to appear before the panel to argue in person for his freedom. But any full hearing will likely be cloaked in secrecy to safeguard his new identity. Venables’ case last went before the Parole Board in September 2020, with reports at the time noting it would be another two years before he became eligible for another review. Papers detailing the reasons why he was denied parole at that time set out risk factors ‘identified at the time of his offending’, which included ‘his sexual interests and an attraction to sexual violence’. Venables was jailed for three years and four months in 2018 after admitting surfing the dark web for extreme child abuse images and possessing a ‘sickening’ paedophile manual. Sentencing him at the Old Bailey, Mr Justice Edis said the images were ‘vile’ and ‘heartbreaking’, adding that many showed abuse of young boys like James. Speaking ahead of Venables’ previous parole hearing in 2019, James’ father Ralph Bulger said he had warned against his release when he was last freed in 2013. He said of the murderer: ‘He is a dangerous, predatory child abuser and killer, and I am terrified he will strike again and harm another child like my James. ‘He has proven he will never be rehabilitated and will always remain a danger to children. ‘I don’t believe he will stop until he has killed again. The parole board have the power to prevent him having the chance to harm young children again.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.