A Russian cargo ship bound for St. Petersburg has been intercepted in the English Channel. The 416ft commercial boat is understood to belong to one of the 100 Russian companies which were hit with crippling EU sanctions this week following Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. France confirmed on Saturday morning that sea police had seized the vessel, which was transporting cars from Rouen in the Normandy region to Russia’s St Petersburg. Captain Veronique Magnin of the French Maritime Prefecture said the ship is ‘strongly suspected of being linked to Russian interests targeted by the sanctions’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live A French official told the BBC: ‘A 127 meters long Russia cargo ship called the ‘Baltic Leader’ transporting cars has been intercepted overnight by the French Navy in the Channel and escorted to the Port of Boulogne-Sur-Mer in Northern France. ‘It has been taken to the French port after a request by the French government because it is suspected of belonging to a company targeted by EU sanctions against Moscow.’ The official added that crew aboard the ‘Baltic Leader’ have been cooperating with French authorities. The Russian embassy in France is now ‘seeking explanations’, Russia’s RIA news agency quoted the embassy as saying on Saturday. Russia has been hit by a barrage of economic punishments after invading its southern neighbour three days ago. Western nations have ordered personal sanctions on  President Vladimir Putin and his Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov, meaning their assets will be frozen in those countries. It comes on top of previously announced sanctions against a number of Russian banks and billionaires. However, it is unclear what practical impact the measures will have. Ukraine has called for international powers to go further by excluding Russia from Swift, the world’s international banking system. The UK has said it is in favour of the move but it is ‘not a unilateral decision’ and other powers must come on board. Some leaders have expressed reluctance because of the impact this will have on companies that supply goods to and buy from Russia, particularly Germany. However, pressure is piling on Berlin to back the action after Britain, France, Italy, Canada and the United States pressed the case as part of their package of sanctions. The move would deal a huge blow to Russian trade by making it more difficult for its companies to do business around the world, as Swift underpins most international transactions. Ukraine’s Foreign Minister is also calling on the world to stop purchasing Russian crude oil. Dmytro Kuleba  tweeted: ‘I demand the world: fully isolate Russia, expel ambassadors, oil embargo, ruin its economy. Stop Russian war criminals!’ So far Western sanctions have avoided targeting Russia’s energy sector. But further punitive measures are expected as Russian troops press towards Ukraine’s capital following a night of explosions and street fighting that sent Kyiv residents seeking shelter underground. Ukraine is clinging to independence in the face of a broad Russian assault aiming to topple the democratically-elected government. President Volodymyr Zelensky offered renewed assurance on Saturday that the country’s military would stand up to Moscow, telling residents in a video recorded in a central Kyiv street that he will remain in the city. ‘We aren’t going to lay down weapons. We will protect the country,’ he said. ‘Our weapon is our truth, and our truth is that it’s our land, our country, our children. And we will defend all of that.’ The defiant leader has refused a US offer to help him escape, despite being hunted down by Putin who has called on the Ukrainian military to overthrow him. He said he needed ‘ammunition, not a ride’, according to an American intelligence official. The US believes Putin is determined to overthrow Ukraine’s government and replace it with a regime of his own. Some suspect he is seeking to re-draw the world map and revive Russia’s Cold War-era influence by invading Ukraine, fuelling fears of a wider war in Europe. Mr Zelensky said Moscow’s plan to quickly seize the capital and install a puppet government had been unsuccessful. In an emotional speech, he accused Russian forces of hitting civilian areas and infrastructure. Hundreds of casualties have been reported in the fighting, which included shelling that sliced through a Kyiv apartment building and pummelled bridges and schools. UN officials said more than 120,000 Ukrainians have left the country for Poland, Moldova and other neighbouring nations. The UN estimates that up to four million could flee if the fighting escalates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below