Sean Penn is continuing work on his documentary in Ukraine, holding a meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy. The president shared a silent video of the pair sat down together and talking, with a caption reading: ‘The more people know about the war in Ukraine, the more chances there are to stop Russia.’ The meeting comes after Sean was pictured attending a press briefing at the Presidential Office in Kyiv. The director has been filming a documentary about Russian aggression in the country and was last seen there in November 2021. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Amid the invasion, he has now returned and was pictured in the front row of the briefing among reporters, wearing sunglasses as he listened intently. The Ukrainian government has expressed its gratitude for the project. A translated statement provided to Newsweek read: ‘Sean Penn demonstrates the courage that many others, especially Western politicians lack. ‘The more such people in our country now, true friends of Ukraine, who support the struggle for freedom, the sooner it will be possible to stop Russia’s treacherous attack.’ Sean, 61, previously met with Ukrainian military service personnel for his new VICE documentary. The actor and producer visited positions near the front line with Russian-backed separatists in the Donetsk area. It is reported that Milk actor’s documentary will explore how the Donbas region has been impacted by the battles with pro-Moscow rebels. The actor made the visit to the settlement of Priazov. In images shared by the Ukrainian Joint Forces Operation Press Service, the I Am Sam actor was seen wearing a helmet and surrounded by military protection. A fierce battle for the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv is underway, with Russia claiming it has cut the city off from its allies. Kyiv’s mayor, former heavyweight boxing world champion Vitali Klitschko, said the city is now ‘entering a phase of defence’. Air raid alarms have also sounded in a number of areas in the city, with citizens told to make their way to nearby shelters as armoured vehicles rolled through the streets. President Zelensky, who plans to remain in Kyiv despite being Putin’s ‘number one target’, repeated his calls for global leaders to toughen their sanctions against the Kremlin and its cronies. Speaking to a video meeting with EU leaders from what appeared to be a bunker, he said: ‘If you don’t help us now, if you fail to offer a powerful assistance to Ukraine, tomorrow the war will knock on your door.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sean Penn attends presidential press briefing in Kyiv as he returns to Ukraine amid Russian invasion for documentary MORE : Sean Penn almost unrecognisable for Watergate drama Gaslit with Julia Roberts 