Christian Eriksen made his return to the football pitch on Saturday in Brentford’s defeat to Newcastle, 257 days after suffering a cardiac arrest, and said: ‘If you take away the result. I’m one happy man.’ The 30-year-old is back in action after the terrifying experience while playing for Denmark at Euro 2020, coming on after 52 minutes at the Brentford Community Stadium. The Bees fell to a 2-0 defeat, but it was still a momentous occasion for the Dane who thought his career may have been over due to his heart issue. The defeat was disappointing, but Eriksen was thrilled to return and has thanked Brentford and their manager Thomas Frank for the help on his journey back to the Premier League. ‘If you take away the result, I’m one happy man. To go through what I’ve been through, being back is a wonderful feeling,’ Eriksen told Sky Sports. ‘Thomas didn’t say much [when I came on]. I’ve been speaking to him every day for the last few weeks. He just said good luck and enjoy the game. ‘You can never predict the game. I don’t think anyone predicted we’d be down to 10 men so early. The guys did what they could. It was a good fight in the end. ‘It’s been very special since day one. [Brentford] have taken good care of me. Everyone’s been really happy about it and everyone’s been really helpful. ‘Everyone is here. My family, my parents, my kids, my mother in law and some doctors who have been helping me back and forth. What they’ve been through is even tougher than what I’ve been through. ‘I think everyone knows every game is very important. I think everyone’s very focused on staying up. Nobody’s naive, but everyone’s focused on their job. The confidence is definitely there to stay up.’ Frank added: ‘It was a wonderful moment. That’s definitely the thing that’ll keep me smiling at the end. It was good to see him out there and it was good to see him show glimpses of what he is capable of.’ MORE : Christian Eriksen given standing ovation as he returns to top-flight football in Brentford vs Newcastle MORE : Arsenal boss Mikel Arteta says Christian Eriksen’s return is ‘great news for football’ ahead of possible Brentford debut For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 