Eczema effects one out of 10 adults and one in five children in the UK – but representations of the skin condition, and how it typically presents, are very limited. For Black people with eczema, the condition doesn’t cause the classic redness that you associate with the condition, and a lack of awareness about this can cause isolation and a kind of stigma for those with different experiences. ‘Widespread pigmentation completely affected my entire complexion – I experienced extreme darkening of my skin,’ Aramidé Onashoga tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I don’t think I’ve ever been more aware of colourism since the change in my complexion.’ Aramidé, who is 31 and from London, started to have skin reactions at just three weeks old. Her mum discovered that she was actually allergic to cow’s milk. In 2018, her skin started to flare up and her eczema was the worst it had ever been. She was prescribed steroid medication, which may have helped short-term but had huge negative effects in the long-term. Over the years, Aramidé has faced rude and offensive comments about her skin – including being told that she is ‘too dark’ thanks to the discolouration. ‘You feel like you are always fighting for yourself and justifying yourself,’ she says. ‘I’m this dark because I have a skin condition. But so what if I didn’t have a skin condition – what is wrong with being dark? ‘I am various shades of black and brown. I change colour because I have been battling a long-term condition and hyperpigmentation.’ ‘I have come to realise eczema is something that can be managed quite well,’ she says. ‘However, topical steroid withdrawal (TSW) has a wider impact. It has taken me years to recover from steroids.’ Aramidé found herself suffering from repetitive infections, slow wound healing, and swelling. ‘Throughout the worst of TSW, I wished for my childhood eczema,’ she says. ‘Steroid withdrawal has had a massive impact on my life. I was bed-bound, isolated, I had to leave my job due to a lack of long-term support. ‘Now that I have recovered, I am trying to make up for the things I lost out on during that time. My confidence, finances, and general ability to plan and look ahead long term. ‘Gladskin was a product I used when my skin was very prone to infection. I believe it helped to restore my skins pH, and helped to alleviate my eczema symptoms.’ Aramidé wants to spread awareness about this condition because she says there is not enough understanding about how eczema can impact those with darker skin. ‘There is a lot of shame around skin in the Black community and in other communities of colour,’ she says. ‘I believe this is due to how dryness presents in skin of colour. Anything beyond dry skin is then amplified because of how it looks. ‘Skin conditions can present with darkness in skin of people of colour. A lot of people hide their condition because of this impact. They hide away because of the shame and deal with it in private. ‘My entire complexion changed and the experience showed me colourism is a real thing. ‘As my complexion has healed, there are times I have found myself longing for my face to be the same shade as the rest of my body. However, I have learnt to embrace the change every step of the way. I hope other black women can be inspired by my multi-coloured complexion, this in itself may challenge racism and colourism.’ Aramidé says it is this difference in how eczema can present on dark skin that leads to a lack of understanding. ‘In the most respectful way, white people can’t see what is wrong with your skin – the perception is you must see redness for there to be a problem,’ she says. But the reality is that eczema affects all skin colours and does not distinguish between them. ‘Dark and light skin tones are equally affected by inflammatory symptoms like redness (erythema), itching, swelling (edema), dryness and thickening (lichenification) of the skin,’ explains Dr Bjorn Herpers, clinical microbiologist. ‘The underlying causes of inflammation are the same as well. Regardless of skin colour, eczema is characterised by a barrier defect in the skin, making it more sensitive to triggers that set off an inflammatory response. ‘On darker skin, the redness is less visible than on lighter skin and patches of eczema may be more difficult to recognise or diagnose.’ Dr Herpers says Eczema can be suspected if the skin is lightly pigmented, raised, scaled, burning or itchy. ‘In adequate lighting, the erythema can be recognised,’ he adds. ‘In all skin tones, eczema may cause a discoloration of the skin. Inflammation and scratching stimulate the skin to produce pigment and may cause thickening of the skin, that often appears hyperpigmented especially on dark skin. ‘Sometimes the skin becomes lighter due to depigmentation, which is more visible on darker skin tones. In severe cases, parts of the skin can lose all pigment, appearing as white vitiligo spots.’ Not only is Aramidé’s eczema painful, but it has a detrimental effect on her day-to-day life, she is always anxious about when the next flare-up may be. ‘I constantly think of my skin, how to avoid flare-ups but at the same time making sure I live the best life that is conducive to my skin’s wellbeing. It can be draining. It is a constant consideration. ‘I try to focus on gratitude, as my skin is for function and despite its short comings it’s fighting to keep me alive. Growing up, my eczema impacted my life and I would cover up and hide behind a hat – especially when my face was flared. Eczema impacted my confidence and I just felt different to others. At times I feel like trying to be “normal” has delayed my life in a way.’ Although eczema is so common, treatment and knowledge about the condition is still very limited. Recent research has shown that eczema has a huge emotional impact, and people are spending hundreds every year trying to find a solution. Scientific skincare brand Gladskin found this money was spent on around 14 different products to alleviate feelings of frustration and embarrassment over the appearance of skin. They also found over a quarter have missed social events, and people miss up to 12 days of work due to flare-ups, which can happen at least 12 times a year. Aramidé says: ‘I definitely feel people feel more entitled to question or make whatever comments they fancy when you look different. ‘People assume you just need to cream your skin, when in reality the effects are far wider than just dry skin. I’ve learnt to focus on what I believe to be true which has made it easier to overcome other people’s ignorance.’ Although Aramidé has been through many ups and downs with her eczema, she is now an advocate for spreading awareness by sharing her own skin healing story. She hopes to inspire others to have the strength and confident to overcome. ‘Skin is for function,’ she says. ‘I love my skin and I believe in my beauty no matter what my skin condition.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : New maternity care taskforce set up as black women 40% more likely to miscarry MORE : Half of Black women in senior management have resigned ‘due to racism at work’ MORE : Black promoters ‘being shut out of some of London’s biggest clubs’