Dawn French has revealed her next plans for her hair after she ditched her signature brunette bob for a natural grey look after growing fed up with its high maintenance upkeep. The 64-year-old comedian said she made the dramatic decision during the lockdown when she was forced to dye her hair herself. ‘I just couldn’t be bothered to keep doing it, so I let my natural grey come through,’ she told Good Housekeeping magazine. ‘I also cut some of it myself – to my hairdresser’s alarm! It’s much shorter than I’m used to now and I do have certain “grrr” moments when I’m going out and I don’t know how to style it.’ But while the French and Saunders star is currently sporting a short crop, she is curious to see what her trademark bob will look like grey. ‘I would literally give my old hair 13 minutes of my time each day but the plan is to grow it again like my old hairstyle,’ she explained. ‘I’m curious to see what the bob might look like with a good strong grey.’ Dawn also spoke of returning to live comedy with her infamous one-woman show. ‘Well, the title is a little controversial. It’s called Dawn French Is A Huge Tw*t,’ said The Vicar Of Dibley actress. ‘I don’t know if that’s even printable, but I wanted to call it that because it’s true. ‘It’s an evening of me telling stories of times when I’ve been a bit of an idiot, where I’ve misunderstood or misheard something, or got something hideously wrong during my career. ‘I’ll show people all these moments – when I’ve sent emails to people who really shouldn’t have seen them, for example – and how they played out in real life.’ When asked what she considers to be the greatest change in women’s lives in the last century, she said contraception, as it has given women ‘freedom and control.’ Dawn, who is also known for championing women’s rights, also stated that as far as women have come, there’s still a lack of respect that needs to be addressed. ‘There would be equal pay if women had respect, and you would be believed about abuse,’ she said. ‘Women deserve respect for so many reasons because we are mighty. We’re starting to be heard more – and that needs to continue.’ Dawn recently broke fans’ hearts by saying that she doesn’t think her iconic series French and Saunders with comedy partner Jennifer Saunders will be making a comeback. Talking about the pressure from everyone to bring back the beloved sketch show, she told Graham Norton: ‘There are no plans at the moment, but we are doing something for Comic Relief this year. ‘I think the time for the sketch show is over, but Jen and I are like kids when we get together and have lots of fun thinking about it – the likes of Line of Duty, Killing Eve and The Crown are just begging for it!’ The April issue of Good Housekeeping is on sale now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price claps back after Lorraine Kelly warns her to quit cosmetic surgery: ‘You sound like my mother!’ MORE : Molly-Mae Hague insists she can’t ‘keep everyone happy’ after controversial success comments 