They say to go big or go home, but have you ever thought about going mini? As we return to the life we knew pre-2020, fashion is getting brighter and shorter. Yes, it’s time to get those pins ready because the micro mini is trending. In recent weeks, Miu Miu’s chino micro mini has been seen everywhere and on everyone from Nicole Kidman to mega influencer Chiarra Ferragni. It’s a status symbol of 2022. We are collectively ready to let go and have some fun, and the micro mini is a reflection of this need. However, it can induce fear in many. Some believe you have to have a certain body type or be a certain age to pull it off but this isn’t true. The key is to let all insecurities at the door. Anyone can wear a mini skirt, it’s just about the attitude you carry it with and how you choose to style it. If you fear going all out mini, choose one with a high waist and a lower hemline. This is a great way to try the trend without the full commitment. To balance the proportions, try an oversized top half. Go for heavy knits and spacious shirts to give the mini skirt an ease of wear. And if all else fails, put on those trusty 40 denier tights and take on the world. Here are 10 of the best micro mini skirt options to buy now. Get it for £26.99 at ASOS. Get it for £27.99 at Pull & Pear Get it for £106.73 at Net A Porter Get it for £146 at Revolve Get it for £28 at ASOS. Get it for £23 at Urban Outfitters Get it for £22.99 at Zara Get it for £17.99 at Pull & Bear. Get it for approx £140 at With Jean This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best blazers to invest in for spring MORE : Where to shop or rent pre-owned Louis Vuitton as prices soar MORE : ‘Wordle green’ fashion buys to show your love of 2022’s hit game