Kieran Tierney hinted Arsenal used the criticism they received following their recent win at Molineux as motivation during a rousing comeback victory over Wolves last night. The Gunners looked set to lose ground in the increasingly competitive race for fourth place when they trailed with eight minutes remaining to Hee-Chan Hwang’s early goal. Substitute Nicolas Pepe appeared to have earned a valuable point when he latched onto Eddie Nketiah’s cutback, spun and fired his shot past Jose Sa from close range, but the best was yet to come when, deep into added time, the Wolves goalkeeper inadvertently diverted the ball into his own net from Alexandre Lacazette’s scuffed effort.  That own goal helped Arsenal complete a quickfire double over one of their main rivals for a Champions League qualifying spot after they dug out a 1-0 victory with 10-men a fortnight ago. Neves was particularly critical of what he felt, at the time, were over the top celebrations and Tierney revealed he and his teammates were well aware of the Portugal international’s complaints. He told Arsenal’s official website: ‘Yeah, we would have been for sure. Obviously everyone knows the comments that were made. ‘So we knew they were going to come out and try to beat us, and get their revenge. But we stood up to that challenge. ‘They had a good start and got the goal they needed and wanted. But after that we controlled most of the game.’ On the significance of the win, Tierney, who was forced off during the closing stages with an injury, added: ‘It’s a massive win, massive three points. Coming from behind isn’t easy in this league, especially against a team like Wolves. ‘So we showed character tonight, we showed mentality, and I think we got what we deserved in the end. ‘We never gave up for one second. As I say, a few of us believed we were going to get that goal, most of us believed. I think when you’ve got the belief anything can happen. That showed tonight.’ MORE : Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang sends message to Alexandre Lacazette after Arsenal’s late win vs Wolves MORE : Ian Wright says Alexandre Lacazette is dropping too deep in Arsenal’s attack For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 