Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly’s fierce drag performance on Saturday Night Takeaway has been hit with Ofcom complaints. And we can’t believe this is the world we’re still living in… The Geordie presenters teamed up with the winners of RuPaul’s Drag Race UK to perform their new charity song on Saturday night, much to the delight of many viewers up and down the country. However, television watchdog Ofcom has reported that 59 people took issue with the scenes at hand. The complaints come after a small number of viewers took to social media to voice their criticism, with one writing: ‘Not sure if that was appropriate family entertainment on a Saturday night. ‘RuPaul and gang usually kept on a lesser viewed channel where it belongs. Sad to say I won’t be watching @antanddec anytime soon.’ Another penned: ‘This is totally inappropriate for a family entertainment show #SaturdayNightTakeaway.’ Ant and Dec transformed into their drag alter egos Lady Antoinette and Miss Donna Lee for the End Of The Show Show and performed alongside The Vivienne, Lawrence Chaney and Krystal Versace. Making their grand entrance, the hosts were embellished with fake boobs, heels and heavy make-up for the performance. Red-head Ant was dressed in a black sparkly outfit while blond-haired Dec stepped out in a blue feather dress and red lipstick. The dance-pop song We Werk Together was written by Ian Masterson, the music producer of Strictly Come Dancing, and proceeds from the single will be donated to the Trussell Trust. It includes the lyrics ‘don’t be bitter just be better’ and ‘everyone with their own story we stand together, we work together’. Ant and Dec’s drag performance wasn’t the only complained about moment from the episode though, with the hosts’ prank on Jeremy Clarkson also irking viewers. The Grand Tour presenter was well and truly had by the duo, which saw them organise a fake protest and ‘arrest’ Jeremy on the site of his Diddly Squat Farm. Ant & Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway airs Saturdays at 7pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 