Lewis Hamilton wants the findings of the FIA’s investigation into the controversial running of the 2021 season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix to be publicly released. The motorsport governing body announced a raft of changes to its race control setup last week, with Michael Masi — the race director whose unprecedented interpretation of the safety car rules rendered race leader Hamilton a sitting duck at Yas Marina and essentially gifted the title to Red Bull’s Max Verstappen — removed from his role and replaced by an overhauled system. Eduardo Freitas and Niels Wittich are being drafted into F1 from their respective roles as race director for the World Endurance Championship and DTM series and will occupy the position on an alternating basis, while a new Var-style virtual race control hub is being created to support them. F1 stalwart Herbie Blash is also returning to assist both men. The changes were announced by FIA president Mohammed Ben Sulayem, who replaced the retiring Jean Todt in December, and will be ratified at a meeting of the World Motorsport Council in Bahrain in March. Now Hamilton says he wants the reasoning behind those decisions made public so the issues can be understood and moved on from. ‘I’m excited to see the results from that report,’ Hamilton explained to reporters after the launch of Mercedes’ new W13 car. ‘I think hopefully everyone will get to see it, and to have perhaps a better understanding of everything. ‘I think ultimately, like everything, it’s down to understanding where we’ve been, so we can move forwards in a positive light.’ Hamilton also discussed the Yas Marina race itself, and revealed that he has tried to distance his mind from events as much as possible. ‘I absolutely did not watch the race [back afterwards],’ Hamilton added. ‘It was something that was very clear in my mind, the experience and of course, it replayed in my mind quite a lot in the coming weeks after the race. ‘I don’t remember what I said to Max, it was all a bit of a blur after that. I have not revisited it. I don’t particularly want to look backwards; I want to go forwards.’ The W13 will be driven by Hamilton and team-mate George Russell in three days of testing at the Circuit de Catalunya in Barcelona, beginning tomorrow. Lewis Hamilton and George Russell will be treated equally at Mercedes, Toto Wolff insists Lewis Hamilton had F1 title ‘completely taken away’ by decision F1 agrees was ‘incorrect’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 