A would-be teenage crime boss who stabbed an innocent man through the heart with a ‘Rambo-style’ knife has been jailed for life. Noel Reade, 17, must serve a minimum of 19 years for the deadly attack on Keagan Crimes, 27, who was ‘in the wrong place at the wrong time’. Then aged 16 and looking to start a drugs empire, Reade, pulled the blade as he confronted a group of men trying to leave a convenience store. The teenage crime boss, nicknamed ‘the devil’, was in a group of four others who were looking for two men they suspected of trying to ‘muscle in’ on his racket. His targets were spotted inside the Premier Store in Winsford, Cheshire, and desperately tried to hold the front door shut as Reade set upon them. He was seen kicking at it while another member of his gang smashed the glass with a hammer during the assault on October 11, 2020. The two men escaped via the stock room door, but the attackers re-grouped outside and confronted a group of the two men’s friends – including Mr Crimes. Reade’s gang fled, but he stayed on and brandished his knife towards the group, leading to a fight which cost Mr Crimes his life. Jason McQuoid, 36, attempted to use a tree branch to swipe out at Reade but  was stabbed in the left shoulder and chest. A third man was also knifed as he tried to intervene. Mr Crimes, a former army cadet, later died in hospital after losing 33 pints of blood. Later, Reade, who was traced by DNA at the scene, filtered a selfie to give himself devil horns and posted a sarcastic ‘RIP Keagan’ on Facebook. He also Googled ‘does blood wash off shoes’, ‘Rambo III knives’ and ‘guns’, Chester Crown Court heard. The knife has never been recovered. Reade, from Crewe, who had been convicted of murder, blew kisses to friends as he was sentenced. Judge Stephen Everett told him: ‘You are one of the most dangerous 17-year-olds I’ve ever come across in my 40 years as a solicitor, barrister and judge. ‘Even at a young age you are a vicious thug who wants to lead others and use violence. ‘You were clearly setting yourself up to be a ringleader, nothing more or less, in the drugs supply in Winsford. ‘You wanted to be the boss and for you severe violence had become a normal way of life. Everybody else came a very poor second. ‘You’re a young thug and that is evidenced by the destruction you have caused over the last few years. ‘I don’t want to hear any more about you being a little boy lost, because you are definitely not.’ Reporting restrictions initially meant the teenager could not be identified in the press until he turned 18 in June. But after a successful challenge in the court, the judge agreed it would be in the public interest to name him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.