If you’ve been struggling to focus or get things done recently, help might be at hand thanks to a century old productivity technique called the Ivy Lee method. Developed in 1918, by an American businessman called Ivy Lee, it is a simple and accessible way to upgrade your to-do list by prioritising and removing distractions. So, how do you do it? Simple. But does it actually work? And what are the benefits of using the technique? I’ve been using the Ivy Lee method for the last year, and it’s helped me be realistic about my workload, stay on track and reduce multitasking. Because you plan your day in one go and usually the day before, it helps reduce decision fatigue, where we get exhausted from making choices. Catri Barrett, a certified life coach who specialises in perfectionism and procrastination, says this can be useful: ‘We are bombarded with information and options, which can feel overwhelming. ‘Getting started with tasks can be the hardest part which is where the Ivy Lee method can be very helpful. ‘You’re removing the decision-making process which can eat up so much of your morning.’ In practice, this decision-making process can be the hardest part. I find thinking about what I really need to do a challenge, however, once that’s done, I usually feel a sense of control and that doing the work is easier. ‘It’s almost like there are two types of work – the planning and the doing,’ says Jess Salamanca, a business coach. ‘This technique assumes people know how to prioritise their time, what the six activities are and what order they should be in. ‘It can help productivity, but you might be wasting your time if you’re not doing the right things, so it’s important to consider how to plan too.’ In an age of distraction and information overload, the Ivy Lee method can help you focus on one thing at a time. ‘Multitasking is a myth,’ says Catri. ‘Just like a computer, too many tabs open in your mind will ultimately slow you down. ‘Techniques like this are helpful because they enable you to prioritise one task at a time, which is a more productive approach when you have a human mind.’ It can also help you get into a deep work state. Jess says: ‘It takes 10 minutes for your brain to switch from one task to another, so if you’re constantly doing that, you’re never going to get anything done to a high quality. ‘The key to work happiness is being able to find a sense of flow and doing deep work. Ivy Lee gives you a framework to get into that state.’ It’s really pleasing when you get to tick off a task and move on to the next. ‘This method is essentially gamification, where you write six tasks, and then cross them out. Every time you cross one out, you think, I can do another one. It’s motivating,’ Jess says. Using the Ivy Lee method is also a lesson in being realistic about what you can do in a day. I used to write endless tasks on a to-do list and then feel bad when, unsurprisingly, I didn’t do them. Because you can only list six tasks and have an incentive to get through them, Ivy Lee encourages you to be specific about what you can do in the time available. While moving through your list can feel good, it’s important not to focus too much attention on what you get done or attaching your self-worth to your output. ‘Sometimes you’re not going to make the most out of every day and be super productive and that’s okay,’ says Catri. ‘Don’t fall into the trap of perfectionism and feeling like a failure if you don’t complete everything on your list.’ The Ivy Lee method can be incredibly useful, but it was created over 100 years ago, so might need a bit of modernising and flexibility to make it even more suitable for today. Jess says: ‘It was developed when life was very different, by a wealthy man who had autonomy over his time. It assumes you own your time and can do exactly what you want with it. ‘It’s a great method, but it doesn’t consider the requirements of modern life, like meetings, emails, notifications and childcare. ‘Accept you live in a world of distractions and adapt it as you need to.’ You could list responding to emails as one of your tasks or put in time to be reactive if things come up. You can also reduce the starting number of tasks if you are working shorter days or add things like the school run or other commitments to your list. It’s a bit like Ivy Lee 2.0, where you use the framework but in a way that works for you. In short: Ivy Lee is a simple method that might help you get more done and feel more in control. Not all productivity hacks suit everyone, but this could be one to add to your ‘to-try’ list. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Talking to strangers: How to start a conversation and make new friends MORE : How doing YearCompass could change your life MORE : Want to be more productive? Ditch time management and try energy management instead