The cast of the massively anticipated new DC film The Batman have landed in London for an all-star red carpet. Robert Pattinson, Zoe Kravitz, Paul Dano, Jeffrey Wright, Andy Serkis and more graced the carpet at Waterloo’s BFI on Wednesday night as the capital prepared for the launch of Robert’s first outing as the masked crusader. At almost three hours long, The Batman is the longest-running of the franchise yet, but the stars looked more than ready to settle in for the main event. Batman and Catwoman themselves – aka Robert and Zoe – were in visibly high spirits as they posed for photos at the BFI, with one snap showing the pair in peals of laughter. Zoe is seen holding on to a beaming Robert for balance as she laughs, both holding microphones after speaking briefly at the event. The pair, who have been friends for over a decade, are set to explore Batman and Catwoman’s complex relationship in the new film, which will hit cinemas next month. The film’s protagonist Rob was dressed in an oversized grey suit, with a black polo neck and black shoes, his hair in his trademark heavy-on-top style, complete with a messy, sweeping fringe. Many photographs of the 35-year-old saw him smiling easily or joking with his co-stars. However, at one point the actor hit the camera with what we can only describe as his best Blue Steel, a look reminiscent of a certain brooding vampire (sorry Rob). He also stood for a number of snaps in front of The Batman’s imposing sign on the carpet, ahead of watching himself on the big csreen. Zoe, meanwhile, looked drop-dead-gorgeous as she rocked up to the premiere in a sleek, figure-hugging, plunging black dress touching the floor. The sleeveless nature of the outfit offered a close look at Zoe’s myriad tattoos, which include petite symbols, arrows and an eagle. Posing confidently before the cameras, the 33-year-old finished her look with pearl earrings and unique undercut hairstyle. The event featured appearances by The Batman’s smaller but integral characters: Jeffrey, who plays Commissioner Gordon, was dressed in a well-cut, all-black suit with a black t-shirt underneath. He was seen grinning as he greeted crowds and cameras at the premiere, and was photographed standing before a massive sign bearing the film’s name. And esteemed English actor Andy arrived at the red carpet surrounded by his proud family. Andy – who plays Bruce Wayne’s loyal butler Alfred Pennyworthin the film – wrapped his arms around wife Lorraine Ashbourne and son Louis as all three stopped for photos. The actor followed his co-stars in wearing dark colours – aside from a flash of tartan – as he dressed in a black coat, polo neck and trousers. His wife and son opted for far more colour, with Lorraine in a frilled lime-green number and Louis in a smart blue suit, white shirt and maroon tie. The franchise’s iconic villain also joined the heroes at the event, with Paul – who plays The Riddler – looking far less sinister as he arrived wearing a button-down shirt and dark suit. He struck a confident pose as he smiled easily to cameras, a close-up of the actor giving a closer look at the unique pattern on his suit. The Batman has been long-awaited, and fans were recently treated to another look at the upcoming blockbuster with the release of ‘The Bat and The Cat’ trailer, which teased the relationship between the younger caped crusader and Catwoman. Director Matt Reeves looks to be presenting an edgier, goth-inspired Batman, and Rob’s co-star Zoe has already teased his ‘out of this world transformation.’ Speaking to Variety, she said: ‘Rob is perfect for this role. He was incredible. His transformation was out of this world.’ The Batman hits cinemas on March 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Batman’s Robert Pattinson had to ‘totter around in high-heeled sneakers’ and Val Kilmer’s Batsuit for Zoe Kravitz’s audition MORE : Robert Pattinson reveals girlfriend Suki Waterhouse cried while watching The Batman: ‘It was really her reaction that changed the entire thing’ 