Nato will deploy more troops to eastern Europe after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the alliance’s leaders have announced. ‘No one should be fooled by the Russian government’s barrage of lies,’ the organisation said in a joint statement after a virtual summit chaired by Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg. ‘We are now making significant additional defensive deployments of forces to the eastern part of the alliance.’ Mr Stoltenberg said he did not believe the Kremlin’s objectives ‘are limited to Ukraine’ and the whole of Europe is under threat. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘We are facing a new normal in European security where Russia openly contests the European security order and uses force to pursue its objectives,’ he said in a press briefing after the summit. ‘President Putin’s decision to pursue his aggression against Ukraine is a terrible strategic mistake.’ Mr Stoltenberg did not say how many troops would be deployed, but confirmed that the move would involve land, sea and air power. The Nato Response Force (NRF) can number up to 40,000 troops, but  the entire force is not being deployed at this stage. The NRF previously had around 5,000 troops stationed in the Baltic countries – Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, as well as Poland, but has significantly beefed up its defences over the past three months. Downing Street has confirmed that the Nato deployment will involve troops from the UK. Boris Johnson told the meeting that the UK ‘stood ready for any further request from Nato’s Supreme Allied Commander Europe to go further with military support to Nato from UK Armed Forces,’ according to the prime minister’s spokesperson.  The defensive measures come as countries around the world discuss a host of economic sanctions against Russia. The UK confirmed on Friday that it will personally sanction Russian President Vladimir Putin and his foreign minister Sergei Lavrov over their ‘revanchist mission’ to overturn the post-Cold War order. The move brings the UK in line with EU sanctions and suggests western powers are moving towards unprecedented measures to try to halt the invasion of Ukraine. But Ukraine has demanded tougher punishments and more support fending off the Russians as Kyiv was hit by air strikes and fighting closed in on the capital. A list of steps published by the Ukraine foreign ministry on Twitter includes banning Russia from the Swift international payments system and the expulsion of Russian ambassadors worldwide. The west is divided over Swift because it would hurt companies that supply goods to and buy from Russia. UK defence Secretary Ben Wallace has been pushing for the ban but said it is ‘not a unilateral decision’. Ahead of an EU meeting to discuss the proposal, Germany’s foreign minister, Annalena Baerbock, said Berlin did not believe excluding Moscow from the Swift was the right thing to do at this moment. The Downing Street spokesperson said Mr Johnson used the Nato meeting to push for the ban. The prime minister told Nato leaders that ‘immediate action’ must be taken to ban Russia from the Swift payment platform to ‘inflict maximum pain’ on Putin. The spokesperson said: ‘He warned the group that the Russian president’s ambitions might not stop there and that this was a Euro-Atlantic crisis with global consequences.’ Some of Nato’s 30 member countries are also supplying arms, ammunition and other equipment to Ukraine, but Nato as an organisation is not. It will not launch any military action in support of Ukraine, which is a close partner but has no prospect of joining. The Baltic members, however, have said the West should ‘urgently provide Ukrainian people with weapons, ammunition and any other kind of military support to defend itself as well as economic, financial and political assistance and support, humanitarian aid.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.