Four men have been found guilty of murdering a film student who was ‘savagely’ attacked before being thrown from a roof terrace at a New Year’s Eve party. Bill Henham, 24, had gone to the party in a disused building in Brighton, East Sussex, while out celebrating in the early hours of January 1, 2020. But police said he was beaten, kicked and struck with a wooden bannister spindle within a few hours of attending the gathering in North Street. After being attacked, he was dropped off the balcony of a flat-roof terrace, Sussex Police said. Dushane Meikle, 28, of Hove, Gregory Hawley, 29, of no fixed address, Lamech Gordon-Carew, 20, of Hampton, Middlesex and 18-year-old Alize Spence, of Croydon, were all convicted of his murder following a 10-week trial at Maidstone Crown Court. A spokesperson for Sussex Police said through their investigation officers established Bill had spent Christmas with his family in Henfield. But the Ravensbourne University student had wanted to see in the New Year in a ‘lively’ atmosphere in Brighton. ‘Bill’s father gave him a lift into Brighton, dropping him off close to the city centre on the evening of December 31,’ the spokesperson said. ‘Trawls of CCTV revealed Bill leaving a nightclub on the seafront, before the final sighting of him at 4.30am on New Year’s Day in a convenience store in North Street, near the squat where the New Year’s Eve party was held. ‘Tragically, it appears that Bill was killed within a few hours of going to the party. ‘He was subjected to “a sustained and significant” assault that left him with over 60 injuries, including multiple broken ribs and a brain injury.’ Sussex Police said forensic evidence showed the attack had started on the second floor of the building before Bill was dragged to a small room on the first floor where the beating continued. ‘Bill was then dropped over railings at the edge of a flat roof terrace, into a recessed courtyard some 11ft below,’ the spokesperson added. ‘Bill had been stripped of his clothing and it was apparent disinfectant had been used to wash his body and other areas of diluted bloodstaining in the building indicated attempts had been made to clear up after the brutal assault.’ In a statement released through Sussex Police, Bill’s family said: ‘Bill, our son and Rory’s brother, was cruelly and coldly taken from us on the morning of January 1, 2020. ‘It is hard to describe the horror of losing a family member to murder, especially in such a brutal and needless way. ‘We cannot fathom as to why anyone would inflict such cruelty on someone so helpless.’ Meikle, Hawley, Gordon-Carew and Spence will be sentenced on a later date. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.