The Hundred men’s and women’s teams have announced the players they have retained for the 2022 competition. More than 150 players from 2021 have been retained with 28 centrally contracted England players confirmed including Joe Root, Heather Knight, Jos Buttler, Sophia Dunkley, Kate Cross and Moeen Ali. England World Cup winner Jofra Archer is also set to make his Hundred debut for men’s champions Southern Brave. Nineteen international names have been confirmed, including Australia’s Ellyse Perry, Marcus Stoinis, Alyssa Healy and Glenn Maxwell, India star Smriti Mandhana and Afghanistan spinner Rashid Khan. There was no limit on the number of players the women’s teams could retain from last year, while men’s teams were permitted to keep up to 10 players as well as at least one England Test contracted player. Men’s players who have not be retained will go into The Hundred draft on March 30, with London Spirit getting the first pick. Women’s players who have not been retained can now be signed by other franchises, also to be announced on March 30. The 100-ball tournament starts with a men’s fixture between defending champions Southern Brave and Welsh Fire at the Ageas Bowl on August 3. The women’s competition begins on August 11 with champions Oval Invincibles facing Northern Superchargers at the Kia Oval. Lord’s will host the two Hundred finals on September 3. Men: Chris Woakes, Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali, Adam Milne (O), Benny Howell, Tom Abell, Will Smeed, Chris Benjamin, Miles Hammond, Henry Brookes. Women: Amy Jones, Sophie Devine (O), Ellyse Perry (O), Georgia Elwiss, Kirstie Gordon, Issy Wong, Eve Jones, Emily Arlott, Gwen Davies, Abtaha Maqsood, Ria Fackrell, Phoebe Franklin. Men: Zak Crawley, Mark Wood, Glenn Maxwell (O), Eoin Morgan, Mason Crane, Dan Lawrence, Adam Rossington, Ravi Bopara, Blake Cullen, Brad Wheal. Women: Heather Knight, Freya Davies, Charlie Dean, Danielle Gibson, Amara Carr, Naomi Dattani, Grace Scrivens, Alice Monaghan. Men: Jos Buttler, Ollie Robinson, Phil Salt, Matt Parkinson, Jamie Overton, Tom Hartley, Tom Lammonby, Colin Ackermann, Wayne Madsen, Fred Klaassen, Calvin Harrison. Women: Sophie Ecclestone, Lizelle Lee (O), Kate Cross, Emma Lamb, Ellie Threlkeld, Cordelia Griffith, Hannah Jones, Georgie Boyce, Laura Jackson. Men: Ben Stokes, Adil Rashid, David Willey, Faf du Plessis (O), Harry Brook, Brydon Carse, Matthew Potts, John Simpson, Adam Lyth, Callum Parkinson. Women: Jemimah Rodrigues (O), Alyssa Healy (O), Laura Wolvaardt (O), Linsey Smith, Alice Davidson-Richards, Hollie Armitage, Beth Langston, Katie Levick, Bess Heath, Kalea Moore, Liz Russell. Men: Sam Curran, Rory Burns, Jason Roy, Sam Billings, Tom Curran, Will Jacks, Saqid Mahmood, Reece Topley, Jordan Cox, Nathan Sowter. Women: Dané van Niekerk (O), Marizanne Kapp (O), Natasha Farrant, Shabnim Ismail (O), Mady Villiers, Alice Capsey, Danielle Gregory, Grace Gibbs, Emma Jones. Men: Jofra Archer, Marcus Stoinis (O), James Vince, Tymal Mills, Chris Jordan, George Garton, Alex Davies, Jake Lintott, Tim David (O), Ross Whiteley, Craig Overton. Women: Danni Wyatt, Smriti Mandhana (O), Sophia Dunkley, Anya Shrubsole, Amanda-Jade Wellington (O), Maia Bouchier, Lauren Bell, Carla Rudd, Tara Norris, Paige Scholfield. Men: Joe Root, Dawid Malan, Rashid Khan (O), Alex Hales, Lewis Gregory, Marchant de Lange (O), Luke Wood, Samit Patel, Matt Carter, Steven Mullaney, Sam Cook, Tom Moores.Women: Nat Sciver, Katherine Brunt, Sarah Glenn, Kathryn Bryce, Abbey Freeborn. Men: Jonny Bairstow, Ollie Pope, Ben Duckett, Jake Ball, David Payne, Leus du Plooy, Matt Critchley, Ryan Higgins, Josh Cobb. Women: Katie George, Hayley Matthews (O), Claire Nicholas, Georgia Hennessy, Alex Griffiths, Hannah Baker, Lauren Filer, Nicole Harvey. England men’s white-ball captain Eoin Morgan, who was retained by London Spirit, said: ‘The first year of The Hundred was a huge success. ‘We saw quality cricket in front of incredible crowds, and it was awesome to see so many families coming to watch. ‘It was also really special to see so many fans watching both us and the women’s team and it’s undeniable that The Hundred as has a massive impact on the women’s game. ‘We are delighted to have the first pick in The Draft. We hope to add strength and depth to our squad. We can’t wait to see who’s available to snap up.’ England women’s bowler Issy Wong, who will again feature for Birmingham Phoenix, added: ‘I’m so excited to be back playing with Birmingham this summer. ‘Last year was incredible for us and the women’s game, it’s only going to get bigger and better with world-class players like Ellyse Perry being able to join this time around. We can’t wait to get going again and to perform in front of full houses again.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 