Heartbreaking images show Ukrainians seeking shelter in subway stations on the first night of the war with Russia. Families huddled together to keep warm and comfort each other after bombs rained down on the country all through Thursday. The dystopian pictures have been described on social media as ‘like something from the Blitz in London during WW2’. The defence ministry said heavy shelling was still underway in the eastern Donetsk region as terrified civilians bunkered down for the night. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Mayor Vitali Klitschko has imposed a 10pm curfew on in Kyiv, with transport stopped overnight. Underground stations will be used as round-the-clock shelters due to the ‘conditions of military aggression’. As some tried to rest in stations today, others were seen desperately carrying suitcases to look for a way out of the city. There were long queues at bus stations and hours-long traffic jams on main roads. One driver attempting to go west told Sky News the mood was still ‘patriotic’. It comes following a horrific day of bloodshed, with 137 people confirmed dead and hundreds wounded in Ukraine. The Russian military has claimed there is ‘no threat to civilian population’, insisting it is not targeting cities and using precision missiles. But several towns and cities in the east have been struck – with a young boy killed in an explosion in Chuhiv. Chernobyl, the site of the world’s most devastating nuclear disaster, was captured by Russian forces this afternoon. But in a glimmer of hope, Ukrainian troops have recaptured an airfield in the north-west suburbs of Kyiv, a presidential adviser has said. Control of the Hostomel Airfield is thought to be ‘key to Russia’s ability to assault the capital’. Boris Johnson and Joe Biden unveiled fresh sanctions on the Kremlin today, with the US president warning: ‘Make no mistake – freedom will prevail.’ But Vladimir Putin warned world leaders that they ‘will face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere’. More than 1,000 protesters have been arrested in Russia after flooding streets in around 50 cities to demonstrate against their leader. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.