Dating a Pisces? Lucky you. Pisces is the final sign of the zodiac and, as such, carries traits from all of the previous 11 star signs. They are a magical blend of many different strengths and flaws, they have fluid and flexible personalities, but are perhaps most known for their imagination, compassion, and kindness – all of which makes a Pisces a dreamy, loving partner. Before you get into a relationship with a Pisces, you’ll need to get to know this magical sign – their personality traits, their likes and dislikes, their compatible star signs, and their love language. We’re here to give you a roadmap to their heart. Read on for everything you need to know about dating a Pisces… Pisceans are loving, caring, wise and intuitive. They are fantastic lovers and partners because they want to understand and please you, they want to be intimate and close. They are loyal and will do anything for those they love. They have scary levels of empathy, and can read people very well, they get what people truly think and feel, even when they present something differently. Pisces are romantic, imaginative, and creative. They find real life a little tough sometimes, because of their compassion and empathy, and this leads to them hiding away or even drowning their pain in unhealthy ways. They need protection and care. They need a buffer for their high levels of sensitivity. If you’re chatting with a Pisces, try these topics or do these things: Any level of cruelty or callousness turns a Pisces cold – to ice, in fact. They truly believe in kindness and compassion for others, they rarely judge other people, but if they see you being wilfully unkind to someone (or an animal) they won’t forget it. They will feel personally wounded by your actions. Pisceans can generally put up with quite a lot from other people, because they can always see the pain underneath (hurt people hurt people), but they will draw a line eventually. Many people mistake Pisceans’ kindness for weakness, and find out the hard way that they have a limit. I hope you like talking about your feelings because you’re going to be doing it a whole lot with a Pisces partner. They love nothing better than getting cosy and talking through the night about everything that’s going on, what it means, and how it’s affecting you both. They will listen to you, counsel you, and care for you. They want to hear your truth. No judgment. And they love being flattered and complimented and told how precious they are. Literally nothing is too soppy. Lay it on thick Pisces get on great with other water signs – so fellow Pisceans, as well as Cancer and Scorpio. Water signs share a need to bond intimately and deeply with others so they all enjoy sharing their feelings and ideas. They are passionate and loyal, and prioritise their relationships in life. Pisces’ opposite sign (the sign they’re magnetised by in love) is Virgo. This is a case of opposites attract. Pisces is the dreamy, psychic spiritual one, and Virgo is the practical, perceptive, and shrewd one. Their differences fascinate each other and together they make a great team. Loyalty, endless love and compassion, a wise and caring ear whenever you need to talk, great sex (their imaginations come to life in the bedroom…), consistency, kindness, homeliness, creative and imaginative ideas and suggestions, perceptive observations about yourself, a best friend. Pisces is one of the great love partners in the zodiac. If you’re with one, treasure and protect them and you’ll find yourself loved and cared for like no one you know. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best gift to get the Pisces in your life MORE : Everything you need to know about dating an Aquarius MORE : How to romance each star sign