The Batman is almost upon us, with Robert Pattinson leading the cast as the caped crusader. After what feels like years of waiting, the superhero flick is set to be released in cinemas on March 4, and will also see Zoe Kravitz, Colin Farrell, Andy Serkis and Barry Keoghan in the fray. Ahead of the debut, casting director Lucy Bevan has opened up about just how hard everyone behind the scenes worked to keep details of the cast – and that script – completely under wraps. Spoiler alert: It sounds intense. Chatting to Metro.co.uk, Lucy – whose credits also include Belfast, Death on the Nile and Beauty and the Beast among many others – told us: ‘I wasn’t allowed the script until I had a safe in the office. ‘Olivia Grant, who works with me, didn’t even give me the code to the safe because she was so nervous of the confidentiality. We were working under extremely… It was a very confidential project. ‘I’ve still got the safe in my office!’ Lucy helped cast many parts in the upcoming blockbuster, and worked closely on the project alongside Cindy Tolan, who placed the lead role. Speaking of the main challenges they faced, she continued: ‘The challenge there was because we were filming in the UK, we had to recreate Gotham City. It had to feel authentically American. ‘The director, Matt Reeves, was very determined that we had actors who felt authentically American and more specifically from Gotham City. ‘That was our biggest challenge, to make it to make the cast feel authentically American.’ Speaking of Robert, who is following in the footsteps of Ben Affleck, Christian Bale and Adam West by donning the infamous cape, she couldn’t help but praise him. ‘I have known Robert since he was at school,’ Lucy added. ‘I trained with a casting director called Mary Selway, and when I was her assistant, we met Rob and cast him in his first film, Vanity Fair with Reese Witherspoon. ‘I have known him since he was at school and he’s a delightful, charming person. ‘[He’s a] very decent, hard working good guy. He’s made lots of interesting choices, and challenging choices along the way. He’s done really well.’ The Batman will be released in cinemas on March 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Robert Pattinson reveals girlfriend Suki Waterhouse cried while watching The Batman: ‘It was really her reaction that changed the entire thing’ MORE : Robert Pattinson compares The Batman’s persona to ‘drug addiction’: ‘It’s not a healthy thing’ 