British Vogue’s Editor-In-Chief Edward Enninful has tied the knot with his long-term partner Alec Maxwell at a star-studded ceremony, with a bevy of A-list pals including Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and Victoria Beckham as guests. The high-octane bash was held at the sprawling 16th century Longleat House in Wiltshire, the home of Enninful’s close friend Emma Thynn, Marchioness of Bath and her husband Ceawlin Thynn, 8th Marquess of Bath. Other guests at the exclusive event at the iconic safari park included designers Diane von Furstenberg and Marc Jacobs, models Karlie Kloss, Poppy Delevigne, Maya Jama and Bianca Brandolini, and hairstylist Ben Skervin, while Leonardo DiCaprio was also rumoured to be in attendance. According to the Daily Mail, former Strictly Come Dancing star Emma, 35, gave Enninful and Maxwell use of the historic stately home as a wedding present. However, couples usually have to pay closer to £14,000 for an Orangery wedding and marquee reception. The loved-up couple was joined by close friends and family in the glass-walled Orangery, which had been decorated with blooms by Simon Lycett, who did by Princess Eugenie’s wedding. Reports also claim that the catering for the event was provided by high-end London firm Cellar Society, with clients including Balenciaga, Harrods and Rolex. Celebrations continued well into the night, with the 300 specially-selected guests partying in the main house, which is no longer available to paying couples. Many of the celebrity guests also spent the night at the nearby Babbington House, a branch of Soho House, the Daily Mail reported. It’s believed that guests at the event lived the high life, sipping on champagne while serenaded by piano music and enjoying a large flower arch that decorated the end of the impressive glass structure. Ahead of the wedding, a sneak peek of Victoria Beckham’s outfit was shared on Instagram, showing the Spice Girls star and fashion designer in a gorgeous white gown as she posed alongside Vogue’s fashion critic Anders Christian Madsen and stylist Christine Centenera. There was also some snaps shared by Diane von Furstenberg of herself and Naomi Campbell ahead of the glam big day. Speaking to the Daily Mail before the event, one source said: ‘This is going to be the wedding of the year – there will be no expense spared and no detail ignored.’ ‘Edward is one of the best-connected people in Britain, and across America too, so expect super-famous guests. People are already saying you won’t see so many A-listers in one room ever again. ‘Edward appears to have saved some money on the venue as he is thought to have been given it by Emma Weymouth as a wedding present. ‘Edward and Alec have been wanting to marry for some time and Edward’s 50th birthday seemed such a special day to do it.’ There were also a number of high-profile no-shows at the event. Model Gigi Hadid shared a trio of snaps telling the high-powered editor she couldn’t make it, but thanking him for his ‘support, guidance and friendship’. Pop star Dua Lipa also shared an Instagram post saying she wasn’t able to attend the event, and wishing Enninful a happy birthday. On the night before the event, Enninful shared a pre-wedding dinner with some of his closest friends, including Kate, Naomi, and models Stella Maxwell and Irina Shayk, as well as stylist Zoe Bedeaux. On the morning of the event, Enninful shared a simple and stylish graphic image to his account, featuring the date. In the caption, he wrote: ’50th birthday on 22.2.22. Let’s go ❤️’ MORE : Kanye West samples ex-wife Kim Kardashian’s SNL monologue at Donda 2 listening event – but leaves out quip about divorce MORE : Kanye West’s rap about Morgan Freeman and semen on Donda 2 album leaves fans queasy