Brits who want to help Ukraine fight off the Russian invasion will be free to join its new ‘international legion’, the Foreign Secretary has confirmed. Liz Truss said volunteers would ‘absolutely’ enjoy her support, arguing that anyone fighting for Ukraine is also fighting ‘for the whole of Europe’. After the Ukrainian president, Volodymyr Zelensky, announced the formation of an ‘international legion’ for foreign supporters to join his military, questions were raised as to whether British citizens would face difficulties signing up. UK nationals who travelled to take part in the Syrian war have faced prosecution even if they fought against Islamic State. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Asked on BBC One’s Sunday Morning programme whether she would support Brits travelling to Russia to fight, Ms Truss said: ‘That is something people can make their own decisions about. ‘The people of Ukraine are fighting for freedom and democracy, not just for Ukraine but for the whole of Europe. ‘Absolutely, if people want to support that struggle I would support them in doing that.’ There has so far been no evidence of foreign nationals arriving to fight in Ukraine, although the topic has created a buzz online. Nearly 15,000 people have joined a Reddit forum titled ‘volunteersForUkraine, including one user who claimed to be a US air force veteran heading to the warzone from California. He wrote: ‘I just got out of active duty a few months ago. I plan to sell my car Monday and use the funds to purchase equipment and my plane ticket to krakow. From there I’ll find a way to the Ukrainian border. ‘To any of you with no combat experience like myself but with the training… Be prepared to not come back. I’ve accepted the fact that I’m going to die eventually. If it’s gonna happen at least it’ll be towards a cause I believe in. A small number of Brits claiming to have Armed Forces experience said they had arranged journeys to Poland before Mr Zelensky’s announcement and intended to make their way to Ukraine. Speaking to LBC’s Iain Dale on Sunday, Arseniy Yatsenyuk, the former prime minister of Ukraine, said: ‘I would welcome everyone… who is ready to defend Ukraine who is ready to defend freedoms and liberties, who is ready to defend the world. ‘You Brits, you know what the Russians are really about, Americans know, Baltic states, Poles, you decided to support Ukraine because in this you are not just defending us, you are defending yourselves. ‘We need everyone who can stand by Ukraine and fight for Ukraine.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.