The scandalous events that unfolded in The Tinder Swindler on Netflix have left viewers across the globe agog, as they discovered the extent of Simon Leviev’s cons. In the recently-released documentary, the fraudster, who’s real name is Shimon Hayut, was discovered to have swindled tens of thousands of pounds from several women who fell for his charms. Having been jailed for three years at a Finnish prison in 2015 and released early, in 2019 he was sentenced to 15 months in prison in Israel after being arrested for using a forged passport, but was released after five months. Earlier this month, it was reported that Netflix was in ‘early talks’ with the producers of the film Raw TV – who also created Three Identical Strangers and Don’t F*** With Cats – to create a dramatised version of the investigation. Some would argue that Leviev doesn’t deserve any further attention, with the subject of the documentary saying in a recent interview that he was ‘just a single guy that wanted to meet some girls on Tinder’ and insisting that he ‘wasn’t a monster’. However, the news of a potential film does beg the question – who could play the Tinder Swindler on screen? Metro.co.uk asked our readers for their views, with a mixed array of responses. From Riz Ahmed to Rami Malek and Zac Efron, several names have been thrown into the mix. Ahmed has become a heavyweight of the acting industry in recent years, astounding with his performance in Sound of Metal and unleashing his villainous side in Venom. He also starred in crime drama The Night Of, playing the role of Naz in the mini series, a college student accused of murdering a woman in New York. One person on Twitter said that Ahmed would be their clear choice for the part. However, another said that they wouldn’t want him to play the character, stating: ‘I just don’t want to see him play this kind of monster at this point’. According to bookmaker Ladbrokes, the actor currently has 5/1 odds of being cast. Is it any surprise that Malek’s name would be thrown into the mix? From Mr Robot to Bohemian Rhapsody and Daniel Craig’s final James Bond film No Time To Die, he has certainly proven himself to be a versatile actor, boasting an unnerving edge that can leave viewers sitting on the edge of their seats. The actor currently has 10/1 odds to play Leviev, according to Ladbrokes. In 2021, Tahar Rahim starred opposite Jodie Foster in The Mauritanian, playing a man who was held in Guantanamo Bay for 14 years without charge. However, it was his leading role in The Serpent as serial killer Charles Sobhraj that Apati believes could mean he is the main contender to star in a Netflix film based on The Tinder Swindler. With 4/1 odds for the actor, Apati said: ‘The success of The Serpent on Netflix has naturally led to Tahar Rahim heading the betting to play another snake in the shape of Simon Leviev if plans for a Tinder Swindler film go ahead.’ Anyone who watches Succession knows that Jeremy Strong certainly knows how to bring the drama, playing Kendall Roy, the eldest son of business titan Logan Roy (Brian Cox). The Emmy winner has also starred in productions including Zero Dark Thirty, Molly’s Game, The Trial of the Chicago 7 and The Big Short, and currently has 6/1 odds to play Leviev in the movie. Having initially found fame as one of the lead stars of High School Musical, Efron has gone on to flex his acting skills in a range of films, from The Greatest Showman to Neighbors, The Paper Boy, Charlie St Cloud and That Awkward Moment. In 2019, he played serial killer Ted Bundy in Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile, with director Joe Berlinger telling Metro.co.uk that one of the reasons he cast Efron was because he is so ‘beloved and trusted’ by younger generations. ‘I wanted the audience to take the same journey that the victim took, which is to almost start believing that maybe he didn’t do it – that’s what these psychopaths do, they convince you that they’re good guys,’ Berlinger said. ‘Everyone feels like they know him and he would never do such a terrible thing. That’s one of the reasons I wanted Zac to play that role,’ he explained, adding that he and Efron spoke about how to tell the story ‘without glorification’. ‘We also understood that Bundy was a charming, good-looking guy who charmed his way out of being arrested multiple times, who charmed his way into victims’ lives and so Zac knew that that was the dynamic of the character,’ he said. ‘We had lots of conversations about how to make sure we’re not doing this in an exploitative way.’ For anyone who believes Efron would be a good fit for the part, Ladbrokes states he has 14/1 odds at the present time. Israeli actor Tomer Capone has recently been seen starring in superhero TV series The Boys, playing Serge, aka Frenchie, an international arms trafficker. Prior to that, he appeared in politician thriller Fauda, as well as starring in crime drama Hostages. One Twitter user expressed their view that Kayvan Novak, who stars in What We Do in the Shadows, would be an ‘excellent’ choice. The actor and comedian has appeared in films including Cruella, Four Lions and Men in Black: International, as well as co-creating Fonejacker and the spin-off Facejacker. While he wasn’t listed by Ladbrokes as one of their top candidates – with other options being Dave Franco with 12/1 odds, Elijah Wood with 16/1 odds and Daniel Radcliffe with 22/1 odds – he definitely has the chops to pull off the role. The Tinder Swindler is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Tinder Swindler Shimon Hayut launches NFTs collection to fight back at Netflix for ‘stealing’ his images MORE : Loving Tinder Swindler and Inventing Anna on Netflix? You should probably watch BBC Three’s astonishing documentary JobFished 