A visitor centre that resembles a modern version of cosy Hobbit houses has been built into rolling green hills in Denmark. The Skamlingsbanken in Kolding is a place of cultural significance. Architects CEBRA say the glacial area ‘holds a central place in Danish history, and over time it has been a setting for debates about democracy, the border country and women’s suffrage.’ In the past, it was a natural place to gather due to its hollows and hills, which offered shelter from the wind. Carsten Primdahl, partner and architect at CEBRA, says: ‘Skamlingsbanken connects the past with the present and the future, and one of the project’s main ambitions has been to actualise the place’s remarkable history and nature into a contemporary context. ‘The new visitor centre is a modern arena for democratic culture and recreates Skamlingsbanken as a setting for important debates and education about the things that concern us, e.g., climate change. ‘At Skamlingsbanken, we have created a place where visitors will gain knowledge about our democracy and nature through a diversity of experiences.’ The visitor centre has been designed to form a natural and integrated part of the rolling landscape. Several species native to the area are rare, and during the project’s development, it has been crucial to protect the local flora and fauna. Mette Keseler List, a biologist from Kolding Municipality, collaborated with the team to create a special grass mixture based on local species which was spread on and around the building. It provides optimal conditions for local herbs, and together with the reuse of natural peat from the building site, it encourages biodiversity. Carsten says: ‘The visitor centre is an architectural interpretation of the glacial landscape. It is not a destination itself, but part of an overall narrative. ‘The building is a portal – to the significant history and the local nature – and forms a natural starting point for hikes in the area, where a network of paths flows through both building and landscape. ‘From here visitors are guided into the landscape or inside the centre to the exhibition, the teaching facilities, or the café.’ The visitor centre officially opened in 2021 but was closed per restrictions imposed by the Danish government – the hops is now that eased pandemic restrictions will allow it to open its doors again this year. A CEBRA statement read: ‘The main attraction at Skamlingsbanken is nature itself. When visitors enter the exhibition space, they will experience moving through the hill and its many hidden stories. ‘The corrugated back wall is plastered with clay, and the rest of the interior is characterised by local materials like wood, terrazzo with fieldstones and, calm, earthy colour tones.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Couple transforms smelly, rat-infested 1930s house into stunning home – adding £310,000 to property value MORE : Property on sale for £500,000 has its very own coffee shop inside MORE : Experts say this overlooked feature should be on your 2022 property wish list