Russian nuclear deterrent forces have been put on high alert after Vladimir Putin gave the order to his military. Command posts of all of Russia’s nuclear forces have been boosted with additional personnel, the country’s defence minister Sergei Shoigu has informed the president. It applies to all components of Russian nuclear forces – including the strategic missile forces that oversee land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles, the Northern and Pacific Fleets that have submarine-launched intercontinental ballistic missiles, and the long-range aviation that has a fleet of nuclear-capable strategic bombers. The country also closed its airspace to 36 countries in a retaliatory move today. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Airlines from nations including the UK, Germany, Spain, Italy and Canada are barred. The decision comes in response to the EU banning ‘for Russian-owned, Russian registered or Russian-controlled aircraft’ on Sunday. The Kremlin has attempted to lay blame for the nuclear defence ramp-up at the feet of the UK foreign secretary. Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said today: ‘Statements were made by various representatives at various levels on possible altercations or even collisions and clashes between Nato and Russia. ‘We believe that such statements are absolutely unacceptable. I would not call the authors of these statements by name, although it was the British foreign minister.’ But Boris Johnson has dismissed the alert as a ‘distraction’ from the struggle Russian troops are facing amid fierce resistance in Ukraine. An ally of Ms Truss has backed this hypothesis, saying: ‘Nothing Liz has said warrants that sort of escalation’. They added that the foreign secretary has always discussed Nato in the context of it being a defensive alliance. She is said to stand by Article 5 stating an attack against one ally is an attack on all, believing ‘we must do everything we can to help Ukraine short of putting boots on the ground’. Talks have begun in Belarus between negotiators for Kyiv and Moscow but expectations are not high. World leaders say it is highly unlikely Putin would agree to a fair deal and just wants to appear diplomatic. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.