There may be a retro revival happening right now, but not many people boast a collection of vintage clothes to rival Eden Gasson’s. The 23-year-old from Brighton is ‘obsessed’ with flares, go-go boots, and floral fashion from the love and peace decades – and has amassed a wardrobe packed with iconic pieces from years gone by. Eden, a photographer, started her collection as a young teenager and describes herself as a psychedelic and 60s/70s enthusiast living in a modern day world. Her love of vintage started when she was 14, when she says she was ‘naturally drawn to the bold prints’ when visiting a shop with her mum and grandma. ‘Honestly my whole world changed in that shop,’ said Eden. ‘I was so excited to have found something I knew I loved.’ She continued: ‘My obsession began that day and I now own more than 100 vintage outfits and dresses, more than 20 coats, and I can’t count the amount of scarves and accessories I have. ‘I loved that shop so much, I went there for work experience and even worked full time for a year when I was 18.’ Sadly, as a teen Eden was bullied for her retro fashion sense, but said Brighton is the perfect place to live and express yourself. Eden said: ‘When I lived in a small town, people would shout abuse at me over my fashion style. ‘Now I can express myself and people of all ages compliment me on my style.’ It’s not just a fashion trend or hobby for the creative, either, with Eden stressing that her clothing collection (thought to be worth around £3,000) is part of her lifestyle. Her style influences include Jimi Hendrix, David Bowie, Andy Warhol, Priscilla Presley, and Bridgitte Bardot, and she managed to build her dream retro wardrobe while on a student budget. These days, however, the popularity of vintage clothing – and the inevitably marked-up prices – has made finding unique yet affordable pieces difficult for Eden. She said: ‘Luckily I would say around half my wardrobe was purchased when vintage shops were more affordable. ‘Original clothing from the 60s and 70s is so much harder for find now and is much more expensive than it used to be. ‘It shocks me how much I could make if I were to sell some of my collection. I’ve seen single items sell for hundreds of pounds.’ The craze for bold prints and period styles has also not helped, with Eden finding it harder to find genuine vintage pieces in among the vintage-inspired items on the high street. But, she added that nothing can beat the history behind an original piece, saying: ‘I love vintage clothing because it has a story.’ Some of Eden’s favourites from her collection include a 1970s rainbow flare trouser jumpsuit bought from America for £70 a few years back, as well as some pineapple print flares that cost just £3 from a vintage fair. Her most expensive item is a psychedelic maxi dress inspired by 1960s artist Peter Max’s designs, purchased for £250 from a vintage retailer also in the US. Eden is now on the hunt for a pair of go-go boots from the swinging sixties, and her obsession has also made its way into her home. Eden said: ‘I am passionate about interior design and I have a growing collection of vintage furniture for when I get my own place. ‘For now, I have created a little 70s haven in my bedroom and I have retro wallpaper for when I buy my first home.’ Explaining why the era is so attractive to her, Eden said: ‘It was all about expressing yourself, having body confidence and open mindedness. ‘Young people were interested in social justice and I wish that energy was still going in modern times. ‘The patterns and the colours are about being vibrant and fun but also a symbol of the anti-establishment movement and people were ready to make some noise and the prints and colours were a symbol of that. ‘It isn’t just a fashion collection to me, I am very interested in that time and how passionate people were about making a change.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Tips and tricks for dealing with headaches without using painkillers MORE : Dogs and their owners review eight of the best pup-friendly subscription boxes