Caroline Flack, Amanda Holden, Liam Gallagher and Dr Alex George are among the dozens of celebrities who appear in a new poignant campaign to raise awareness for mental health. Photographer Ray Burmiston is set to exhibit the series of portraits of the stars, each of them photographed with their eyes closed revealing rare, intimate moments most fans would never get to see. Ray has taken hundreds of photos of celebrities with their eyes closed over the past 10 years, which will be displayed in a free exhibition, Art of London Presents: Take A Moment 2022, throughout March until early April digitally on the Piccadilly Lights in London and in a physical gallery directly underneath. Ray revealed to Metro.co.uk: ‘I’m really influenced by music and I always loved the Aladdin Sane album cover of David Bowie with the thunder flash and his eyes closed. It’s the fact that it has so much power, even though his eyes are shut. ‘So I just started doing them as a nice little different take on the photoshoot I’m doing, but also as a way to refresh the energy between the sitter and the subject. It wasn’t until I started collating them that I thought “these are really good.” He adds: ‘They say the eyes are the windows to the soul, but even though they are closed, they still say so much – some of them are smiling, some look full of angst, sometimes they look as if they’re at peace with the world. ‘What makes them kind of cool is a variety of different emotions that go on behind the eyes, even when they are shut. In some ways, you can see more clearly with your eyes closed.’ The portraits can come about off-the-cuff without being spoken about at the time, but Ray has also had in-depth discussions about the project with those artists he has built a rapport with either throughout a long shoot or over the years of working with them. He explained: ‘I shot the band Bros recently, at an awards ceremony. And they were just quick in, quick out and as they were going out the door they asked: “So what was that picture for?” ‘When I told them it was for mental health awareness, they said: “Okay, hang on, can we look at it? That’s not quite right.” So they came back into the room and got it exactly how they wanted it to look. ‘Some people, like Bros, I shot very quickly and other people who I have a relationship with, every time I shoot them we will do a ‘Take A Moment’ portrait. People like Fearne Cotton and Ricky Gervais, for example – I’ve got quite a few variations of theirs so there is a bank of images to choose from. Particularly with the mental health aspect of the project, everybody has been really on board with it, which is quite lovely.’ Mental health awareness has become even more prevalent over the past few years, particularly following the death of Caroline Flack, one of the subjects of the stunning black and white images, who took her own life at the age of 40 in February 2020. Ray hopes that by encouraging the public to take part in the project and share their own eyes closed selfies, it will help to further normalise talking openly about mental health and any struggles a person may be having. ‘I think it was a bit of a stigma in the way that probably in the 50s 60s cancer was a stigma – it was like you could catch it if you talked about it, and obviously, that’s not the case for that and it’s not the case for mental health either,’ he says. ‘In some way it is just pictures of famous people with their eyes closed, but on another level, it’s really, really valid and relevant that they are talking about it. ‘Everybody has great days and everybody has dark days, no matter what you what you do, or who you are. The pandemic was a great leveller – it didn’t matter what you did, or where you lived, it was still possible to get it and I think it’s the same for well-being. ‘It doesn’t matter if you’ve got a million pounds or one pound, you can still get affected by it, obviously, to different degrees. These things happen to us all and I think it’s quite comforting, in some ways, to know that we all go through these moments. ‘If you like a particular celebrity, in some way, they end up feeling like a friend because you kind of resonate with them, so them showing support for the cause is a comforting thing and that’s an empowering thing, if you feel touched by that situation.’ As well as the Take A Moment project, Ray has had a rare insight into the lives and careers of some of the world’s biggest stars, having shot one of his favourites, David Bowie, a few times over the years. He explained: ‘I mean, obviously, at the end of the shoot, they’re not going to go, “Hey, let’s go for dinner. I’m going away on holiday next week, come and rent the chalet next to me,” it’s not going to be like that! ‘But it’s interesting, because in the moment, if it’s gelling, it’s quite intense whoever you’re shooting, whether you’re shooting someone that you know, or someone you don’t know, there’s an energy that happens between the camera and the photographer, and the person who’s been photographed. You press a button just at that right millisecond to capture that energy. ‘Obviously with someone like George Michael or David Bowie, the energy that’s coming off them is quite something. But it’s important to remember that you’re not mates, you’re just someone that’s really, really lucky to be in a room with someone that you think is amazing. ‘I feel blessed to be able to do that every time. It doesn’t matter if the person is really famous or not, it’s still brilliant to be able to go on a little journey with someone for a day, or an hour or five minutes. And even if that person never thinks about it again, it’s capturing a bit of magic. ‘That’s what I suppose most photographers try and do and what I love about these Take A Moment portraits. Because even just on a photographic level, you don’t see people with their eyes shut. When you are doing an edit for the magazines or the record companies, they usually say: “Obviously, take the rubbish ones out and all the eyes closed.” And it’s almost like a buzz that no one’s ever gonna use them, but I kind of loved the energy of them.’ Ray also toured with some of the biggest bands of the 90s, including the Spice Girls, so had a front row seat to watch their careers go stratospheric. He says: ‘It’s quite lovely, because I’ve always thought: “everything’s on its way to somewhere” and we’re all part of someone else’s journey and part of our own. ‘Back then in 1997 or 1998, they were enormous, and I worked with them quite tightly for a while, and it was like being inside a bubble. It wasn’t like being on the outside looking in, it was like being in it. I was quite involved with other bands too, like Boyzone, East 17, Kylie Minogue, and all that kind of 1990s pop. ‘It’s just really lovely to meet up with them again on shoots and it’s great to see how they’re still doing it and still loving it and how they progressed. Now that we’ve all grown up as people, it’s kind of cool. It’s lovely when you see people and you resonate with them 20 years, it says something about you and it says something about them and it’s just nice. ‘I don’t think they’re my best mates and friends for life, because everything’s transient and I accept that, but it’s really lovely to be able to be a little part of someone else’s history too.’ Art of London Presents Take A Moment 2022 with Ray Burmiston, which runs throughout March until early April. To help raise mental health awareness in March, take a selfie and tag @PiccadillyLights on Instagram with #TakeAMoment2022. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Olly Murs, Amanda Holden and Laura Whitmore share sweet tributes to Caroline Flack on second anniversary of death MORE : Caroline Flack’s mother sparks police reinvestigation into assault charge following complaint two years after Love Island star’s death 