We’re all feeling the pinch at the moment – with the rising cost of living and energy bills soaring. And it seems this is translating over to the world of dating and relationships, too. A new study has found that partners wouldn’t expect their loved ones to spend big on a romantic gesture. In fact, two-thirds (66%) would prefer their partners to play it safe and never break the bank for romance. The study also looked into the specifics of romantic spending and how it’s perceived. It seems, on average, men are happy to spend almost £75 more than women on a romantic gesture (£221.59 compared to £146.60) and a third of men feel that money spent on a gift or gesture does play a role in how well it is received – compared to 18% of women. However, 70% of women say that they would never expect a partner to spend beyond their means when making a romantic gesture. But perhaps the most important outcome of the study was that 59% of all Brits feel that a gesture’s cost does not influence how romantic it is. When it comes to romantic occasions, respondents say that birthdays followed by Christmas are the best times to splash the cash on love. But only 7% selected Valentine’s Day – which makes sense considering 55% of Brits said they find the day forced and unromantic. Connor Campbell, senior writer at NerdWallet – the company behind the study – also suggests creating a ‘romance pot’ that can go towards date nights. He says: ‘Although budgets are being squeezed and wallets hit because of increasing living costs, it’s still possible to strike big on romance with a modest budget. ‘Setting aside small amounts of money each month is an effective way to grow your “romance pot” so you have the funds available to treat your partner – whether it be a dinner out, a movie night on the sofa, or a more extravagant gesture.’ Connor also adds that the findings show that people are putting their money towards things they consider more important in their relationship. He adds: ‘If Brits are taking a sensible approach to making their loved ones feel special within their means, that demonstrates a considered approach to spending which will benefit couples looking to reach other milestones, such as a dream wedding, expensive honeymoon or buying their first house.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : One in ten dump their first dates if they get too competitive, says study MORE : ‘Micro-dating’ might actually help you spend more quality time with a partner – this is how to do it MORE : How to protect yourself from romance scams and dating fraudsters