Gary Brooker, the frontman of Procol Harum, has died at the age of 76. The band, known for their 1967 hit A Whiter Shade of Pale, confirmed the news in a statement on their website, describing him as a ‘brightly-shining, irreplaceable light in the music industry.’ The statement confirmed that the pianist, composer and lyricist had been receiving treatment for cancer and died peacefully at home. He is survived by his wife Franky, who he married in 1968. It added: ‘From his earliest onstage duets with his musician father, through his youthful recording career with Southend’s The Paramounts, Gary exhibited and developed a highly-individual talent. His first single with Procol Harum, 1967’s A Whiter Shade of Pale, is widely regarded as defining ‘The Summer of Love’, yet it could scarcely have been more different from the characteristic records of that era.’ The band went on to add that Brooker’s ‘influence far exceeds his output,’ listing The Who and Queen as among those who were inspired by the late star. They also remembered his charitable work, and added: ‘Gary’s charisma was by no means confined to the stage. ‘He lit up any room he entered, and his kindness to a multilingual family of fans was legendary. He was notable for his individuality, integrity, and occasionally stubborn eccentricity. His mordant wit, and appetite for the ridiculous, made him a priceless raconteur (and his surreal inter-song banter made a fascinating contrast with the gravitas of Procol Harum’s performances). ‘But for all his other interests and skills – prize-winning angler, pub-owner, lyricist, painter, inventor – he was above all a devoted and loyal husband to Franky, whom he met in 1965 and married in 1968. Our thoughts must be with her, their families and friends at this extremely sad time.’ Before his career with Procol Harum, Brooker founded the band The Paramounts in 1962, which became well known in the burgeoning 1960s British R&B scene. In 1966, he founded Procol Harum with his friend Keith Reid. The following year, they released their worldwide hit A Whiter Shade of Pale. The band broke up in 1977 but Brooker’s career continued, as he carried on as a solo artist. He worked with musicians including Eric Clapton, Sir Ringo Starr, and Bill Wyman and, in 1996, appeared in the Alan Parker film adaptation of Andrew Lloyd Webber’s Evita. In 2003, he was awarded an OBE in recognition of his charitable work. MORE : Michael Buble’s wife Luisana Lopilato pregnant with fourth child as she unveils baby bump in his new I’ll Never Not Love You music video MORE : Splash the cash with classical and go bolder with rock: Different genres of music can influence our spending habits, says study 