Euphoria fans’ dreams seem to have come true as there’s a rumour going around Tom Holland has made an appearance in his girlfriend Zendaya’s popular teen drama. Having already revealed to that he’s visited the Euphoria set ’30 times this season’ and that he’s been ‘petitioning’ for an appearance for a while, it was only a matter of time before the Spiderman/teen drama crossover actually happened. And fans are loving it. The HBO show aired its latest episode of season 2 on Sunday, and one fan jumped to spot Tom in the background. In the episode, Lexi Howard (played by Maude Apatow) puts on a not-so-subtle and not-very-PG play in front of her friends and other students, including Tom it seems. ‘DAMN LEXI EVEN GOT TOM HOLLAND AT HER PLAY??’ joked a fan, sharing a close up screengrab of what looks like Tom in the audience. While it seems unlikely, some fans are definitely convinced. Other fans took it as a joke, with one claiming they could spot Stranger Things actress Millie Bobby Brown and another calling out Teen Wolf star Dylan O’Brien. Some fans gave all the credit to Zendaya, as one wrote: ‘Not Zendaya getting Tom Holland a job’, while another quipped ‘Zendaya invited Tom to the show.’ Speaking to Entertainment Tonight last month, Zendaya, who plays troubled-teen and leading role Rue Bennett, dropped the first hint that Tom could be appearing in an episode. ‘He supported me through the whole season,’ she revealed. She added that the couple, who have been officially dating since July 2021, ‘have talked about it.’ ‘You know, we joke abut sneaking him into the background and seeing if someone can spot him.’ Well it turns out keen eyed viewers can spot the floppy hair from miles away, although it could just be a very accurate doppleganger. Now the only question remaining is whether he’ll return for a centre-stage role on the show. The season finale of Euphoria airs February 28 on Sky Atlantic and NOW Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Euphoria’s Sydney Sweeney was actually told she didn’t have the ‘right’ look and would ‘never be on TV’ MORE : Euphoria: Rue’s fate confirmed for future episode ahead of season 2 finale 