A 13-year-old child died due to obesity-related health issues, after hospitals deemed him too fat for treatment, an inquest has heard. Schoolboy Adrian Balog was morbidly obese and died in April 2015, after two hospitals said they could not offer him anything other than palliative care because of his weight. Now the coroner has written to Education Secretary Nadhim Zahawi to highlight that obesity can be as serious a sign of child abuse as starvation, in a report titled ‘Preventing future deaths’. Adrian had been morbidly obese since the age of three and was hospitalised with dilated cardiomyopathy, a heart condition where the organ fails to pump blood around the body properly. He was then diagnosed with heparin induced thrombocytopenia, a blood disorder that can cause clots. But his weight meant he was not eligible for a heart transplant or any interim measures to prepare him for the operation. Weeks before his death, Adrian was transferred from the Royal Manchester Children’s Hospital (RMCH) to Freeman Hospital, Newcastle, to explore his options. But they decided there was nothing they could do and he was returned to RMCH where he underwent palliative care before dying 15 days later on April 2, 2015. Manchester coroner Zak Golombek explained: ‘The deceased died from natural causes contributed to by his longstanding morbid obesity, which itself significantly contributed to his death in that it rendered him ineligible to receive appropriate treatment.’ He said that those responsible for Adrian did not educate him on the ‘the correct foods to eat nor on how to live a healthy lifestyle, and did not take him to weight management services’. Mr Golombek added: ‘Throughout his childhood he was fed an unhealthy diet and allowed to continue with this diet into his early teenage years.’ In a narrative verdict at the hearing held last week his cause of death was given as multi-organ failure, dilated cardiomyopathy, morbid obesity and heparin induced thrombocytopenia. The coroner said attitudes to obesity had moved on since 2015, but added: ‘It was accepted that an obese child – and particularly a morbidly obese child – may be a child at risk, even in the absence of other signs of neglect.’ The current head of Adrian’s school, Loreto High School, said that Department of Education documents about safeguarding children were used but there is no reference to obesity relating to signs and symptoms of neglect in children. Mr Golombek added: ‘The absence of such a reference is a matter of concern as to how obesity in children is viewed as a public health issue in comparison to malnourished or underweight children which are both referenced as signs and symptoms of neglect.’ Mr Zahawi now has 56 days to respond to the coroner’s ‘Preventing future deaths report’. His reply must contain details of action taken or proposed to be taken and set out the timetable for action. Health Secretary Sajid Javid was copied in along with the Chief Coroner, Loreto High School, three doctors, Manchester City Council, Salford City Council, Manchester Safeguarding Partnership, Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust and The Newcastle upon Tyne Hospital NHS Foundation Trust. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.