BBC News reporters have been forced to take shelter in Kyiv as it’s ‘too dangerous to be out on the streets’. Clive Myrie and Lyse Doucet have been broadcasting from Kyiv, in footage that contained harrowing moments including an air rad siren sounding during the broadcast, and Myrie appearing to shed a tear while reporting the news. During Friday’s BBC News At 10, presenter Jane Hill said: ‘We had been hoping to broadcast tonight’s programme from the capital, but it is too dangerous to be out on the streets.’ She spoke live to international correspondent Doucet, saying: ‘As we can see, you, the team, others [are] having to take shelter tonight in a basement.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Doucet said: ‘This is Kyiv tonight – it was a vibrant city, nearly three million people, but tonight they’ve gone underground to take shelter and that includes us. ‘We’re in an underground parking garage. Many others are here…This is where we’re going to have to take shelter through the night and we’re not sure for how much longer.’ Myrie and Doucet have been praised for their coverage following the Russian invasion. On Thursday, the Mastermind host was reporting live in Kyiv in front of St. Michael’s Golden-Domed Monastery as sirens blared around him. Beginning the segment in normal attire, viewers quickly spotted a drastic change 10 minutes in, as Myrie and Doucet had changed into the protective clothing. Myrie said: ‘We heard the air raid sirens, we have put on our flak jackets. ‘One wonders what the people of this city and indeed right across this country are now thinking. ‘They prayed for peace and with all the diplomacy over the last few weeks and months, they hoped that would be the case. ‘Now we are in a major conflict.’ He later appeared to shed a tear during Thursday night’s bulletin. Myrie provided an update on the attack Russia has launched against Ukraine ‘by land, sea and air’, stating that ‘fierce fighting is taking place’. The reporter informed viewers of the air strikes that were followed by the land invasion by Russian forces, saying that they ‘breached the border in three main directions from the east, the south and the north’. As he introduced the BBC News international correspondent Orla Guerin, a tear appeared to fall down his cheek, a moment that was noticed by several people watching the news programme, with many sharing support for the reporter. A fierce battle for the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv is underway, with Russia claiming it has cut the city off from its allies. Kyiv’s mayor, former heavyweight boxing world champion Vitali Klitschko, said the city is now ‘entering a phase of defence’. Air raid alarms have also sounded in a number of areas in the city, with citizens told to make their way to nearby shelters as armoured vehicles rolled through the streets. President Zelensky, who plans to remain in Kyiv despite being Putin’s ‘number one target’, repeated his calls for global leaders to toughen their sanctions against the Kremlin and its cronies. Speaking to a video meeting with EU leaders from what appeared to be a bunker, he said: ‘If you don’t help us now, if you fail to offer a powerful assistance to Ukraine, tomorrow the war will knock on your door.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC News’ Clive Myrie once had to write goodbye letter to family before reporting from front line MORE : Who is BBC News presenter Clive Myrie and who is his wife? 