Britain’s greatest Olympian Sir Jason Kenny admitted to being ‘a little bit sad’ but excited as he announced his retirement from racing in order to move into coaching. The 33-year-old has this week formally begun work as British Cycling’s men’s podium sprint coach, overseeing riders who were team-mates until his appointment. Kenny, who won a stunning keirin gold in Tokyo last summer to claim a seventh Olympic title 13 years after his first in Beijing, had been planning to keep going until the Paris Games in 2024 but said the opportunity to coach the British squad was one he could not pass up. ‘It wasn’t an easy decision,’ said Kenny, who was knighted in the New Year Honours List. ‘I genuinely wanted to carry on to Paris, but I creak quite a lot these days and I always knew I wanted to go into coaching off the back of it, and this opportunity came along. ‘I am a little bit sad to be honest because all I’ve known is riding and competing, but I’m quite excited to get stuck into the job.’ The move was not long in the planning. British Cycling advertised for the role on LinkedIn last month, ironically illustrating the advert with a picture of Kenny, who chose to put in what he called a ‘speculative’ application a day before the deadline without discussing it with senior coaches first. ‘The job ad came up and I ummed and ahed a bit,’ added Kenny. ‘I was full-time training at the time, but I’ve started to ache a lot more these days. I thought, I don’t even know if I’m going to make it to Paris, so I could commit for three years and get nothing out of it. ‘This opportunity might not come here again. If they got a good coach they could be in the role for potentially 10 years, so I thought I’d go for it now…I think if I hadn’t got the job I would have carried on (racing) in all likelihood.’ Kenny has retired once before, silently stepping away after winning team sprint, individual sprint and keirin gold at the 2016 Rio Games, without announcing his decision until he reversed it a year later. This time it is more definitive and, Kenny said, much harder. ‘Last time I didn’t realise it but I was just cooked,’ he said. ‘I’d never really taken a break (in 10 years), so I just stepped away. Because I never planned on coming back I completely switched off and got that re-fresh. ‘And since I came back into it I’ve really enjoyed it again. So this time I’m absolutely loving it, so now I’m going to quit! In Rio I was quite happy to see the back of it. But then since coming back and being refreshed it’s a lot harder to walk away.’ Kenny said the decision had been taken jointly with his wife Laura, Britain’s most successful female Olympian, who won her fifth gold with victory in the Madison alongside Katie Archibald last summer. MORE : Laura Kenny reacts to husband Jason becoming Britain’s most successful ever Olympian For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 