Kasey, 25, was a super healthy former college athlete when she noticed what she suspected were tumours appearing on her body. She went to the doctor immediately, but claims she was dismissed because of her age. ‘I had these tumours pop up on my body, which was close to my anus,’ said Kasey, from San Diego, California, in the US. ‘No one would listen to me because I was young, healthy, and looked fine. ‘The first doctor I saw didn’t give me an exam at all, she just refused to look at it. I walked in and said ‘this is what I think is a tumour on my body.’ ‘She dismissed me within two minutes and sent me on my way with a suppository which would help a haemorrhoid.’ Kasey knew that her illness was not just piles, so kept pushing to see another doctor before being referred to a gynaecologist by her aunt. That doctor took a look and ‘thought it was really weird’, but, Kasey says, reassured her that because she was ‘healthy and young’ it was unlikely to be anything serious. ‘I started to get emotional because no one was hearing me, and this was the third time it happened in three weeks,’ said Kasey. Thankfully, the gynaecologist ordered a CT scan, but this revealed the devastating news: Kasey was diagnosed with a rase soft tissue cancer called rhabdomyosarcoma, that has a five-year survival rate of just 20%. The cancer has reoccurred numerous times since Kasey’s diagnosis in November 2021, and she now faces further chemotherapy. Kasey is now sharing her story to raise awareness of what she says is gender bias in the medical field. She said: ‘I think the hardest pill to swallow emotionally is that when you’re in your 20s, all you do is plan for 30s and 40s and onwards. ‘When you’re told you probably don’t have much time left, you have to make a pivot. ‘For me, that was to try to find my purpose in this world because I had this sense of urgency that didn’t exist before. ‘There’s a lot of innovative medicine and I have the luxury of having a parent advocate, my mother who’s literally the smartest person in the world. ‘I’m at the point now where I’m advocating for myself now and taking an active role in my treatment. We’re pursuing every option under the sun.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man buys 65ft long military tugboat on second date – now the couple and their baby live on it MORE : Why pregnant women are still reluctant to take the Covid vaccine – and what the NHS needs to do to convince them MORE : Three-bed house in Hampstead, London, is on sale for £600,000 – but it has a dirty secret inside