If you like a small pricetag, Kensington is not the place to buy. The average sale price for a property in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea over the last year is £2.15million, with detached houses averaging £6.94m; this is a place where flats average an incredible £1.3m. However, even in such exalted company, some places command a cost eliciting a low whistle, or perhaps whimper, of awe. Such a place is Victory House, currently rocking a £22.5m pricetag which pops it near the top of the list at Sotheby’s International Realty – no bad neighbourhood itself. Victory House is named after the road upon which it resplendently rests: Victoria Road, running south from the south-west corner of Hyde Park. Kensington Palace is 600m away, and Victoria Road – formerly known as Love Lane – has often attracted its own elite, from politically varied aristos the Mitfords to the former king of Malaysia via Dustin Hoffman and Rudolf Nureyev. No wonder it’s frequently calculated to be the most expensive street in the country. You won’t be surprised to hear that Victory House doesn’t drag down the neighbourhood. The 40ft-wide exterior of the double-fronted, triple-aspect freehold villa speaks quietly of restrained taste, with its classically proportioned windows and a grand but subtle staircase sweeping up to its double front door. Safely inside, you can take a right into the 23ft dining room, which leads via stairs into a south-facing 24ft reception room. Or you could hang a left into the 23ft kitchen and breakfast room. Either way, the kitchen and reception both give onto a 21ft outside terrace with fireplace – one of several exterior spaces you’ll find on your wander around. One is the even bigger roof terrace – in excess of 29ft x 22ft – off the principal en-suite bedroom. This terrace, equipped with not just a fireplace but also a TV screen, is on the first floor along with two further bedrooms and there are another two on the lower ground floor; each of which is en-suite, and one has its own kitchen and entrance. Also on the lower ground is a library giving on to a patio, plus a whacking great cinema room – at more than 28ft, it’s thought to be one of the biggest private cinema rooms in central London – which has its own Parisian-style bar. If you thought that was the last word in luxury, you want to dig down into the basement spa. Here you’ll find a 39ft x 23ft gym, complete with steam room and changing room, giving on to a mosaic pool with a projector so you can choose your background to swim against. A house like this isn’t shoddily appointed, so you can expect Italian chandeliers and French fireplaces, furnishings from Fendi and Ralph Lauren, underfloor heating and Lutron-controlled smart-house technology. You can also relax, thanks to the electric gates, off-street parking, Banham alarm systems, CCTV and bomb-proof windows. Victory House was first listed last year for £24m, almost thrice the price it last sold for – £8.15m in February 2013, per the Land Registry. In Kensington, those days seem a long time ago. Victory House is on sale for £22.5million via Sotheby’s Realty. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Stunning industrial flat in former MI5 office goes on sale for £950,000 MORE : Incredible ‘ballroom flat’ with secret rooms on sale now MORE : A breathtaking pink Venetian palace with its own beach strip, pool and  nightclub is up for sale at £4.4million