Cristiano Ronaldo has told Ralf Rangnick to play with two strikers in his system for Manchester United, according to reports. Ronaldo has struggled to make an impact for United in recent weeks, scoring just once in his last nine appearances. The 37-year-old endured another frustrating game on Wednesday evening as he failed to register a shot on target in United’s 1-1 draw with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League. Ronaldo looked visibly unhappy with his United teammates during the game against Atletico, particularly during one attacking move where he was the only player inside the opposing box. According to The Athletic, Ronaldo has already held a meeting with Rangnick earlier this month to propose that United play with two strikers in attack. The report claims that Ronaldo believes the change will benefit both him and the team, although Rangnick is yet to adapt his system to accommodate the Portuguese’s request. United have been without Edinson Cavani for the last two weeks due to a groin injury, while Rangnick uses Marcus Rashford, Anthony Elanga and Jesse Lingard in wider areas. Speaking about United’s attacking struggles against Atletico, particularly in the first half, Rangnick said: ‘We were too apprehensive with the ball [in the first half]. We didn’t take any risks when we were in possession of the ball, we just played in our own half, without any deep runs, without physicality, and it is difficult against a team like Atletico, conceding an early goal. ‘It was difficult to prevent. I must say it was a brilliant cross straight to the near post, difficult to defend against. But, again, we have to be more aggressive and we have to play with more conviction on the ball. ‘We need to do what we did in the last couple of weeks and also against a team like Atletico we need more deep runs. ‘The way that we scored the goal was exactly that, a deep run from Anthony Elanga, a fantastic pass. We won the ball in the centre of the pitch, and this is how we have to play against them.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 