A Starbucks employee is being praised after trying to help a young customer in an uncomfortable situation. Brandy Roberson from Corpus Christi, Texas says her 18-year-old daughter was at a Starbucks alone when a man she didn’t know began talking to her. A barista who noticed the situation brought a free hot chocolate to the girl with a secret note telling her she could signal for help if needed. Written in black marker on the side of the cup, the note read: ‘Do you want us to intervene? If you do, take the lid off the cup.’ Brandy told WKYC that her daughter didn’t feel she was in any danger as she was at the cafe to study. ‘She was sitting at her table alone studying and this man came by and noticed what she was studying and wanted to talk to her about it,’ she explained. ‘He, I think, just kind of became really loud and animated about it.’ The barista came over to her daughter with a ‘hot chocolate someone forgot to pick up.’ Her daughter didn’t feel at risk and didn’t remove the lid but thanked the barista for trying to help. ‘She was holding the cup and knew that I would love that someone did that for her,’ Brandy told Today. ‘It made me feel so grateful that the Starbucks employees were watching out for her. As a mom, that is my worst fear that something would happen to my child and nobody would be there to help.’ Brandy felt so moved by the story that she shared a picture of the cup on Facebook in a post that has been liked more than 90,000 times. She wrote: ‘My 18 year-old daughter was at Starbucks, alone, the other night. A man came up to her and started talking to her. A barista handed her an extra hot chocolate someone forgot to pick up. How grateful I am for people who look out for other people!’ ‘Side note: She felt safe and did not remove the lid, but let them know. She said the whole team was watching over her the rest of the time she was there. ‘Thank you to the team at Starbucks on Staples and SPID in Corpus Christi.’ Under the post one woman commented: ‘The best of humanity right there!’ Meanwhile, WKYC confirmed the story with a Starbucks representative. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Heartbroken women discover they were mistakenly switched at birth at age of 55 MORE : Woman warns people to check skin after beauty mark on lip turns out to be cancer MORE : This simple hack shows how to get rid of pesky bathroom mould