Pupils who fail GCSEs maths and English look set to be blocked from getting student loans under plans for a major overhaul of higher education. The student loans system will also be dramatically changed, with the salary threshold at which graduates have to start paying back their debt lowered to £25,000. The government proposals, being published ahead of a consultation, also include capping the total number of undergraduates. The Department for Education claims it is aiming to prevent school-leavers from being ‘pushed into higher education before they are ready’. It also wants to make sure ‘poor-quality, low-cost courses aren’t incentivised to grow uncontrollably’, as universities attempts to boost their income. Students who do not get 2 Es at A level (or an equivalent) or at least a Grade 4 pass in English and maths at GCSE would be barred from loans if the proposals get the go ahead. About a third of pupils currently fail to get a Grade 4 — previously a C grade — in English and maths. The overhaul, first reported in The Daily Telegraph, comes after the Ucas admissions service revealed 320,000 sixth-formers have applied for places at university so far this year, up from 306,000 in 2021. ‘We need to ensure that graduates are being rewarded for the money, time and effort they put into their studies,’ a spokesman added. Meanwhile, the pay threshold at which student loans must be repaid will be cut from £27,295 to £25,000 for students starting studies in 2023. The loan repayment period will also be extended by a decade to 40 years. The government said this would mean that a graduate earning £28,000 would pay back £17 a month. One long-held concern among current graduate is on interest rates and that will be cut for new students, so their loan balance rises with the rate of inflation. The reforms would mean that more than half (52%) of students who take out a loan to start a full-time university course will repay this in full, while less than 25% were expected to repay their loans fully if the changes did not go ahead, the Government said. Tuition fees will be capped at £9,250 for a further two years. Current graduates are not expected to be impacted by the changes, which have been set out in response to the Augar review into higher education. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.