Text messages allegedly sent by a Russian soldier moments before he was killed in the ongoing war with Ukraine have been read out at the United Nations. While it is not clear where the texts were seen, Ukraine’s UN ambassador Sergiy Kyslytsya shared the conversation during an emergency special session on Russia’s invasion on Monday. The unnamed soldier admitted to ‘shooting everyone, including civilians’. The exchange reads: ‘Why have you [not] responded for so long, are you sure you’re on training?’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Mum, I’m not in Crimea anymore. I’m not on training,’ responded the unnamed soldier. His mother replied: ‘Where are you then? Dad is asking if we could send you a parcel.’ ‘What parcel, mum? I only want to come back now,’ the man wrote back. His mum asked: ‘Why are you saying this? What happened?’ The soldier replied: ‘Mum, I’m in Ukraine. There’s a real war going on here. We are shooting everyone, even civilians. ‘They told us Ukrainians would greet us peacefully, but they are throwing themselves under our machinery, not letting us pass. ‘They call us fascists. Mum, I’m really scared.’ After reading out the text conversation, Mr Kyslytsya told the General Assembly to ‘visualise the magnitude of the tragedy’. ‘Imagine next to you – next to every nameplate of every single country in this general assembly – more than 30 souls of killed Russian soldiers already. Next to every name of every single country,’ he said. Exact death tolls from the conflict remain unclear, but UN Human Rights Commissioner Michelle Bachelet claimed 102 civilians have been killed in Ukraine over the five days of fighting, with hundreds wounded. She also warned the figure was likely to be a vast underestimate, while Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said at least 16 children were among those who have lost their lives. The emergence of the text conversation comes on the same day that Mr Zelensky formally applied for Ukraine to join the European Union – in what has been hailed as a ‘historic moment’ for the embattled country. In an earlier message issued on his Telegram channel, the president said: ‘Our goal is to be together with all Europeans and, most importantly, to be on an equal footing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.