Travellers in London are being warned of severe disruption to Tube services on two days this week, with transport bosses saying there is a ‘high chance’ of no services. Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union (RMT) will walk out tomorrow and Thursday, because of a dispute over jobs, pensions and working conditions. Transport for London (TfL) plans to cut 500 to 600 Tube station roles to save money and review its generous pension scheme. TfL has warned passengers whose journeys rely on Tube connections to work from home if possible, consider different modes of transport and to allow extra time for essential trips. Other TfL services will run, but are likely to be significantly busier. The planned action is also likely to severely affect services on Wednesday and Friday, particularly in the morning peak (up to 9am). Customers are advised to travel later in the day, check journey times before they travel and consider whether their trips are essential. TfL has said no one has, or will, lose their jobs because of the proposals it has set out. It said in a statement: ‘TfL will do all it can to provide as many transport options as possible, but customers are advised to check before they travel, consider if their travel is essential and work from home if possible. ‘They should leave more time for journeys and travel at quieter times where possible.’ RMT general secretary Mick Lynch said: ‘Our members will be taking strike action because a financial crisis at London Underground has been deliberately engineered by the Government to drive a cuts agenda which would savage jobs, services, safety and threaten their working conditions and pensions. ‘These are the very same transport staff praised as heroes for carrying London through Covid for nearly two years, often at serious personal risk, who now have no option but to strike to defend their livelihoods. ‘The politicians need to wake up to the fact that transport staff will not pay the price for this cynically engineered crisis. ‘In addition to the strike action, RMT is co-ordinating a campaign of resistance with colleagues from other unions impacted by this threat.’ Picket lines will be mounted outside Tube stations across the capital on Tuesday and Thursday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.