After an explosive three seasons, with Jodie Comer and Sandra Oh becoming the perfect on-screen partnership, fans couldn’t be more hyped for season four but they might be disappointed this time around. Episodes one and two of new series, at least, get off to a majorly lacklustre start, and at this point, it feels like a bit of a drag. In case you forgot (let’s face it, you probably did), season three began the downfall of the show, as we saw Villanelle tire of being an assassin, the death of Kenny (Sean Delaney) and Carolyn (Fiona Shaw) shooting her MI6 colleague Paul (Steve Pemberton) after figuring out he was in with The Twelve. We last left our chaotic leads in a dramatic and almost romantic moment, with the two meeting on Tower Bridge. ‘When I try and think of my future, I just see your face over and over again,’ Eve told Villanelle, with the pair of them sharing a lingering look. Two years and a pandemic later, the new series is here and…that scene didn’t really lead to anything. Season four kicks off with Eve (still) on her mission to take down The Twelve – but do we even remember why we care anymore? Villanelle, meanwhile, is doing her best to live a reformed life and be a ‘good person’ – and you can imagine how that turns out. Although the series has, undoubtedly, gone on for too long now, Sandra and Jodie are still brilliant. Sandra is as funny as ever, with Eve having fully thrown caution to the wind at this point, as she heads well on the way to complete self-destruction. Meanwhile, Jodie is always transformative as the somehow lovable assassin,  bringing the chaos once more and leaving a (by now, expected) trail of destruction in her path. While she can’t exactly shock us in the same way she used to (that neck-snapping scene at the hospital will be branded into our brains forever) she still has some of the best scenes of the series, including one very awkward baptism scene. But while we established that the Eve-Villanelle partnership is electric a long time ago, their scenes together are fleeting and far between. Any sense of danger was left behind in season two. Their meetings used to have us holding our breath, genuinely unsure if they were about to murder each other or run off into the sunset together. Now, their run-ins don’t seem to have much point other than some gorgeous promo shots of the pair of them on either side of a fish tank. Two seasons ago, the yearning looks and murderous moments were intoxicating. Now, they’re just boring. There’s no faulting the supporting cast. Kim Bodnia is still brilliant as Konstantin, as is Fiona as the returning Carolyn Martens. But there’s just not much to do with them anymore. The problem is simple – Killing Eve should have ended after season two, when things were still unpredictable and exciting. Now, writer Laura Neal has an impossible job – what do you do with your characters when your show should have ended a long time ago? What used to feel like a twist round every corner now just feels predictable. We’re still holding out hope for the rest of the series but, if we don’t get something new very soon, Killing Eve might just be another show to end not with a bang but with a whimper. Watch Killing Eve on BBC One and iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Killing Eve season 4: When will it be released in the UK? MORE : Killing Eve’s Sandra Oh reveals how Grey’s Anatomy ‘changed’ her: ‘It was the most impactful thing I’ve done’ 