Tributes have poured in for a ‘popular’ dad-of-two who was killed by flying debris as Storm Eunice wreaked havoc across the country, Stephen Matthews, 68, was one of four people in the British Isles to die as a result of Friday’s hazardous weather, as at least 16 were left dead across Europe. The storm brought record-breaking winds of 122mph to the UK – shredding the roof of London’s O2 Arena, toppling trees onto cars and knocking people off their feet in the streets. Stephen was the passenger of a van when he was hit by debris that was sent flying through the windshield at around 2.10pm on Friday. He was pronounced dead at the scene in Netherton, Merseyside, while the driver was left uninjured. A family tribute read: ‘Stephen was a popular and well-known member of the Aintree community who was tragically taken from us too soon. ‘The beloved husband of Sylvia and devoted Dad to Jonathan and Robert, he will be sadly missed by all of his family and friends.’ Following the devastation of Storm Eunice, tributes were also paid to a 23-year-old truck-driver who was killed by a falling tree. Dad-of-one Jack Bristow was the passenger of a Mercedez Benz Sprinter pick-up van, whose cab was crushed during the incident. He was pronounced dead at the scene, while the driver, also a man in his 20s, was taken to hospital with serious injuries. A friend of the victim, Bradley Hall, wrote: ‘Jack was loved by everyone who’s met him and was always down for a chat. ‘He was a proud father and a loving partner to his girlfriend. He was his mum’s precious lad and will never be forgotten about.’ Tributes were also paid to an Irish council worker who was killed by a falling tree as he cleared up debris left behind by the storm. Billy Kinsella, 59, had been called out to reports of a tree blocking a road when tragedy struck in County Wexford. His wife, Rita Kinsella, said he was a very hard-working man who loved his only child, Conor. She told the Independent.ie: ‘Nobody could ask for a better husband or father. It will be hard to digest. You know when you’re used to someone coming home in the evening time and today, suddenly, they are not there. ‘It was just a horrible accident. His colleagues at Wexford County Council were always very good to him and he was very happy there. ‘He wasn’t a person for the limelight. He was a very hard-working man who went to work, did his work and came home to his family.’ Juliana Da Silva Queiroz Murilo, 37, was in the passenger seat of a silver Honda on Friday when a tree landed on the vehicle and killed her in Highgate. Her cab driver husband Carlos had just picked up his wife from work as a house cleaner when tragedy struck on Friday. He suffered cut hands and bruised ribs in the incident, as rescuers sawed through the car to rescue him. In an ambulance, 39-year-old Carlos was told his wife, from Brazil, hadn’t survived the accident. He told the Evening Standard: ‘She was a sweet and adorable wife she was perfect so friendly, always laughing and making jokes. We loved each other so much it was as if we were one.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.