Amanda Bynes has reportedly filed to end her conservatorship after nine years. The She’s The Man star filed documents in LA on Wednesday to end the conservatorship, which was initially put in place in 2013, according to TMZ. It comes shortly after Britney Spears’ conservatorship was terminated in November in a landmark decision. Amanda’s conservatorship was first put in place following a series of mental health and substance abuse issues. In September last year, a judge ruled to extend it for two years, until 2023. The ruling was made after Lynn Bynes, the actress’s mother, submitted a report about her daughter in July, Us Weekly reported. Speaking to People magazine, Amanda’s lawyer David Esquibias clarified that the conservatorship could terminate whenever Amanda felt it was time to end. He explained: ‘Her conservatorship is not extended through, March 2023. It is open day to day. A status report regarding her health and welfare was recently filed and approved by the court. ‘By law, the next status report is due in two years. Her conservatorship will terminate when it is no longer convenient for Amanda.’ Amanda keeps a fairly low profile but occasionally updates fans. Last year, Amanda’s lawyer insisted she was ‘doing great’ ahead of her 35th birthday. David A. Esquibias said at the time: ‘Amanda is doing great. She lives by the beach, attends school and is enjoying meditation and Soul Cycle classes. ‘She looks forward to celebrating her birthday with family and friends.’ Prior to that, Amanda was working on her degree at California’s Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising (FIDM) after graduating with her associate’s degree in 2019. David explained that the actress – who has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder – is ‘very entrepreneurial’ but was also committed to her studies. Speaking about Amanda’s progress, he said last year: ‘Amanda is very entrepreneurial. She is investigating fragrances. ‘She is now considering perfume in addition to a clothing line. But, don’t get too excited. She is still a student at FIDM earning her degree.’ The actress, who rose to fame as a child star, is best known for her roles in films like She’s The Man, Hairspray, and What A Girl Wants. Her last role was in Easy A in 2010. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Amanda Bynes for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Bynes’ conservatorship is extended for another two years as lawyer claims it could terminate sooner 