Maksim Chmerkovskiy became emotional as he opened up about his experiences in Ukraine, amid Russia’s full-scale invasion. Russia launched airstrikes across the country in the early hours of this morning, with President Vladimir Putin warning world leaders that they will ‘face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere. Taking to Instagram, the Dancing With The Stars pro – who is currently in Kyiv – shared videos as he looked out across the capital from a balcony, while sirens could be heard ringing out around him. ‘I’m here, I’m in Kyiv, contrary to what I probably should’ve done a while ago but again, everybody has sources and resources and I have mine. I trust my sources and no one saw this coming,’ the 42-year-old told concerned fans in one video. ‘Not that no one saw this coming, but everybody was hoping that the finality of this situation would be averted, that there’s not going to be this kind of aggression and these kind of aggressive measures.’ In a second Instagram video, Maks – who is married to fellow Dancing With The Stars professional Peta Murgatroyd – teared up as he panned his camera to show his view of Kyiv, with sirens blaring below. His voice broke as he continued: ‘Honestly, I’m getting really emotional, it’s been a little difficult. You know me, I stay strong and I don’t show it. ‘But I want to go back home. And I realize that I have the way to. I realize that I have a different passport, and my family is far away. What I’m realising is that my friends, whose kids are here and whose moms and dads are here, they can’t just escape.’ The dad-of-one – who shares son Shai with his co-star – explained that he is ‘about to go into a bomb shelter because s**t is going down,’ and insisted that ‘this is not the way we do things’. ‘I’m uneasy, I’m very scared, words are… I don’t know what words to use but I do know that at the very least, I have a chance. I have a passport and a way out. A lot of people here do not, and it’s f**king nonsense. ‘I love Ukraine and I had a f**king incredible pleasure to spend, on the ground, about six months now, and I’ve fell back in love. I never fell out of love, but I know now who these people are. I know who this country is, what it represents, what it stands for. ‘And it’s completely not what is being portrayed to the Russian people in order to justify this invasion.’ ‘I’m gonna do my best to try and keep you informed. I’m not a journalist, I have absolutely no reason to do this other than I just want an opinion of someone else, because news is crazy and the reports have been insane,’ he added. ‘Love you all.’ Troops from Russia crossed the Crimea border into Ukraine earlier today, after President Vladimir Putin gave the order for his invasion to begin. Prime Minister Boris Johnson has now unveiled severe sanctions against Russian banks, oligarchs and companies following the invasion. In a fierce attack in Commons, he announced: ‘Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands. ‘Although the UK and our allies tried every avenue for diplomacy until the final hour, I am driven to conclude that Putin was always determined to attack his neighbour, no matter what we did. ‘Now we see him for what he is – a bloodstained aggressor who believes in imperial conquest.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 