Tottenham boss Antonio Conte has apologised for his outburst after Wednesday’s defeat to Burnley and insists he remains committed to the north London club despite questioning his future. The notoriously volatile Italian was seething following Spurs’ 1-0 loss at Turf Moor which severely damaged his side’s hopes of a top-four finish and effectively cancelled out their brilliant 3-2 victory at Manchester City a few days earlier. Conte – who has overseen four defeats in his last five games – suggested he was at a loss to change the mentality within the squad he inherited, saying ‘if the problem is the coach then I’m ready to go.’ But, after taking time to reflect on the defeat and speak to chairman Daniel Levy, he has now given a more measured response, blaming his remarks on being a bad loser, and insists he was never seriously considering resigning. Speaking at a press conference on Friday ahead of facing Leeds United, Conte said: ‘It’s many, many times that I’m repeating the same things, that we need time, that we need patience. ‘The club is the first to know what is our real situation, and the club confirmed to me that they know the reality. The club is very happy about my work, about what we are doing with my staff, the changes which we’ve brought in these four months in the club, in the training ground, in this environment. ‘I’m think – I’m sure – the club appreciates a lot what we are doing. But the problem is I’m a perfectionist. I know very well my work, and the improvement that my work will bring in the future. ‘But at the same time I’m a person that wants to reach success quickly and when I lose… I don’t stay so happy! I think maybe being this way helped me to have success in my career, before as a player and then as a coach.’ He continued: ‘When I lose a game, I’m not the person to go to have dinner with, you understand? I’m not the right person [for that] because when I lose a game my mood is very bad and I prefer to stay alone and metabolise the defeat. For sure I need one day to recover at least. ‘But this is me, you understand. It’s me. I don’t like to lose. If you ask me what I hate in life, it’s to lose games. My mentality to prepare myself, to prepare my players, my team, is to avoid this type of situation because I suffer. ‘When I lose, if you expect that I’m happy, or to come and have a press conference to laugh, no, I’m not this person. Sometimes also I show my disappointment. I’m sorry if I show this because I think maybe it’s good to keep this inside and don’t transfer my emotion. ‘But I’m an honest person and for me it’s very difficult to lie or hide the truth. For this reason sometimes after a loss my mood is not top. Sorry for this but I’m this way.’ He added: ‘I am enjoying my time in Tottenham, and I’m showing that I’m enjoying this time in Tottenham especially when I show my disappointment after a defeat because it shows that I feel this commitment for this club. I want to leave something important for this club.’ Confirming he had spoken to Levy, Conte continued: ‘Yeah, I spoke with Daniel. But sometimes I don’t like that I see that someone tried to create a problem between me and the club because this is not true. Believe me, this is not true. ‘Our chairman knows very well that I’m here to help the club in every moment and will help the club until the end. This is the reality and he knows this, he knows that we are working very hard and he has great consideration about my job, about the job of my staff. ‘We speak. And I repeat, I want to help the club in every aspect, also with my vision, with my ideas, my ideas about football and for improvement. I repeat, no problem. ‘He shows me great consideration every day and for this reason I am committed for this club much more because I know the consideration from the club about myself is very, very high.’ MORE : Antonio Conte opens door to Tottenham exit after Burnley defeat MORE : ‘Almost resigning’ – Tim Sherwood fears Antonio Conte could quit Tottenham after ‘alarming’ comments For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 