Boots will begin sales of lateral flow tests from tomorrow as ministers are warned people may soon face a choice between ‘eating or heating or paying for a test’. Customers will be able to buy individual lateral flow tests for £5.99 or pay £17 for a pack of four, including delivery, from the high street chain – even though swabs cost pennies to be manufactured abroad. It comes after Boris Johnson announced the end of free testing as part of his ‘living with Covid’ strategy, arguing it is time to rely on a ‘sense of responsibility towards one another’. The price of an individual swab at Boots will be brought down to £2.50 by the time the free testing scheme is axed in April. These tests will also be available online and in-store, alongside a bundle for two tests at £4.75 and four tests at £9.50. The government was pressed in the Lords today to reveal how much people will be expected to pay for swabs from April 1. Labour front bench peer Baroness Smith of Basildon said: ‘Most people want to do the right thing, but will struggle with on one hand guidance about the need to self-isolate if possible, but on the other pressures either financial or through an employer forcing them to work. ‘What about those working with the most vulnerable people? In the statement Mr Johnson merely offered the government was working with retailers to supply tests. ‘So can they shed further light on this? Including whether reports of £3 per each individual test is accurate and whether the price will be fixed?’ From next month, only the oldest age groups and those most vulnerable to the virus will continue to receive free symptomatic tests, while social care staff will be getting further details after March 31. Liberal Democrat leader Lord Newby criticised the PM’s ‘lack of self-awareness’ in easing Covid-19 rules after allegedly breaking them at Downing Street parties. He added: ‘If faced with eating or heating or paying for a Covid-19 test, it is pretty obvious what is going to be the lowest priority. ‘So we have real concerns about getting rid of free testing, especially for those who are either vulnerable or have family who are vulnerable.’ In response to criticism, Lords leader Baroness Evans of Bowes Park said that while retailers will be setting the price, the government will ensure the private market is ‘properly regulated’. This would include monitoring prices charged, and working with UK companies in developing lateral flow tests. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.