Arsenal legend Thierry Henry has questioned Chelsea’s move for Romelu Lukaku after Thomas Tuchel dropped the club-record signing. Belgium striker Lukaku has endured an underwhelming season at Stamford Bridge, scoring just five goals in 17 Premier League games since returning to west London last summer. Lukaku was particularly ineffective in Saturday’s 1-0 win over Crystal Palace – managing just seven touches across the whole match – and he was benched for Tuesday’s Tuesday’s Champions League last-16 clash with Lille. Blues boss Tuchel insisted Lukaku was rested rather than dropped but the decision still proved controversial, with Eniola Aluko among those to criticise Tuchel’s move. Asked for his take on Lukaku’s struggles at Chelsea, former Arsenal and France striker Henry told CBS: ‘Right from the start I raised a question to myself, would he fit into this team? ‘As a coach when you go and get Lukaku, you will have to make him adapt to how you play, or you change your way to suit him. I didn’t think that would happen. ‘For Rom to adapt to the way Chelsea play, it takes time, it’s not an easy one. ‘Is it normal that he only has seven touches [against Crystal Palace]? No, that’s also not normal, regardless if the coach likes you or not. That shouldn’t happen. ‘They need to move forward on that but it’s a tough one to read. I’ll be honest with you, I don’t know how that happens in 90 minutes. But what’s the solution? ‘The solution is for him to find a solution to make sure he can adapt to the way they play. ‘They like to press, to be active and to change the front three. He likes to stay in the middle so it makes it very difficult for him to adapt to the situation. ‘But again, why did you go and get him?’ Chelsea more than coped with Lukaku’s absence on Tuesday night, with Kai Havertz’s early header and Christian Pulisic’s second-half goal earning the Blues a comfortable 2-0 win over Lille. Tuchel’s side will travel to France on March 16 for the second leg as they look to progress to the quarter-finals of the Champions League and ultimately defend their European crown. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 