Ukrainians woke up to the news their country was being invaded by Russia this morning after Vladimir Putin gave the order for an assault to begin. Key targets across the country have been hit by missile strikes, with large explosions heard before dawn in Kyiv, Kharkiv and Odesa. Air raid sirens have sounded across the country – including in the capital of Kyiv, where traffic jams have formed on routes out of the city as people attempt to flee. Ukraine’s border guard said it was under attack ‘with the use of artillery, heavy equipment and firearms’ in the regions of Luhansk, Sumy, Kharkiv, Chernihiv and Zhytomyr. President Volodymyr Zelensky declared martial law, saying Russia has targeted Ukraine’s military infrastructure. Anton Gerashchenko, an adviser to Ukraine’s interior minister, said on Facebook that the Russian military had launched missile strikes on Ukrainian military command facilities, air bases and military depots in Kyiv, Kharkiv and Dnipro. The Russian military claimed to have incapacitated all of Ukraine’s air defences and air bases within hours of the invasion beginning, while Ukraine claimed to have shot down Russian aircraft. Neither claim could be immediately verified. The Russian Defence Ministry said it was not targeting cities, but using precision weapons and claimed that ‘there is no threat to civilian population’. The strikes took place under the cover of the darkness, while many Ukrainians were still asleep. Now, in the light of day, the damage done by the initial blasts has been revealed with images of targets showing collapsed buildings, twisted metal and debris. Where an apartment block was hit, firefighters could be seen trying to put out flames while people were helped from the collapsed building. Ukrainians who have long braced for the prospect of an attack, while never knowing precisely when it would come, have been urged not to panic. In Kyiv, mayor Vitaly Klitschko advised residents to stay at home unless they are involved in critical work and urged them to prepare ‘go-bags’ with necessities and documents in case they need to evacuate. Some have already started to leave. ‘We are facing a war and horror. What could be worse?’ Liudmila Gireyeva from Kyiv said. The 64-year-old said she planned to head to the western city of Lviv and then to try to move to Poland to join her daughter. The consequences of the conflict could reverberate throughout the world, upending geopolitical dynamics in Europe as well as affecting energy supplies and pushing up household bills in the UK. Nato secretary-general Jen Stoltenberg issued a statement today condemning ‘Russia’s reckless and unprovoked attack on Ukraine, which puts at risk countless civilian lives’. ‘Once again, despite our repeated warnings and tireless efforts to engage in diplomacy, Russia has chosen the path of aggression against a sovereign and independent country,’ he added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.