Communication is key. We know this, because the phrase is ubiquitous when it comes to relationship issues, be it with your friends, colleagues, family or a partner. But, sometimes life takes over and, in the midst of it all, communication falls by the wayside. Over time, this can lead to resentment, frustration and a sense of disconnect in the relationship – especially a romantic one. ‘When they’re feeling pressured, challenged or stressed, people will leak their truth all the time,’ senior therapist and relationship specialist Sally Baker tells Metro.co.uk. ‘These feelings and emotions might even come out in unhelpful ways because of just how someone is trying to mentally process what they’re coping with. ‘They might be short-tempered, for example, or they might be abrupt, or angry.’ When we only talk about our feelings in moments of frustration, arguments are quick to take precedence, rather than open and non-judgemental dialogue. Luckily, there’s an antidote – a super simple, therapist-approved communication technique that won’t take up a chunk of your day. The five-minute check-in is, well, exactly that: five minutes of uninterrupted talking time each, once a day. ‘This allows adults a time and an opportunity to check in regularly, so that problems or challenges aren’t allowed to grow exponentially,’ explains Baker. ‘This is an obligation to bear witness to how your partner is feeling,’ says Baker. ‘And a time for them to feel properly heard.’ When it comes to mutual, open, judgement-free communication, the benefits can’t be overstated. ‘The five-minute check-in puts on the agenda that you are both open and willing to discuss wider issues that might be affecting you externally, as well as those that could have an impact on the relationship,’ says Baker. It also creates a space for regular mutual communication and conversation and cements it into your routine – something that can take a lot of work – and helps you feel more in tune with your partner’s moods and stressors. The fact that it’s a mutual chat also takes away the pressure when one person is feeling particularly overwhelmed or stressed. Importantly, though, the five-minute check-in builds intimacy. ‘It builds trust and intimacy and lets each person feel validated and heard,’ says Baker. ‘You can’t feel intimate with someone when you don’t know what’s happening in their world. ‘You might think you can, but in a mid- to long-term relationship, you need to know where they’re at.’ And what could be sexier than that? Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How your co-workers are affecting your relationship (and vice versa) MORE : How to talk about and protect your money at every stage of your relationship MORE : ‘I feel so lonely and invisible in my relationship – does he even care?’