Sally Dynevor has become the latest celebrity to be eliminated from Dancing On Ice 2022. The Coronation Street actress was booted from the competition by all four judges after losing a skate-off to Kye Whyte and Tippy Packard. Speaking to presenters Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield after the pannel had delivered their verdict, Sally enthused: ‘I have had the time of my life, I can’t tell you how much I’ve loved doing the show, it’s been brilliant.’ She also thanked all those who have supported her during the show, including her professional partner Matt Evers. ‘And Matt, honestly, I couldn’t have got through this without you,’ she added. ‘You’ve been such a strength to me and I’ve loved every second with you and I’m going to miss you so much. We’ll stay friends.’ In the live show, Kye picked up a score of 34.5 for his schoolboy-themed routine to Mess Around by Ray Charles with his partner Tippy, which featured them dancing on desks. Sally’s exit comes after she brought a piece of the cobbles to Dancing On Ice by featuring fellow Coronation Street star Antony Cotton in her routine. The actress, 58, scored 25.5 for her sequence with Matt to You Make Me Feel (Mighty Real) by Sylvester, which opened in a recreation of Audrey’s salon from the beloved soap opera. After her routine, she said: ‘It was wonderful to have Antony, and this week we said we were just going to have a lot of fun and try and make people smile, and I hope that’s what came across.’ Sally followed Happy Monday’s star Bez out of the competition after he was eliminated from the show last week. Elsewhere in this evening’s episode, Strictly Come Dancing professional Brendan Cole achieved the highest score of the night after receiving a perfect 40 for his performance which saw him dance as ‘rain’ poured down on him on the ice rink. He got the top mark for his routine to Falling by Harry Styles which incorporated an umbrella and also featured ambitious dance moves including a ‘death spiral’ and a trio of rotating lifts. Dancing On Ice airs Sundays at 6.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 