Mark Lanegan, frontman of the band Screaming Trees and former member of Queens of the Stone Age, has died at the age of 57. His death was confirmed on Twitter, with a statement reading: ‘Our beloved friend Mark Lanegan passed away this morning at his home in Killarney, Ireland. ‘A beloved singer, songwriter, author and musician he was 57 and is survived by his wife Shelley.  No other information is available at this time. We ask Please respect the family privacy.’ Lanegan’s career began in 1984, when he founded psychedelic grunge band Screaming Trees. The band released seven studio albums before splitting in 2000. The musician went on to become a collaborator for Queens of the Stone Age, featuring on their albums  Rated R, Songs for the Deaf, Lullabies to Paralyze, Era Vulgaris, and …Like Clockwork. Lanegan was also an accomplished solo artist and, throughout his career, worked with stars including Kurt Cobain,  Layne Staley of Alice in Chains and Mike McCready of Pearl Jam. Tributes have poured in for the late star, with Rob Delaney writing: ‘I love you Mark Lanegan. A colossal, spectacular body of work.’ Co-founder of rock bands Joy Division and New Order Peter Hook has described Mark Lanegan as a ‘lovely man’ who led a ‘wild life’ following his death at the age of 57. Peter shared a black and white photo to Twitter and wrote: ‘Mark Lanegan was a lovely man. He led a wild life that some of us could only dream of. ‘He leaves us with fantastic words and music! Thank god that through all of that he will live forever. RIP Mark. Sleep well. Love Hooky. X’ Musician Tim Burgess writing: ‘Oh no. Terrible news that Mark Lanegan has left us. Safe travels man – you’ll be missed.’ Music duo Sleaford Mods added: ‘Mark Lanegan rest easy mate. A real singer.’ Record label Light in the Attic said: ‘Incredibly shattered hearing the news that one of the truly great singers and songwriters, Mark Lanegan, has just passed. What a voice. Speechless.’ Lanegan is survived by his wife Shelley Brien. In 2020, the pair moved from Los Angeles to County Kerry, Ireland. MORE : Michael Buble’s wife Luisana Lopilato pregnant with fourth child as she unveils baby bump in his new I’ll Never Not Love You music video MORE : SBTV founder and music pioneer Jamal Edwards dies aged 31 