Peaky Blinders favourite Helen McCrory will be kept alive by star Sophie Rundle as her character Ada takes on a more senior role in the Shelby family in season 6. The sixth and final season of the hit BBC series finally comes back to the small screen tonight, more than two years after that epic cliffhanger aired. However, one person whose absence will be felt by viewers this time around is Aunt Polly, who was the true head of the Shelby family in the previous five seasons. Actress Helen McCrory, who played the formidable matriarch in the series, died last year aged 52 after a private illness with cancer. Fans were devastated by the loss of the actress and have wondered how the show would address the character’s absence, whilst also keeping her legacy going. Viewers will have to wait until tonight to see exactly how this is done, but costume designer Alison McCosh sat down with Metro.co.uk prior to the series and shared how Aunt Polly will still be very present in the finale. Aunt Polly was known for her incredible style, with the clothes and accessories she wore an integral part of showing off her character’s personality. Reflecting on the meaning behind her looks from last season, Alison explained to us: ‘In season five, we really wanted to make our mark with Polly. We really felt that the script really led to that and we discussed at the start [before season six], that we could push her even further.’ Costumes for Aunt Polly to wear in the final season had already been started on prior to the pandemic, as filming was originally due to commence in March 2020. Alison told us: ’It was really difficult because [Helen] was one that I had started [designing costumes for] very early on. Helen loved her costume fittings, I loved the fittings with her. They were exciting and engaging. ‘It was hard because I didn’t want to let her go. I didn’t want to let Polly go.’ She then decided to speak to Sophie, pitching the idea of Ada stepping into Polly’s position as the family matriarch through her clothes as well as her character’s story arc. ‘I said, “I think it would be really interesting that Ada would want to step in and step off into Polly’s shoes, use some of these pieces that I’ve created and designed for Polly if we can have Ada wear them, I think it would be really interesting visually to show that, [Ada] trying to step into Polly’s shoes.” ‘So we did that, Sophie loved that idea and that was a way for me to have Polly move on through Ada,’ Alison noted. The creative detailed how Sophie found the process ‘really emotional,’ adding: ‘Sophie had just had her baby and I had gone to Sophie at her home after we discussed it over the phone as I chose the pieces to bring to her. ‘It was quite emotional, but also, it felt right and so we decided to do that. ‘Sophie loved it.’ The actress felt using the visual identity helped her ‘move forward’ with Ada, who has to step up in a big way for season six. Chatting to Metro.co.uk separately, Sophie had previously explained she hoped Helen would be ‘proud’ of the finale. She said of Helen’s death: ‘It was horrible and we were all devastated. I think that everybody felt that, whether you’d ever met her or not whether you’d work with her or not, I think the whole nation felt that it was devastating. It was too soon. ‘She was such an intrinsic part of the show, as Helen and Aunt Pol and everything felt very off-kilter not having her there, so you can imagine it was just horrible.’ Sophie shared how her absence really cemented the fact ‘Helen made Peaky what it is,’ adding: ‘Aunt Pol was just the heart of it – she’s certainly not forgotten and she certainly remains the sort of beating heart of that show, I think.’ In terms of how important it was to pay tribute to the character – and actress – she said: ‘I don’t know how you could ever pay tribute to someone as amazing as her but I hope we’ve done so enough, you know, while keeping the story going, and I hope it’s enough. It’s a really tricky thing. ‘I can’t overstate enough how much a part of the show she was, Helen elevated it into what it became – without her, it wouldn’t have been the same.’ She concluded: ‘I hope we’ve done her proud.’ Helen loved picking out items for her character to wear and paid a huge amount of attention to detail when it came to putting pieces together. Of Helen, Alison added: ‘She would go into the jewellery and the finding rooms and would often come out with little things that she would want to use as part of a costume or we use it as inspiration, especially parts for her hat, or a detail of the jewellery, or something like that, and we would use it as part of the costume. ‘She’d like to go in and find her own pieces, I loved that part. Because again, it’s the hunt and it’s the treasure and what she finds would be drawing her to that piece for her character that I always find interesting – it was very much a collaboration.’ Alison later addressed some of the other costume changes we might see, as the roles and responsibilities in the Shelby family are given a further shake-up. With Tommy moving further up into the political sphere, there’s a slight change in some of his clothing, which will be shown in a ‘very subtle’ way. ‘It’s minimal with him. It is very subtle, very, very subtle. I think you can see that it’s very subtle, but you can see it. ‘There are no massive changes, for example, in season six, Tommy’s coat. If you look at the lining, it’s a paisley and a deeper red this season. A different shade than it was before. But again, it’s marginal and subtle,’ Alison remarked. Viewers might not be surprised to hear it’s an item of clothing from the Shelby gang leader himself which is the most valuable – his coats. Several are made each season, with Alison not even wanting to reveal exactly how expensive they are. ‘I don’t even want to say!’ she teased. ‘Ronnie Johnston is a fantastic tailor. He takes great care. They’re kind of wrapped in these muslin bags… they have a little separate part on the trailer, so they’re really taking well care of. ‘The fabric is so beautiful. It is a cashmere, quite incredible. So they are quite expensive. The shirts that we made, the fabrications, they’re quite costly. They can cost a couple of 1000 [pounds] to make, the coat is a lot more!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peaky Blinders star Harry Kirton admits reluctance to return as Finn Shelby in film: ‘I don’t want to be pigeonholed’ MORE : Peaky Blinders season 6: Sophie Rundle absolutely petrified of ruining ‘brilliant’ ending 