Vladimir Putin has called on the Ukrainian army to overthrow its government as his forces approached the capital city Kyiv. The Russian leader has finally revealed his true motive for invading his southern neighbour in a chilling televised address. In baseless claims, Putin urged Ukraine’s army to revolt against the ‘druggies and neo-Nazis’ in Kyiv who he said without evidence are holding the Ukrainian people ‘hostage’. He also repeated earlier slurs against the Ukrainian government, saying  it was a bandit cabal responsible for committing genocide against ethnic Russians in the disputed Donbass region in the east of the country. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Take power into your own hands, it will be easier for us to reach agreement,’ Putin said in an opening video statement before a meeting of the Russian Security Council on Friday afternoon. ‘Neo-Nazis’ is regularly used by Putin to deride Ukraine’s democratically-elected government. Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, who is Jewish, has dismissed the term. Until now, the autocratic leader had not said what his plans for Ukraine are. He claimed he ordered the invasion over the western refusal to heed Russia’s demand to keep Ukraine out of Nato. But US and Ukrainian said they believe Russia aims to capture Kyiv, the capital city, and topple the pro-western government, which Putin regards as a puppet of the United States. Many suspect Putin is seeking to re-draw the world map and revive Russia’s Cold War-era influence by invading Ukraine, fuelling fears of a wider war in Europe. Ukraine’s President said last night that he had received intelligence he was being being hunted down by Russian forces who want to abduct him and his family and ‘destroy Ukraine politically’. Later he released a released a self-shot video from central Kyiv vowing alongside key aides to stay and defend the capital against the Russian invasion of his country. Putin’s call for his removal came after he proposed to hold peace talks with the Ukrainian leadership mediated by Belarus, an ally of Russia. However, the Kremlin later said the outlook looked uncertain due to differences over the location. Belarus served as a launchpad for the Russian assault on Kyiv. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said Ukrainian officials were unwilling to travel to the capital, Minsk, and would prefer to meet in Nato member Poland – halting the prospect of talks. The diplomatic stalemate comes amid an intense battle for control of Kyiv. Explosions rang out before dawn and gunfire was heard in several areas near government buildings on Friday. Intense fire broke out on a bridge across the Dnipro River dividing the eastern and western sides of the capital, with about 200 Ukrainian forces establishing defensive positions and taking shelter behind their tanks and later under the bridge. It was unclear how much of the country is under Ukrainian control and how much Russian forces have seized as of Friday night. Russia’s military says it has seized a strategic airport outside the capital which would allow it to quickly build up forces to take the city. It claimed to have already cut the city off from the west – the direction most of those escaping the invasion are heading in, with lines of cars snaking towards the Polish border. The UK’s Ministry of Defence, however, said that the bulk of Russian forces are still approximately 50km away from the city centre, while one US defence official said Moscow is ‘losing momentum’. Meanwhile, Ukraine claims to have killed over 1,000 Russian soldiers. Ukrainian authorities said they used armoured vehicles and snowploughs to defend Kyiv and limit movement. They said Russian spies were seeking to infiltrate the city and called on citizens to take up arms and make Molotov cocktails to defend their homeland. Ukraine says Russian troops are in some northern districts of the capital but that tanks are advancing. It has called on Western powers to introduce tougher sanctions against Russia in a ‘show of solidarity’. A list of steps published by the foreign  ministry on Twitter includes banning Russia from the Swift international payments system and the expulsion of Russian ambassadors worldwide. The UK has been pushing for excluding Russia from Swift, but the west remains divided because it would hurt companies that supply goods to and buy from Russia. Britain and the EU both announced personal sanctions against Putin and his foreign minister Sergei Lavrov on Friday night. Nato also pledged extra troops on its eastern flank. There are fears of a huge humanitarian crisis if the conflict escalates. The UN refugee agency estimates about 100,000 people are already displaced, but believes up to five million could try to flee abroad if fighting intensifies. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 