Waking up to find your property damaged by a storm isn’t a nice feeling, nor is receiving the likely hefty repair bill. Yet it’s also becoming a much more common experience. New research from Compare The Market has found that homeowners are increasingly making claims for weather damage as extreme weather events have become more frequent. So what should you do if your property felt the brunt of Storms Dudley, Eunice or Franklin, or the flash floods? First, identify in what way the property has been damaged. This might sound obvious, but the kind of insurer you need to contact could depend on what type of damage has occurred. If you’re a homeowner, your buildings insurance policy should cover any damage to the building itself. If you rent, then your landlord is responsible for claiming. If the weather has affected your possessions, then it will be your contents insurer, which may be different to your buildings insurer. Once you have inspected the damage, contact your insurer as soon as you can. Don’t forget to take pictures, as photographic evidence may be required. If you are in the niggly situation of having your neighbour’s tree fall into your garden and flattening your fence, you may be able to claim on your own policy or that of your neighbour. It’s unfortunately the case, though, that lots of policies exclude storm damage to fences, gates, hedges and falling trees and if you decide to claim against your neighbour, you will need to prove that they were negligent, which — in the event of strong winds — may prove tricky. You will need to check your policy’s terms and conditions to find out, or speak to the insurer about whether a claim will be possible. Even if you are covered, you may be hesitant about making a claim, particularly if it’s your first time. Yet the cost of repairs in some of the hardest-hit areas may be too high to fund yourself. If your home has become uninhabitable, then most insurers will provide temporary accommodation while repairs are carried out. Whether your insurance will cover you is decided on a case-by-case basis. The extent of damage, how it was caused, the cost of repairs and the level of cover you purchased will all affect an insurer’s decision. Most insurers do cover storm damage to your home, although if your property has been affected by flooding, some damage may be excluded or require an expensive excess if you live in an area deemed high risk. If you’re unsuccessful and you think you’ve been rejected unfairly, complain to your insurer. If it won’t budge, you can take your case to the Financial Ombudsman Service within six months after requesting a formal ‘letter of deadlock’ from the company. With freak weather becoming more common, more of us will probably experience property damage. And while you can’t do much about the weather, there are steps you can take to choose the right insurance policy. Which? has analysed dozens of providers and set out the ones that offer key extreme weather insurance, including trace and access (which covers finding the source of a leak), alternative accommodation if your property has become uninhabitable, and cover for groundwater or burst pipes. Ele Clark is senior money editor at Which?; For more free money-saving tips and consumer rights advice, visit which.co.uk If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : Does house and car insurance cover storm damage? MORE : What the end of the John Lewis ‘Never Knowingly Undersold’ scheme means for you