‘Hidden’ salt in certain types of paracetamol has been linked to an increased risk of heart disease and death, a study has warned. Salt is used in some soluble paracetamol because it encourages the tablet to dissolve in water. But experts have said people may exceed their recommended daily salt intake through a full course of salt-containing paracetamol alone. Now, medics have called for a warning to be put on the packaging of paracetamol. They have also advised that people are prescribed drug formulations with an extremely low amount of salt or none at all. The findings come from a large study looking at data from almost 800 UK GP surgeries which look after 17 million patients collectively. Researchers set out to compare outcomes for people who take sodium-containing soluble, or effervescent paracetamol and those who take salt-free types of the pain relief drug. They tracked people aged between 60 and 90 years old between 2000 and 2017. The international team of researchers tracked 300,000 people for 12-months. Half of them had high blood pressure while the other half did not. The study, published in the European Heart Journal, found the risk of cardiovascular disease was higher among those who took paracetamol with salt in. The researchers found the risk of a heart attack, stroke or heart failure after one year for patients with high blood pressure taking paracetamol with salt in was 5.6%, while it was 4.6% for those taking non-sodium-containing paracetamol. For those who didn’t have high blood pressure, the risk of cardiovascular disease after 12 months was 4.4% among those taking salt-containing paracetamol, compared to 3.7% for those taking paracetamol without salt. Risk of death during the follow-up period was also higher among those taking paracetamol with salt in it. The lead author of the study, Professor Chao Zeng from Central South University in Changsha, China said: ‘People should pay attention not only to salt intake in their food but also not overlook hidden salt intake from the medication in their cabinet.’ He said the study results suggested ‘re-visiting the safety profile’ of effervescent and soluble paracetamol. In a linked editorial, two experts from the George Institute for Global Health, in Australia, wrote: ‘The direct message from this study is clear – there are likely to be millions of people worldwide taking paracetamol on a daily basis in a “fast-acting” effervescent or soluble formulation who are increasing their risks of cardiovascular disease and premature death. ‘In the UK alone, in 2014 there were some 42 million paracetamol-containing medicines prescribed, with a further 200 million packs sold over the counter.  This equates to 6,300 tonnes of paracetamol sold each year in the UK.’ They said while ‘fortunately, only a small proportion of paracetamol formulations contain sodium’ ‘fast-acting’ and ‘fizzy’ medications were increasing in popularity meaning the ‘adverse effects of medication-related sodium intake’ may rise. They also warned there are ‘many more effervescent, dispersible, and soluble medications and vitamin pills that contain large quantities of hidden sodium’. ‘There is an immediate need for protection of consumers against these risks’, the authors added. The researchers estimate that 170 out of every 10,000 adults in the UK use sodium-containing medication. Elderly people and women are more likely to use drugs with salt in them. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.