Now, we don’t want to throw this term around willy nilly, but, we cannot stress this enough, who is the woman in Billie Eilish’s Instagram selfie? Because it sure ain’t Billie. The star has left her fans completely gawping at a recent selfie, which we can only assume is of the bad guy hitmaker, but also, who’s to say? Sharing a photo to her Instagram over the weekend, Billie/imposter Billie was seen posing in a mirror wearing black latex gloves and a cap, tied around her chin, with her black fringe poking out the front after recently dyeing her hair. She appeared to be on a shoot set, or a fitting, with rails of clothing behind her, but enough about the background. Fans were absolutely shaken and stirred by the image, as they flocked to the comments in shock. While we have to say she’s giving total Florence Pugh vibes here, others suggested she looked like Kendall Jenner, another suggested Barbie Ferreira, who plays Kat from Euphoria. And one simply said: ‘It’s not Billie.’ You know what, fair Instagram commenter, we’d believe you. Many others suggested she was filming the music video for Oxytocin, as Euphoria’s Alexa Demie commented with an ‘ooo’ and comedian Whitney Cummings wrote: ‘I bet your pardon? [sic].’ A busy woman, her apparent shoot comes after the star once again halted a show to check on the safety of the audience. Oh, we can hear the smoke coming from Kanye’s ears from here. She was performing at Madison Square Garden in New York City on the weekend when she urged the crowd to ‘sit down’ if they needed to, and take a moment to compose themselves. In footage shared by TMZ, she said: ‘If you want to sit down, you are allowed. Go ahead, sit down, take a breath’, while also asking fans at the front to ‘take a step back and give everybody some room down here’. The incident comes after Billie stopped her show at the State Farm Arena in Atlanta, Georgia earlier this month when she spotted an audience member struggling to breathe and appealed to her crew to get an inhaler for the female fan. After the audience member was helped and Billie resumed the show, she said: ‘I wait for people to be ok until I keep going.’ The remark was seen as a diss at Travis Scott, who continued performing at his Astroworld festival in November when people were being crushed in a crowd surge that left hundreds injured and 10 dead. After her comments, Kanye threatened to pull out of this year’s Coachella Festival – where they are both booked as headliners – if she didn’t apologise to Travis for the apparent swipe. He fumed on Instagram: ‘COME ON BILLIE WE LOVE YOU PLEASE APOLOGIZE TO TRAV AND TO THE FAMILIES OF THE PEOPLE WHO LOST THEIR LIVES. ‘NO ONE INTENDED THIS TO HAPPEN TRAV DIDN’T HAVE ANY IDEA OF WHAT WAS HAPPENING WHEN HE WAS ON STAGE AND WAS VERY HURT BY WHAT HAPPENED AND YES TRAV WILL BE WITH ME AT COACHELLA BUT NOW I NEED BILLIE TO APOLOGIZE BEFORE I PERFORM.(sic)’ But Billie has insisted she has nothing to apologise for, as she commented: ‘literally never said a thing about travis. was just helping a fan. (sic)’ MORE : John Mayer stops concert after spotting fan in distress as Kanye West slams Billie Eilish for doing same thing MORE : Billie Eilish having most casual week as she meets ‘longtime fan’ Joe Biden after Oscar nomination and Brit Award win Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.