Boris Johnson has unveiled a package of the ‘most severe’ sanctions against Russian banks, oligarchs and companies in retaliation to Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine. The Prime Minister said he would ‘exclude Russian banks from the British financial system’ by stopping them from accessing sterling and clearing payments through the UK. Johnson added: ‘These powers will also enable us to ban Russian state and private companies from raising funds in the UK, banning dealing with their securities, and making loans to them. ‘We will limit the amount of money the Russian nationals will be able to deposit in their UK bank accounts.’ Britain had previously imposed a more modest set of sanctions – freezing the assets of five Russian banks and imposing travel bans on three Russian billionaires. Johnson promised more measures were on the way, but critics called for No 10 to take action sooner. Punitive measures unveiled this evening will hit five further oligarchs, including the Russian President’s former son-in-law. They will also tackle more than 100 businesses and individuals. Aeroflot will imminently be banned from touching down planes in the UK, while there will be an asset freeze on all major Russian banks, including immediately against VTB. ‘Putin will stand condemned in the eyes of the world and of history. He will never be able to cleanse the blood of Ukraine from his hands,’ the Prime Minister told the Commons. ‘Although the UK and our allies tried every avenue for diplomacy until the final hour, I am driven to conclude that Putin was always determined to attack his neighbour, no matter what we did. ‘Now we see him for what he is – a bloodstained aggressor who believes in imperial conquest.’ Johnson added: ‘For our part, today the UK is announcing the largest and most severe package of economic sanctions that Russia has ever seen.’ Earlier today the PM warned that the UK and allies would respond with a ‘massive’ package of sanctions in response to Moscow’s attack. He said President Vladimir Putin’s regime would be condemned to ‘pariah status’ after unleashing its ‘tidal wave of violence’ against its western neighbour. Russia launched airstrikes across Ukraine in the early hours of this morning, as troops and tanks crossed the border. Putin has told world leaders they ‘will face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere with his invasion. While NATO will not send forces into Ukraine, which is not a member of the defensive alliance. But it has been bolstering its defences in the neighbouring Baltic states, who wonder if they will be the next victim’s of Putin’s rampage. This leaves sanctions as the main tool the West can use in an attempt to rein Russia in – but whether they will persuade Moscow to change its ways remains to be seen. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.