Caoimhin Kelleher says Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp told him he’d now be part of the club’s history forever following his Carabao Cup final heroics against Chelsea. The Irish goalkeeper put in a performance to remember as Liverpool ran out 11-10 winners on penalties with both sides failing to find the net inside 120 minutes. After both sets of players converted 10 successful penalties each, Kelleher stepped up to score his spot-kick before Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga blasted his effort over. Klopp’s decision to start his No.2 over Allison paid off and the 23-year-old was congratulated by his manager at full-time. ‘It’s a mad one, I thought I’d save one and I didn’t,’ Kelleher said. ‘I got close to a few and when it came down to me I didn’t even think about scoring the winning penalty I forgot I scored the winning one. ‘Listen all the penalties from the lads were class so I was just happy to score. ‘I think it was more hit and hope. ‘I got close to a few but all the penalties were very high quality. ‘He just said well done for scoring the winning penalty. There’s a wall at Liverpool with all the goalies who have won cups so he said now’s your chance you can go on that.’ Klopp was full of praise for his shot-stopper and affirmed plans to have Kelleher’s name go up on the wall at the club’s training ground alongside previous winners. ‘Even in professional football there should be space for some sentiment. Caoimhin Kelleher is a young boy, plays in all the competition, what do I do? I am two things, a professional manager and a human being and the human being won. He deserves it,’ Klopp said. ‘At the training centre we have a wall that all goalkeepers are on who won something and Caoimhin can go on it – that’s how it should be – absolutely great. ‘I am happy for the people to celebrate something like this. Chelsea are incredibly strong, we matched each other. ‘That is the start, we are not silly. We need to have luck – we had luck, that could have been 5-5.’ MORE : Gary Neville questions key Thomas Tuchel decision after Chelsea’s Carabao Cup final defeat to Liverpool MORE : Liverpool win epic Carabao Cup final as Chelsea goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga misses decisive penalty kick For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 