The Batman has finally swooped its way into cinemas with moody new leading bat Robert Pattinson, and it’s a lot to process – both good and bad. Over nearly three hours, director Matt Reeves delivers tension, explosions, noir nods through almost exclusively rainy shots and a whole host of Gotham’s most recognisable characters, performed by an exquisite cast that is by far this film’s best asset. Impressively, the movie doesn’t feel its length nearly as much as it should, with Reeves hanging his and Peter Craig’s screenplay off some pretty decent bones. However, although the film’s pretty relentless pacing means it may not drag, it is still longer than it needs to be. It also highlights the slightly chaotic and messy nature of the movie, not all of which can be put down to the Riddler’s alarming killing spree. One of the most interesting choices Reeves makes is the decision to follow Bruce Wayne/Batman (Pattinson) two years into his career as Gotham’s crime-fighting vigilante detective. It’s not a clichéd origin tale, but it’s still clearly a younger, angier and more vulnerable Batman than we’ve seen before – despite his tough exterior. Pattinson excels as Batman, brooding and menacing where appropriate, as he goes on his vengeance-driven missions. His emo-kid black eye make-up and batsuit bovver boots work with the vibe of this more raw character, and the actor amply fills out the iconic suit (and don’t worry, that jawline measures up too). Bruce Wayne, however, feels a little less anchored than Batman, with all of his character growth (not that there’s much of it) confined to one emotional scene with butler Alfred. As Alfred, Andy Serkis is also under-used and under-developed, as though some of the scenes that would add more meat to the Wayne storyline were hacked out, along with most of his purpose. The Batman does, however, give plenty of room for Selina Kyle, aka Catwoman, as a worthy friend/rival/flirt for Batman. Zoë Kravitz sizzles on screen, so vibrantly that she could basically have ample chemistry by herself, but she and Pattinson are an excellent pairing who seem to enjoy exploring the complexities of their characters’ tense if vague relationship. It certainly helps that Kravitz switches between vulnerability and kick-ass on a dime, keeping Batman on his toes. Bar the misstep with Serkis, The Batman’s casting is exciting, flying under the radar of obvious – even if it can’t find enough for everyone to do. Jeffrey Wright is an exception to that rule, as a character elevated to a more central role than previous films through his interesting (if rather unexplained) association with the caped crusader. The Batman also devotes time to exploring an intriguing hostile reaction to the outside hero-cum-detective by Gotham’s police force, with many of them regarding Batman as a ‘freak’, which is a pretty realistic reaction when you have a six-foot-plus man in an armed, high-tech suit, swishy cape and mask constantly in your precinct. Colin Farrell, despite all the hoo-ha surrounding his incredible make-up as the paunchy Oswald Cobblepot, aka Penguin, is great, but barely out of the shadows and could have been given a lot more. This reveals one of the film’s problems: too many villains, too little time. Alongside Penguin, there’s also the real big bad of mob boss Carmine Falcone, as John Turturro channels quiet and unassuming in the part, but with the correct level of intimidation that confirms he would break your neck without a second’s hesitation. Both of these eat into the Riddler’s time a bit as the supposed central antagonist, although Paul Dano gives a reliably effective performance as the unhinged serial killer. His character also adds shades of grey as he looks to weed out corruption with his targets. The film has fun too, feeding his temper-tantrum incel vibes with the seedy underbelly of the internet, as he shares his videos on social media like a deranged influencer (which he basically is). However, the movie’s most egregious downside is the clunky dialogue it dumps on its cast, whose excellent performances often shield just how awkward it is. The naff script is rather at odds with the rest of the film’s cool vibe, although at least as a hero of few words when wearing his cowl, Pattinson is saved from the worst of it. In fact, The Batman’s impressive and plentiful action sequences also ensure our ears aren’t offended in chunks of any great length of time. Despite The Batman’s flaws and the fact a fair amount of old ground is covered, Reeves and Pattinson do offer something new and quite exciting with their interpretation of the DC superhero. Die-hard fans will have plenty to chew over, while more casual viewers can admire the exceptional cast and the characters they bring to life once more. It’s not perfect but it’s punchy, committed to its vision and introduces a brand-new take on Batman primed for future instalments. The Batman is out in cinemas on Friday, March 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Batman casting director reveals wild measures movie bosses took to keep cast and script secret MORE : Riddler star Paul Dano on ‘incredible’ Batman fan art and the power of the DC fandom 