The Queen has cancelled virtual engagements due to take place today while she is still suffering from Covid symptoms. Buckingham Palace said that she is currently experiencing an illness similar to a mild cold. A spokesman said: ‘As Her Majesty is still experiencing mild cold-like symptoms she has decided not to undertake her planned virtual engagements today, but will continue with light duties.’ It is understood further engagements over the coming week will be decided upon nearer the time. The monarch, 95, tested positive for the virus on Sunday. She had continued working, issuing a message of condolence to the Brazilian president over flooding in his country while self-isolating at Windsor Castle on Monday. The Queen celebrated her Platinum Jubilee of 70 years on the throne on February 6. Concern for the nation’s longest-reigning sovereign is high given her age, her Covid diagnosis and recent health scare. She is believed to be triple vaccinated but until recently had been on doctors’ orders to rest and only undertake light duties since mid-October. She cancelled a run of major engagements, and also secretly spent a night in hospital on October 20 undergoing preliminary tests. The Queen is due to speak to Boris Johnson by telephone tomorrow for their weekly audience, and is also likely to have other planned virtual audiences in the diary. But these are now likely to be under review, as will the major engagement the Queen has next week. She is set to host the Diplomatic Reception on March 2, where she will meet hundreds of members of the Diplomatic Corps at Windsor. The Queen is also due to attend the Commonwealth Service at Westminster Abbey on March 14 and then the Duke of Edinburgh’s memorial service, also at the Abbey, on March 29. Her doctors will be keeping a close eye on the head of state and monitoring her progress, with Professor Sir Huw Thomas, head of the Medical Household and Physician to the Queen, expected to be in charge. She uses a walking stick and has spoken of her mobility issues in recent months, telling two senior military officers during a Windsor Castle audience: ‘Well, as you can see, I can’t move.’ The Queen, whose husband, the Duke of Edinburgh, died in April, spent much of the pandemic in the safety of the Berkshire royal residence, protected in ‘HMS Bubble’, the nickname given to her reduced household of dedicated staff. She avoided contracting Covid throughout the pandemic until now. National celebrations for her Platinum Jubilee are set for June, in honour of her decades of royal service. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.