More than 500,000 people have fled Ukraine in the five days since Russian troops invaded. The UN’s refugee agency announced the devastating number this morning as talks between diplomats begin at the Belarus border. The latest and still growing count said 281,000 people have entered Poland, while more than 84,500 have gone to Hungary. There are around 36,400 people in Moldova, over 32,500 in Romania and about 30,000 in Slovakia, UNHCR spokeswoman Shabia Mantoo said. Other groups are scattered in other unidentified countries. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It comes as heartbreaking pictures show Ukrainian families gathered at rammed train stations in desperate attempts to escape Vladimir Putin’s forces. The talks between Ukraine and Russia today will focus on achieving an immediate ceasefire and the withdrawal of forces, the Ukrainian presidency said in a statement. But Putin’s sincerity is doubted and it’s feared the onslaught – which has already killed 352 Ukrainian civilians – will continue. The attack risks displacing ‘over seven million people’, the EU has warned. ‘We are witnessing what could become the largest humanitarian crisis on our European continent in many, many years’, Janez Lenarcic, the EU commissioner for crisis management, said on Sunday. The Russian president ordered his nuclear forces on high alert on Sunday in response to sanctions and so-called ‘aggressive statements’ by Nato countries. ‘Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the minister of Defence and the chief of the general staff [of the Russian armed forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’, Putin said in televised comments. ‘Western countries aren’t only taking unfriendly actions against our country in the economic sphere, but top officials from leading NATO members made aggressive statements regarding our country.’ The move has been labelled as a ‘big attempt to distract away from his troubles in Ukraine’ by the UK defence secretary. But Ben Wallace did not rule out Putin launching a nuclear attack when asked on Sky News whether the Kremlin leader was ‘crazy enough’ to do this. ‘I think he has certainly done a lot of irrational things recently’, he said. ‘I think I’m not going to speculate on what he would or wouldn’t do, but that’s why we all keep our deterrents at a state of readiness in the West.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.