Channel 4 has confirmed a Scottish family will be joining the Gogglebox cast after a hunt to find cast members north of the border. After nearly a decade on screen, 18 series and numerous families and sofas, this will be the first Scottish household appearing on the programme since the Manuels from Glasgow in 2016. Filling the gap, couple Roisin and Joe, also from Glasgow, have been unveiled as Gogglebox’s newest Scottish cast members. The pair, aged 23 and 25, have been together for four years and live at Joe’s family home, having moved in together at the start of lockdown. They join after Channel 4 launched a dedicated casting team to find Scots to star in the popular TV show, after it faced scrutiny over its lack of cast members from north of the border. According to Channel 4, Gogglebox newcomer Roisin loves shopping, getting dressed up and socialising with her friends. Joe, meanwhile, enjoys playing video games, making pizza and spending time with Roisin. During a Scottish Affairs Committee session in the Commons last September, Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross told Channel 4 bosses there had not been a Scottish family on the programme since 2016. Channel 4’s chief executive Alex Mahon later wrote to MPs confirming the broadcaster had agreed a separate budget for a dedicated team to find Scots to appear on the show. Pete Wishart MP, chairman of the Scottish Affairs Committee at Westminster, celebrated the move to involve a dedicated casting team, saying: ‘Channel 4 has impressive credentials for supporting independent producers and offering opportunities for young people wishing to explore the sector. ‘We are bursting at the seams with talent in Scotland, and I am pleased to hear Channel 4’s efforts to harness this potential.’ He added he was ‘pleased to see a dedicated team tasked with this and look forward to seeing the successful family on our screens in the new series.’ Roisin and Joe will be making their debut as armchair critics tonight, watching programmes such as Love Is Blind, Starstruck, First Dates and BBC News. Gogglebox continues tonight at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox star Pete Sandiford opens up on gatecrasher on first date with wife Paige: ‘It got quite awkward’ MORE : Who are the new family on Gogglebox as Channel 4 show returns for a new series? 