A mum has revealed how she conceived her two daughters just five days apart, after falling pregnant when she was already pregnant. Odalis and Antonio Martinez were thrilled when they found out they were expecting a baby due in November 2020, after going through a miscarriage a few months earlier. But 25-year-old Odalis was in for a surprise at her first scan. It was revealed during her appointment that she was expecting not one, but two babies, who were conceived at different times during the same week. The rare phenomenon, known as superfetation, is when a second, new pregnancy occurs during the initial one – usually days or weeks after the first conception. Odalis says it’s a ‘miracle’ to have their daughters, Lilo and Imelda, but adds that the pair look very similar – which can cause confusion. The mum, from California, says: ‘I got pregnant while I was already pregnant. ‘I just say that they’re twins but after reading a lot of articles I know that they’re technically not twins but it’s just confusing for people so I just tell them like “yeah, they’re twins.” ‘They’re technically not even identical but everyone thinks that they are. They definitely look a lot alike. ‘Sometimes me and my husband, well more my husband, will get them mixed up with each other. ‘I usually don’t get them mixed up anymore, just because I’m with them 24/7 so I feel like I can tell them apart pretty easily, but a lot of people get them mixed up.’ Odalis and Antonio previously fell pregnant in 2020 – but at the 12-week check up in July, the pair discovered they had miscarried. So they were thrilled to find out they were pregnant again that same month. Odalis adds: ‘I was extremely happy that the pregnancy test was positive and we were on our pregnancy journey again. ‘I felt really lucky. I know a lot of people that have been trying to conceive and just haven’t been able to so that was also a fear of mine but thankfully that wasn’t our case and I fell pregnant really quickly. ‘I felt really really happy and also scared because of the miscarriage. It was pretty terrifying throughout my whole pregnancy not knowing if that was going to be the outcome again. ‘Hoping for the best but knowing there’s always a possibility that things might not go as planned.’ When the 12-week appointment rolled around again, Odalis was worried there wouldn’t be a heartbeat. She recalls: ‘The doctor comes in and I’m trying to mentally prepare myself for anything and when she found the first baby and the heartbeat I was crying with so much happiness. ‘And then she started going back and forth and I was wondering why – my mind just went to the worst-case scenario because of the traumatic experience that we had. ‘That’s when she told me that she had found another baby that also had a heartbeat. ‘I was just crying with happiness. I felt like the first baby that we had lost was in the room with me and saying it was going to be OK. ‘When you go to the first ultrasound they check everything and around the day that you actually conceived the baby and that’s when she told me that they were conceived five days apart, which I didn’t even know could happen.’ The babies were born on August 10 2021, with Lilio – who was conceived first – weighing 6lbs 12oz followed by Imelda at 7lbs 3oz. Odalis continues: ‘I feel like it’s some sort of miracle that I experienced this double pregnancy. Because of our first experience, it made everything during this pregnancy feel so much more special and magical. ‘It was a really beautiful moment to finally be able to hold them in my arms. ‘When I held them and knew that they were OK, I can’t even explain the feeling. I love my family and my husband, but I had just never experienced a love and happiness like that.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum said she was ‘starving’ and in tears after takeaway put wrong sauce in kebab MORE : Mum saves £10,000 in two years by only buying yellow sticker items MORE : Mum and toddler forage for food together to make tasty (and free) meals