Strictly Come Dancing favourite Oti Mabuse announced she would be leaving the BBC series earlier this week, but it seems her replacement could be someone already loved by fans. It was revealed Oti wouldn’t be returning to Strictly Come Dancing in a statement from the show on Tuesday. The BBC confirmed in a statement: ‘Oti has been a truly wonderful part of Strictly for the past seven years. ‘Her energy, creativity and talent have contributed to so many of the show’s most memorable moments and she will be hugely missed, not only by viewers but the entire team. ‘She leaves a dazzling legacy behind her, as the only professional dancer to lift the Glitterball Trophy in two consecutive years. However, with preparations for the upcoming series already underway, it’s reported 2021 newcomer Jowita could be set to fill into Oti’s shoes. A TV insider told The Sun of Jowita: ‘She is very much seen as a rising star within the show’s team of dancers. ‘And producers like to continually introduce fresh blood to the Strictly troupe. That was one of the reasons they brought Oti into the show seven years ago when she was relatively unknown.’ Some fans will know Jowita worked closely with Oti before when the latter acted as a mentor on BBC’s The Greatest Dancer. The pair won the series in 2020 together along with Jowita’s dance partner Michael Danilczuk and came back to perform with Oti on Strictly later that year. While Jowita wasn’t paired with a celebrity in the 2021 series, she quickly became a popular fixture – so it’s sure to go down well with fans if she becomes Oti’s replacement. Giving her verdict on her exit, Oti paid an emotional tribute to everyone in front of – and behind – the cameras, who helped to make her time ‘incredible.’ She said: ‘Never easy to say goodbye. I have been part of the most amazing TV show, Strictly Come Dancing for the past seven years and it has been an incredible time. ‘Lifting the glitter ball twice and having the best journey with all my celebrities, but also meeting and working with the best team, crew, producers, celebs and incredible professional dancers! You are my family and I adore you all forever.’ Oti continued: ‘I’m honestly so grateful to The BBC and will always remember that Strictly and BBC brought me to the UK – which I now call home and I have learnt and grown so much – Thank You from the bottom of my heart.’ Metro.co.uk has reached on to reps for Strictly Come Dancing and Jowita for comment. Strictly Come Dancing returns later this year to BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jonathan Bailey and Taron Egerton share fond memories of working with Helen McCrory: ‘She was awe-inspiringly talented’ MORE : Strictly’s Motsi Mabuse updates fans concerned for Ukrainian husband’s parents amid Russian attacks: ‘There’s nothing we can do’ 