New Zealand has ended its self-isolation requirements for some travellers despite an all-time high number of Covid-19 cases. From Wednesday, vaccinated people arriving in the island country will no longer need stay at home for a week, prime minister Jacinda Ardern confirmed. Initially the changes will apply only to returning New Zealanders, as tourists are still not allowed to visit and travellers will need to test negative for the virus before leaving and after arriving. New Zealand originally enforced some of the world’s strictest border controls when the pandemic began. Ms Ardern said: ‘I know this will be welcome news to the members of our team overseas, eager to travel home to see loved ones as soon as possible. We can’t wait to see you.’ She revealed her cabinet is considering fully reopening the borders to tourists sooner than the current scheduled date of July for Australians, and October for the rest of the world. It comes just two weeks after anti-vaccine protesters had camped outside the New Zealand Parliament for five days, voicing their opposition to coronavirus vaccine mandates. For months, political opponents of Ms Ardern have been calling for loosening of border restrictions and welcomed the move, although they said it should also apply immediately to tourists. The changes were also praised by the tourism industry, which accounted for about 20% of New Zealand’s foreign income before the pandemic. Epidemiologist Michael Baker told The Guardian there was no longer much public health justification for continuing controls at the border, because ‘people arriving from overseas will not contribute to the disease burden’. He said: ‘We have almost got to the point now where people arriving in New Zealand have a lower prevalence of Omicron infection than people who live in New Zealand.’ According to the Ministry of Health, there were 14,657 new infections in the last 24 hours, with 327 at the border. Currently, counties Manukau, Auckland and Waitematā are the worst hit regions in the country. Mr Baker said he was ‘not at all surprised’ about the high transmission rate at this point, partly because the rest of the world had already been through Omicron and because of the introduction of rapid antigen testing last week. The scientist warned against paying to much attention to the shifting R rate, which estimates any disease’s ability to spread. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.