A former US Marine who has taken up arms to protect a medical mission in Kyiv says he is prepared to return fire on Russian troops. Dave Eggen has equipped himself with an AR-15 rifle as a driver for a non-governmental organisation that provides life-saving training and support. The 67-year-old said he is ‘excited, anxious and pissed off’ as the country he considers his homeland comes under heavy attack on multiple fronts. The expat, who became an officer during a seven-year career with the Marine Corps, joined a Ukrainian colleague as they equipped themselves at an armoury. Weapons, including assault rifles, have been issued out to civilians who are joining the defence of their embattled city. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Honestly, it’s not a good idea to be running around there without a weapon,’ Mr Eggan told Metro.co.uk. ‘I’m 67-years-old and an old fat boy, so it’s probably not a good idea to be chasing down Russian troops. ‘But I was a US Marine, with seven years active duty. I ain’t running, if they need me or get in trouble, I can handle myself now, so I feel a lot better.’ Fierce street fighting broke out in Kyiv overnight, with Ukrainian officials saying this morning that the military had managed to repel assaults on the capital by Vladimir Putin’s forces. The sound of artillery and gunfire throughout the night was followed by airstrikes and shelling today, with video footage showing a missile hitting a residential apartment block. The veteran said two armouries refused to equip him yesterday until he was given the rifle and ammunition by an English-speaking Ukrainian man who was among thousands of ordinary citizens answering a call to arms. ‘I said, I “don’t even know you”, and he said, “it’s alright, you can give it back when this is all over”,’ Mr Eggan told Metro.co.uk. The father-of-two, who has lived in Kyiv for three-and-a-half years, is among Western expats who have remained in Ukraine despite advice from their governments to leave. He belongs to the Anomaly organisation, which has been providing tactical medical training and is sending out a small team to try and save lives as the battle for the city is underway. ‘This is my home, these are my friends, and I’m not running from my friends,’ Mr Eggen said. ‘I’m not a frontline combat guy anymore but I’ve been trained a long time ago how to do this stuff and I want to help. I’ve been wanting to help all along, this is my country too now.’ Describing his emotions as heavy fighting raged across Ukraine on the third day of Mr Putin’s multi-pronged invasion, he said: ‘Excited, scared, anxious and pissed off that this piece of s*** from Russia has decided to tear up my country, it’s not right.’ Mr Eggen cited Ukrainian military figures as he described the determined resistance put up by his adopted nation to the assault that is engulfing cities across the country in war today. ‘They [the Russians] have kicked over a hornet’s nest,’ he said. ‘There’s already been 3,500 Russians killed. With all the reserves and everything else there’s probably three or four hundred thousand guys with weapons now. The women are getting weapons, people are bringing their own stuff. These guys know how to make Molotov cocktails and where the right place is to hit a tank. ‘These guys are taking it seriously, they are not dicking around. I think Putin thought it would be a cakewalk, but they are going to pay the price. We are going to send home a lot of bodybags.’ Mr Eggen, originally from Jefferson City, Missouri is part of a team headed by US Army veteran David Plaster, who has trained thousands of Ukrainians in tactical medicine. Mr Eggen’s last job was as a catastrophic claims adjuster before he retired to Ukraine, but he told Metro.co.uk he was prepared to bear arms once more. ‘I’m going to get out of the line of fire if I can but if they shoot at me I’m going to shoot back,’ he said. The UK’s armed forces minister said this morning that the Russian advance on Kyiv had been stalled by ‘incredible Ukrainian resistance’. James Heappey told the BBC that fighting overnight had been limited to spetsnaz special forces and ‘pockets of paratroopers’ on the Russian side, with armoured columns descending from the north having been slowed by the defenders. Ukraine’s health minister said that at least 198 of its citizens, including three children, have been killed in the invasion so far, although it was not clear if the figure included military casualties. The country’s president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, posted a video from outside his city office, saying, ‘we are not putting our weapons down, we are going to protect our country’. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.