Anthony Joshua will be cheering on Dillian Whyte when he takes on Tyson Fury – even though he still ‘hates’ his London rival. Whyte will challenge for the world title for the first time in his career when he takes on WBC champion Fury at Wembley Stadium on 23 April. The Brixton heavyweight went to war with Joshua back in 2015 with the two Londoners sharing a vicious rivalry while establishing themselves in boxing’s blue riband division. Joshua secured a huge seventh round knockout that night and the two have remained rivals since then. But the former champion hopes to see Whyte cause a major upset against Fury – even offering some tactical advice to help bring down ‘The Gypsy King’. ‘It’s a good [quality] defence,’ Joshua told IFL TV. ‘Dillian Whyte needs to come in look at what Tyson Fury does and reacts to and do the complete opposite. ‘Maybe work the body and be conditioned to go the distance, but I hope Dillian trains hard and doesn’t underestimate Tyson. ‘Because it’s his first shot, I think he’ll be hungry. This ain’t his 10th time fighting for a title and he can have a little hiccup along the way – this is his first time fighting for a title. ‘I’m rooting for Dillian, even though I hate him and I want to smash him one of these days. Go on Dillian, I’m with you all the way.’ Joshua meanwhile is preparing for his rematch with Oleksandr Usyk, having lost his IBF, WBO and WBA titles to the Ukrainian last September. Usyk last week returned to his homeland following the Russian invasion with Joshua passing on a message of support to the champion. ‘I’ve learned sports and politics go hand in hand. ‘They are powerful voices and it is good they are speaking up. ‘They are not pushing for war, they are saying let’s find peace so good luck to them.’ MORE : Anthony Joshua sends support to Oleksandr Usyk after heavyweight champion returns to Ukraine following Russian invasion MORE : Tyson Fury vs Dillian Whyte confirmed for Wembley world title fight in April For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 