Radiation levels around the site of the defunct Chernobyl nuclear power plant have increased after it was captured by the Russian military. Ukraine’s nuclear agency and interior ministry said higher than usual levels of gamma radiation were detected in the area, but did not provide exact numbers. Experts said the change was down to movement of heavy military equipment through the exclusion zone disturbing the topsoil and lifting radioactive dust into the air. The interior ministry said: ‘Radiation starts to increase. It is not critical for Kyiv for the time being, but we are monitoring.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The still-radioactive site of the 1986 nuclear disaster lies just over 60 miles from the capital. Poland, which shares a border with Ukraine, said it had not recorded any increase in radiation levels on its territory. One of President Volodymyr Zelensky’s advisers confirmed the plant had been seized by the Russians late on Thursday. Mykhailo Podolyak said their capture of the plant posed ‘one of the most serious threats in Europe today’. He added: ‘It is impossible to say the Chernobyl nuclear power plant is safe after a totally pointless attack by the Russians.’ Russian troops took over the power plant while Ukrainian forces battled them on three sides. Vladimir Putin unleashed a huge offensive by land, sea, and air in the biggest attack on a European state since World War II. The Reuters news agency quoted a Russian security source as saying the country wanted to control the Chernobyl reactor to warn NATO not to interfere militarily. Jack Keane, a former chief of the US Army staff, said Chernobyl ‘doesn’t have any military significance’ but sits on the shortest route from Belarus, a Moscow ally, to Kyiv, the target of a Russian ‘decapitation’ strategy to oust the Ukrainian government. James Acton of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace think tank said: ‘It was the quickest way from A to B.’ The International Atomic Energy Agency said it is following the situation in Ukraine ‘with grave concern’ and appealed for maximum restraint to avoid any action that may put Ukraine’s nuclear facilities at risk. Rafael Mariano Grossi, the IAEA’s general director, said Ukraine informed them that ‘unidentified armed forces’ have taken control of all facilities at the plant and that there had been no casualties or destruction at the industrial site. Mr Grossi said it is ‘of vital importance that the safe and secure operations of the nuclear facilities in that zone should not be affected or disrupted in any way’. Edwin Lyman, director of nuclear power safety at the Union of Concerned Scientists in Washington, said: ‘I can’t imagine how it would be in Russia’s interest to allow any facilities at Chernobyl to be damaged.’ He added that he is most worried about spent fuel stored at the site, which has not been active since 2000. If the power to cooling pumps is disrupted or fuel-storage tanks are damaged, the results could be catastrophic, he said. Reactor Number Four at the power plant exploded and caught fire deep in the night on April 26, 1986, shattering the building and spewing radioactive material high into the sky. Soviet authorities made the catastrophe even worse by failing to tell the public what had happened, angering European governments and the Soviet people. The two million residents of Kyiv were not informed despite the fallout danger, and the world learned of the disaster only after heightened radiation was detected in Sweden. The building containing the exploded reactor was covered in 2017 by an enormous shelter aimed at containing radiation still leaking from the accident. Robots inside the shelter work to dismantle the destroyed reactor and gather up the radioactive waste. It is expected to take until 2064 to finish dismantling the reactors. Ukraine decided to use the deserted zone as the site for its centralised storage facility for spent fuel from the country’s other remaining nuclear power plants. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.