Boris Johnson said Vladmir Putin  has ‘chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction’ with his attack on Ukraine and that the UK would respond ‘decisively’. Ukraine is under heavy attack by Russian forces after President Putin finally gave the order for his invasion to begin. Allies are scrambling to come up with a plan after Putin told them not to interfere or face ‘consequences greater than any other in history’ in a chilling early morning broadcast. A Downing Street spokesperson said the prime minister will chair a Cobra committee meeting at 7.30am to discuss the response to the ‘horrific attacks’. In a statement on Twitter, Mr Johnson said he had spoken with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky to discuss ‘next steps’. ‘I am appalled by the horrific events in Ukraine and I have spoken to President Zelenskyy to discuss next steps,’ he said. ‘President Putin has chosen a path of bloodshed and destruction by launching this unprovoked attack on Ukraine. ‘The UK and our allies will respond decisively.’ A Downing Street spokesperson said Mr Johnson had assured Mr Zelensky the West ‘would not stand by as President Putin waged his campaign against the Ukrainian people’. ‘The Prime Minister said he hoped Ukraine could resist and that Ukraine and its people were in the thoughts of everyone in the United Kingdom people during this dark time,’ the spokesperson said. It came as Ukraine’s president declared martial law and Russia’s military said it had targeted Ukrainian air bases and other military assets, but not populated areas. Mr Putin announced the action during a televised address early on Thursday morning, saying the move was a response to threats from Ukraine. He said Russia does not have a goal to occupy Ukraine, but the responsibility for bloodshed lies with the Ukrainian ‘regime’. He also warned other countries that any attempt to interfere with the Russian action would lead to ‘consequences they have never seen’/ Mr Putin accused the US and its allies of ignoring Russia’s demand to prevent Ukraine from joining Nato and offer Moscow security guarantees. He said the Russian military operation aims to ensure a ‘demilitarisation’ of Ukraine, adding that all Ukrainian servicemen who lay down arms will be able to safely leave the zone of combat. US President Joe Biden denounced Russia’s decision to conduct a military operation in Ukraine as an ‘unprovoked and unjustified attack’, declaring “the world will hold Russia accountable”. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.