The government’s changes to UK visa rules for Ukrainians attempting to flee the Russian invasion have been heavily criticised for not going far enough. Boris Johnson announced yesterday changes to visa rules which would allow ‘immediate family members’ of British nationals to come to the UK. But the changes have been slammed as shameful and unacceptable after it emerged they will be of no help to most people’s parents, siblings and adult children. The government announced the changes after coming under intense pressure over failing to relax the visa requirements for Ukrainian nationals earlier this week. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live In a statement, Downing Street said the measure will ‘benefit many thousands of people who at this moment are making desperate choices about their future’. The prime minister said: ‘In the last days the world has witnessed awe-inspiring displays of bravery and heroism from the Ukrainian people in response to those who seek to obliterate their freedom by force. ‘The UK will not turn our backs in Ukraine’s hour of need. ‘We are providing all the economic and military support we can to help those Ukrainians risking everything to protect their country.’ The announcement followed a call between Mr Johnson and Volodymyr Zelenskyy earlier on Sunday, in which the Ukrainian president said the need for humanitarian assistance was critical. Mr Johnson also met Ukrainian community leaders at the Cathedral of the Holy Family in London yesterday, during which he was asked if the UK was going to make it easier for Ukrainian refugees to move here. He said: ‘We want to be as generous as we possibly can, and certainly we want people who have relatives in Ukraine to be able to bring them over as fast as possible. ‘We want to make sure that we have routes for people fleeing disaster, war, persecution in Ukraine to come here and we’re setting aside more to help with the humanitarian crisis in the countries bordering Ukraine, putting another £40 million for medical supplies and immediate help.’ ‘We will be very generous to the Ukrainians,’ he later added. Pressed on what he meant by ‘very generous’ and asked how many people would be accepted, Mr Johnson said: ‘Well, we will have a system that lets people come when they’re in fear of persecution when they need to… for family reunion or other purposes.’ The changes to the UK’s visa rules were initially welcomed by Labour with Yvette Cooper, Labour’s shadow home secretary describing them as a ‘welcome first step’. In a statement, she said: ‘This is a welcome first step forward and should have happened days ago as too many desperate family members have been struggling and delays have been deeply damaging. ‘We hope this announcement includes wider family as well as just the closest relatives and it is vital that we see those details as soon as possible.’ But, after the Home Office published updated guidance on the changes, Ms Cooper was more critical, asking, ‘What were they thinking?’ Tweeting her reaction, Ms Cooper said: ‘Updated guidance just published by Home Office shows even this first step does NOT apply to wider family. ‘What are they thinking? What about people struggling to get elderly parents here, or Ukrainians who can’t come stay with sister or brother here? ‘Shameful of Govt to refuse to even help other relatives in a terrible European war like this. Home Office must immediately extend this to wider family members and then they must set out a broader sanctuary route so UK also does its bit to help other Ukrainians too.’ Nicola Sturgeon, Scotland’s first minister, has called on the government to scrap visa all requirements for all Ukrainian citizens seeking refuge in the UK. Ms Sturgeon said in a tweet yesterday the Home Office must give entry now on humanitarian grounds ‘to any Ukrainian seeking refuge in the UK’, and to ‘sort paperwork later’. She described the UK immigration system as ‘inhumane’ and ‘indefensible’. The Home Office indicated it will issue a statement later today. Number 10 also announced a further £40 million of humanitarian aid will be sent to Ukraine to help aid agencies provide necessities and medical supplies, and Government humanitarian experts will be deployed to the region to support refugees fleeing the violence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.