This is the moment a Ukrainian woman bravely confronts a soldier hours after Russia’s invasion, telling him he has no business in her country. She says he and his comrades will ultimately die in Ukraine if they stay there and asks: ‘What the f*** are you doing in our land?’ The footage has since gone viral and has been viewed more than 3.3million times on Twitter, with people hailing the woman’s courage. When the soldier says they are there for ‘exercises’ and says he’s Russian, the woman replies: ‘So what the f*** are you doing here?’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The soldier says the conversation will ‘lead to nothing’ and asks her to move on, but she’s having none of it. She replies: ‘You’re occupants, you’re fascists. What the f*** are you doing on our land with all these guns?’ With a poetic reference to Ukraine’s national flower, she adds: ‘Take these seeds and put them in your pockets, so at least sunflowers will grow when you all lie down here.’ The soldier asks to ‘not escalate the situation’, to which she replies: ‘What situation? Guys, guys, put the sunflower seeds in your pockets please. ‘You will lie down here with the seeds. You came to my land. Do you understand? You are occupiers, you are enemies.’ She tells the soldier ‘from this moment you are cursed’, and when she’s told again not to escalate the situation, she says: ‘How can it be further escalated? You f***ing came here uninvited? Pieces of s**t’. It comes as Russian forces inch closer to the Ukrainian capital, Kyiv, with nearly 140 people killed in invasion’s first day. The city was rocked in the early hours of this morning by horrific rocket strikes likened to World War Two. Vowing to stay in Kyiv, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky tweeted: ‘Last time our capital experienced anything like this was in 1941 when it was attacked by Nazi Germany. ‘Ukraine defeated that evil and will defeat this one. Stop Putin. Isolate Russia. Severe all ties. Kick Russia out of (everywhere).’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.