The price of a pint in London could go up to £10.50 by the end of the decade – if inflation keeps spiraling at its current rate. Drink costs are expected to soar in the coming years, adding £4.50 to the cost of what is already the UK’s most expensive pint. Analysts Admiral Markets modelled how sky-high inflation could affect prices down the pub. It found that if inflation remains at its current level of 5.4%, the average price of a pint across the UK will rise from £3.96 to £6.03 by 2030. In London, this would mean that the £6 most people are paying in 2022 would rise to £7.03 by 2025 and £9.14 five years later. But many predict that inflation will peak at a higher rate and hit 7.25% by the spring. If it remains this high for the rest of the 2020s, then drinkers will be paying £6.93 for a pint UK-wide in 2030 while London beers will top the dreaded £10 mark. Under this scenario, only Leicester and Cardiff – which have been identified as the cheapest UK cities to buy a drink – would continue to offer pints for less than £6-a-go. Londoners have already been bemoaning how much the cost of a pint has risen post-pandemic. Eight in ten pubs added at least 30p to the cost of a beer when they reopened after lockdown due to increased delivery costs and higher wage bills. Rishi Sunak knocked 3p off the price of a pint in his budget last autumn but most complained this barely made a difference, given the cost of everything is rising at the moment. The Bank of England has a target of keeping inflation at 2% and is gradually raising the rate of interest to try to bring it under control. But a challenging economic cocktail of rising energy costs, staff shortages and growing demand post-pandemic means the problems are unlikely to go away any time soon. Roberto Rivero, Market Analyst at Admirals said: ‘Soaring energy prices, labour shortages and the rising cost of raw materials are pushing up input costs for businesses, which, in turn, is putting upward pressure on prices. ‘Rising inflation should only be transitory until the economy is used to living with Covid-19. However, things are likely to get worse before getting better. If inflation continues to rise at a faster rate than wages, then the price of a pint would be the least of our concerns. ‘The hospitality sector would likely suffer as people began to prioritise spending on essential items and, although many of us may think that a pint of beer on a Friday night is essential, things like food and household goods will take priority.’ MORE : How rising inflation will really affect the cost of living – and what you can do MORE : Dine and dash couple shamed into paying £180 bill after pub tracks them down Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.