The rules around Covid-19 are about to change as Prime Minister Boris Johnson has unveiled his ‘living with Covid’ strategy. As the country prepares to transition from a pandemic into an endemic, the changes include removing the legal obligation to self-isolate following a positive test result, as well as scrapping free later flow and PCR tests. Face coverings have been optional in venues since the end of Plan B in January. However, they were still required on public transport in London. But now that the rules have changed again, do you still need to wear a mask when travelling on the London Underground? While the rule to wear a mask is still in place on the tube and other Transport for London services, the requirement is expected to be dropped imminently following the Prime Minister’s changes – however, no date has been specified. Even when face masks become no longer mandatory, Transport for London (TfL) bosses will continue to recommend that face coverings are worn on crowded trains as they are a ‘simple, effective measure’. Nationwide laws on masks were brought back to help combat the surge of cases in the wake of the Omicron wave late last year but were dropped as a legal requirement last month. Reacting to Mr Johnson’s ‘living with Covid’ plan, London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: ‘Following the Government dropping all legal Covid restrictions, and in light of falling infection levels in London, it is expected that wearing a face covering will no longer be a condition of carriage on the TfL network. ‘However, we know that face coverings remain a simple, effective measure that give Londoners confidence to travel, and following clear advice from public health advisers, TfL will likely continue to recommend their use on the network. ‘I urge passengers to be considerate of their fellow Londoners and continue to wear a face-covering where appropriate unless exempt.’ While masks may no longer be mandatory, Boris Johnson emphasised that face coverings would still be recommended in certain circumstances. The government is continuing to suggest ‘the use of masks in enclosed or crowded spaces, particularly when you come into contact with people you don’t normally meet’. The Prime Minister said they would ‘trust the judgment of the British people and no longer criminalise anyone who chooses not to wear one.’ While face masks may no longer be compulsory, that doesn’t mean that shops, venues and public transport companies won’t impose their own rules around wearing them. Face masks are also expected to remain mandatory for NHS staff and visitors at hospitals, care homes, and GP surgeries. While there is no set date for when face masks will no longer be required on the tube, the majority of the changes will come into effect on February 24. The upcoming changes include: Rules around international travel are expected to stay the same, with unvaccinated travellers still being required to take a pre-departure test and pay for a PCR test on or before day two of their arrival in the UK. All vaccinated or unvaccinated travellers must also continue to fill in the passenger locator form (PLF) to enter the UK. You should also note that these rule changes only apply to England – and that the rules in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland around face coverings are different. MORE : Vulnerable people ‘abandoned and forgotten’ in ‘Living with Covid’ plan MORE : How much will Covid tests cost and can anyone still get them free after rules change? Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.