British nationals in Ukraine have been urged to ‘leave immediately’ after the country came under attack from Russia. The UK’s ambassador to Ukraine, Melinda Simmons, wrote on Twitter: ‘We advise GB nationals to leave Ukraine immediately if you judge that it is safe to do so from your location. Please call +380 44 490 3660 if you need assistance.’ Ministers have been urging to Brits in Ukraine to leave for weeks following a build up of Russian forces on its border. Last night Russian President Vlamdir Putin finally gave the order for his troops to invade while issuing a chilling warning to the West not to interfere ‘or face great consequences’. The country is now under heavy attack with troops pouring in and bombs heard across several cities. Ukrainian authorities have confirmed Russian boots are on the ground inside the country after gun battles and air strikes at various points on the border. The UK government has previously said it would not help Brits stuck in Ukraine to evacuate if the country does come under attack. On Tuesday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss urged British nationals in Ukraine to ‘leave now via commercial routes while they are still available’. Aircraft flying to or from UK airports are being ordered to avoid Ukraine  airspace after the crisis in the country intensified. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said he made the decision ‘following the horrific events overnight’ as Russia launched a major military assault. The Cabinet minister tweeted: ‘I’ve instructed @UK-CAA (the Civil Aviation Authority) to ensure airlines avoid Ukraine airspace to keep passengers and crew safe. ‘We continue to stand with the people of Ukraine and work with our international partners to respond to this act of aggression.’ Wizz Air cancelled its flights from the Ukrainian cities of Kyiv and Lviv to Luton on Thursday. Images show chaotic scenes in Ukraine’s cities as hundreds of people try to flee to neighbouring countries. Eyewitnesses reported huge queues of cars trying to leave the capital Kyiv as the reality of war dawned on the population and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky declared martial law. Boris Johnson has said the UK will respond ‘decisively’ and will decide next steps at an emergency Cobra meeting this morning. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.