Calling all west London dwellers: we have some excellent news. The next time you’re craving an Ikea trip – whether that’s for some meatballs and mash or to get a new chair – no longer will you have to trek all the way to Wembley. As of today, Ikea has opened its first city centre store, in Hammersmith, London. This shop isn’t as massive as the Ikeas you might be used to, FYI. It’s a smaller store to fit into central London, meaning that rather than having a massive stock area to browse, you’ll instead only be able to pick up certain home accessories and soft furnishings. That being said, you will still be able to see entire room sets, test out items, and order beds, wardrobes, tables, shelves, and all other bigger, bulkier bits for home delivery. Plus, there is a restaurant, serving up all the lingonberry juice and fish and chips your heart desires, but now easily accessible by Tube. The store sits inside the Kings Mall shopping centre, which was bought by Ikea back in 2020. If all goes well, there will be more smaller Ikea stores launched around the UK, in an effort to reach customers that don’t drive. UK and Ireland boss Peter Jelkeby said: ‘You should be able to shop with Ikea physically without a car. ‘This was the perfect location for that. You can take public transport, you can bike, you don’t need a car. ‘We hope to find demographics of customers who can support this kind of experience. ‘We want customers to be able to shop more spontaneously and pop in for things like extra candles. But customers won’t be able to walk out with a Billy bookshelf.’ A second city centre store is set to open next year, taking over the former Topshop flagship site in Oxford Circus. Peter added: ‘We are not looking at one store in isolation. This is about the whole business and how we can be relevant on the high street.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Price of a pint in London on track to go over £10 within a few years MORE : What I Rent: Michelle, £1,600 a month for a three-bedroom house in Epsom Downs MORE : London studio flat on sale for £150,000 lets you cook from the comfort of your bed