Everyone wants to stay active, but exercise always seems to be so uncomfortable. Well, businesses have heard our moans and come up with some cracking options for the reluctant fitness fan. From super comfy trainers, to powerful and tasty oat drinks, and a skincare products endorsed by none other than Emma Raducanu, read on for a full selection of picks. Euphoria actor Sydney Sweeney, who plays Cass, loves her Sorel Kinetic Breakthru Tech Lace sneakers and you can see why. They’re super-comfy, chunky and cool, especially in this eraser pink and chalk colourway. Buy them for £115 from Sorel footwear. Frendo is a community of endometriosis sufferers providing connection, screening and support via a free app. It includes verified information to help manage symptoms as well as treatment options and a screening tool so users can share symptoms with medical professionals. Available from app providers. Tentree’s new outerwear collection is made from recycled, responsibly made fabrics and cocoons you in warmth. For each sale, Tentree plants ten trees at reforestation projects around the world. Buy it for £250 from Tentree. Missoma’s Chubby Pearl Initial necklace is a heart stealer. Made of 18ct gold vermeil on recycled sterling silver to reduce its environmental impact, it’s handcrafted and super-cute. Buy it for £135 from Missoma. If you like oat milk and care for the environment, look out for British oat milk brand PureOaty, made by family-run Glebe Farm. It’s the only brand making oat milk from scratch in the UK, meaning it’s the best on the shelf in terms of having a low carbon footprint. Buy it for £1.80 from Morrisons. Tennis star Emma Raducanu is the face of Dior’s new skincare line, Les Démaquillants au Nymphéa Purifian, and the brand’s hotly awaited first launch is out next week (on March 2). La Mousse Off/On is a cleanser for all skin types, and it perfectly removes makeup, toxins and heavy metals. Ace. Buy it for £36 from Dior. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the best ethical beauty products to buy this Fairtrade Fortnight MORE : Boots brings back iconic budget beauty line 17