Will Smith couldn’t hold back his emotions as he landed his first Screen Actors Guild Award (SAG) for best actor, for his stint in King Richard. The 53-year-old portrayed titular character Richard Williams in the acclaimed flick, real life father of tennis legends Venus and Serena Williams. He was awarded the best actor gong at the SAG ceremony on Sunday, held at the Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, and was visibly emotional as he thanked his big screen co-stars. ‘That may have been one of the greatest moments of my career just now, because my name was called for King Richard, sitting next to Venus Williams,’ he told the crowd. ‘Richard Williams is a dreamer like no one you’ve ever known. He has a power of belief that borders on insanity and sometimes tips over the border, which is absolutely necessary to take something from impossible to possible.’ Will used his moment to shed the spotlight on his King Richard castmates, as well as their real-life counterparts. ‘Aunjanue, you pushed every single day, you demanded authenticity, you did it in such a beautiful, quiet way and you did miss Oracene wonderful justice,’ he told on-screen wife Aunjanue Ellis, who took the role of the Williams matriarch. ‘Saniyya [Sidney] and Demi [Singleton], these two young ladies… It was such a great honor for me to… You guys are actors, so you know how sometimes your onscreen characters bleed into real life. ‘To walk you around this room tonight, to parent you on this film, to deliver you into this business has been one of the greatest pleasures of my life.’ ‘Venus, Serena, the Williams family, you entrusted me and our group with your story. You didn’t agree to put your name on it until you saw the final project,’ he added to laughter from the crowd. ‘I get that, I get that. That’s cool. That’s real because we be messing stuff up sometimes. But when I got the call and you watched the movie and you said you loved it, I just want to say thank you very much. ‘It was my deepest pleasure to honor your family and to tell your story to the world. Thank you all.’ It was a huge night for Will who landed his first ever SAG Award. He was up against some huge names for the best actor gong, triumphing against Javier Bardem for Being the Ricardos, Benedict Cumberbatch for The Power of the Dog, The Tragedy of Macbeth’s Denzel Washington, and Tick, Tick… Boom! star Andrew Garfield. It has already been a successful awards season for the Men In Black star, after he landed a Golden Globe for the role, and is tipped for a Bafta Award and an Oscar. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Kristina Rihanoff apologises and insists she ‘doesn’t support Vladimir Putin’ after Ukraine invasion tweets MORE : SAG Awards 2022: Brian Cox supports Ukraine in passionate speech after Succession win 