Amanda Holden has celebrated her 51st birthday in style, with a rowdy party for her friends and family, The Britain’s Got Talent judge had been in Dubai for her actual birthday, but made sure to mark the occasion once she returned to the UK, too. She was seen arriving at Isabel in London’s Mayfair with her daughter Lexi, 16, as well as friends including Ashley Roberts and Kelly Hoppen. Amanda stunned in a black sparkly trouser suit with a matching bralette underneath, as she pulled her hair back into a long ponytail segmented with hairbands down the length of it. She kept her jewellery simple, going for a dangling pair of silver earrings to complement the outfit. The celebrations were well under way when Amanda was presented with her birthday cake – and it’s safe to say it was one of a kind. Amanda shared a video of herself squealing “Oh my god!”, as her cake was presented to her – and she realised it had been modelled on her own breasts. The cake had been inspired by an outfit she had posed in recently, consisting of a black PVC bra and midi skirt. She shared close-ups of the incredible edible creation, telling her followers: ‘This incredible cake created by @sebastianwildcakes, a work of art… could hardly bear to cut into it.’ Amanda was later filmed doing a handstand in the club – so it’s safe to say she enjoyed turning 51 quite a lot. The presenter had already enjoyed a lavish meal with her family on her actual birthday on February 16 while soaking up the sun in Dubai. She was also presented with a bunch of multi-coloured balloons as she posed on the side of a bathtub in another incredible outfit, this time going for a white mini dress with a feathered trim. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden, Caroline Flack and Liam Gallagher among stars in powerful eyes closed portraits for mental health awareness: ‘In some ways, you can see more clearly with your eyes shut’ MORE : Amanda Holden admits she hides shopping from her husband and decorates the house when he’s not there 