Many a Neighbours fan wept earlier this week when the noise hit our ears that the soap might be axed after 37 years. The unthinkable. As Channel 5 has decided not to renew the show’s contract, things look uncertain for the Aussie suburb and quite frankly this is an utter travesty. Not only is it a hotbed of storyline gold (hello, Karl and Susan’s little blue box of sex toys, Julie accusing her Chinese neighbours of eating her dog, and ermagahd Dee coming back from the dead with an identical twin and sleeping with Toadie on webcam), it’s also bred some of the best musical and acting talent this world has ever seen. Without Neighbours we wouldn’t have Margot Robbie’s epic performance in Wolf Of Wall Street, no Karaoke booth would see drunk businessmen emotively belting out Torn, and can you imagine a Marvel universe with anyone else filling the shoes of Thor? Exactly. We have a lot to thank Neighbours for and we should all get signing that petition to save it right now. Best known for: Pitch Black, London Has Fallen Radha kicked off her career with a stint on Neighbours from 1996-1997 as Catherine O’Brien, an opinionated student with a passion for the environment. Catherine was sister to Sarah Beaumont (the woman Dr K had an affair with) and had a long, tumultuous relationship with Stonie, Toadie’s brother. That eventually didn’t work out, and she realised she was having feelings for Mal Kennedy instead. The couple went on to marry in 2001, but not before she cheated on him with Darren Stark. But all’s well that ends well, they’re said to be still married to this day. Radha is now rubbing shoulders with Hollywood elite like Vin Diesel and Gerard Butler. Best known for: The 100 Eliza arrived in Erinsborough as Janae, part of bogan family the Timmins’, and remained from 2005 – 2008. She faced an underage marriage, an HIV scare, a cheating scandal, and the sudden death of her brother Stingray which, quite frankly, I am still not over. Eliza went on to play Clarke Griffin in The 100 alongside fellow former Neighbour-ite Bob Morley. The pair are now married and expecting their first baby. Best known for: The 100 Eliza’s other half, Bob Morley, tootled along to Ramsay Street in 2011 as Aidan Foster, a nurse at the local hospital. He was drafted in as the love interest of Chris Pappas and their love affair was sweet as it came at a time when Chris was just becoming comfortable with his sexuality. Aidan didn’t hang around too long though, and he bowed out when he and Chris split. Bob went on to play Bellamy in The 100 and thus we have Neighbours to thank for one of the biggest TV plot twists of the last decade. Best known for: Wolf of Wall Street, Suicide Squad, Harley Quinn, Once Upon A Time In Hollywood, Pan Am There probably isn’t anyone on the planet who hasn’t heard of Margot Robbie, and yet her career stems from a little well-known cul-de-sac. Margot joined Neighbours in 2008 as Donna Freedman and was only meant to be around for a bit but ended up being promoted from guest character to regular. She went on to have a tragic love story with Ringo, which saw the teen lovebirds marry but only a month later be separated by death when Ringo was killed when Steph Skully ploughed her motorbike into him. After his death, Donna decided to up sticks and follow her dream of working in fashion. Margo bowed out in 2011 specifically to conquer Hollywood, and look what she went and did. Best known for: Lead singer of band Rogue Traders, judge on The X Factor Australia. Natalie played the immoral and ‘manipulative schemer’ Izzy Hoyland, joining in 2003 until 2006, with a couple of reprisals. She was sister of Max Hoyland and had a relationship with Karl Kennedy after he broke up with wife Susan. She also had a relationship with Paul Robinson, whom she said she was madly in love with, but she ultimately wanted Karl back and went to great lengths to get him. Over her time, she faked pregnancies, went through a drug addiction, and even drugged Karl to get him into bed, which led to baby Holly. In 2018, when she returned, she learned Karl had taken part in a fertility study, so she somehow stole some of his sperm to try and impregnate herself to have baby number two. Batsh*t and crazy are two words that spring to mind. After the show, Natalie became the lead singer of Rogue Traders after collaborating with them on their single Voodoo Child, and she became a judge on X Factor Australia. Best known for: Lost, 24, The OC Alan Dale is the god of box set TV, and TV’s best baddy, but he started as the beloved Jim Robinson, Paul Robinson’s dad. He arrived on the scene in 1985, back when the show started, along with his four kids and mother-in-law Helen Daniels, but karked it from a heart-attack back in 1993. He then returned as an apparition in a bauble during Christmas 2018. After Neighbours, Jim’s real-life counterpart Alan went off conquering the TV world, appearing in the likes of Lost, 24 and The West Wing. Best known for: The Hunger Games, Independence Day Liam played the unlucky in love paraplegic Josh Taylor from 2007 – 2008, who was left wheelchair bound after a surfing accident. Josh became absolutely smitten with Bridget Parker when they met at the hospital following her accident. But as their fledgling relationship blossomed, she began to develop feelings for Declan, prompting Josh to turn nasty. But ultimately, he couldn’t compete with her feelings for Declan and despite becoming a bit of an obsessive for a while, he lost out to the other guy. Thank goodness he did otherwise who would have been Katniss’ right-hand man? Liam can relate to his Neighbours character missing out on his prize. Liam was left bit wounded when he lost out to his big brother Chris Hemsworth for the role of Thor. Ouch. Best known as: Thor Speaking of, it’s likely that without Neighbours, another demi god would be playing Thor right now. Chris Hemsworth also had a teeny stint on Neighbours before his brother arrived, which helped launch him into the acting world’s consciousness. He appeared in one episode 20 years ago as Steph’s employee. That’s the power of Neighbours, one episode was all it took. He did also have a long stint in Home and Away which might possibly have something to do with it too, but we’re backing Neighbours on this one. Best known for: Being a world-renowned wrestler, Guardians Of The Galaxy, Spectre ‘I’m sorry what?!’ Is a perfectly legitimate reaction to this one. Anyone remember that time Dave Bautista popped up in Erinsborough and acted his little heart out? This was the role that saw him move from wrestling into acting because he did such a good job of playing himself. He showed up in Lassiters minding his own business when wrestling fans Toadie and Callum spotted him. So you can thank Neighbours for the lovably daft Drax. Best known for: Musical career, Taken, Prison Break We absolutely have Neighbours to thank for the banger that is Kiss Kiss. And what a music video that is. But before there could be Kiss Kiss there had to be Flick Scully, who hung about on Ramsay Street from 1999-2002. Flick left Erinsborough in a blaze of shame after getting it on with her sister Steph’s fiancé – which was discovered on their wedding day. After she fled town, Stuart Parker tracked her down and proposed, but that relationship eventually went up in smoke and Flick was gone for good. And thus Kiss Kiss was born. As well as her music career, Holly also continued her acting and ended up playing a singer in Taken, alongside Liam Neeson. Best known for: Singing, TV presenting Delta arrived as Nina Tucker in 2002 and from there she went on to have a very messy love life before heading off to become a Bollywood actress after being cheated on – in real life, Delta had been diagnosed with Hodgkin’s Lymphoma and needed treatment so stepped away from the soap. She later returned, and has since had several reprisal stints, but ultimately Delta settled on the life of a chart-topping singer away from soap acting. She also sat on the panel for the The Voice Australia. Best known for: Music career, Johnny English Natalie played Beth Brennan from 1992, an abuse survivor who had one of the best Neighbours love affairs from the 90s – with Brad Willis. In 1994 the celeb life got too much for Natalie and she decided to leave, so the storyline saw Beth and Brad head off to elope. They ended up scrapping that plan and marrying in front of the Neighbours, but then they still quit the street for Perth. And that decision is what we have to thank for that little earworm Torn. Best known for: Gladiator, Robin Hood, A Beautiful Mind Russell Crowe was one of the early birds in the soap, starting back in 1987 – and for only four episodes as Kenny Larkin, a convict after revenge. Four episodes was all he needed to launch himself into super stardom. There in lies the power of Neighbours, you only need to show your face and bam, you’re Hollywood material. Wannabe stars had better get those cameos in quick, August is only six months away. Best known for: LA Confidential, The Hurt Locker, The King’s Speech Guy played Mike Young, a victim of domestic abuse, from 1986 – the Charlene and Scott era. Mike enjoyed a love affair with Jane Harris, but after going away for a bit he came back to learn she’d got it on with Des. This sent him on a bit of a spiral, but he eventually reasoned there was not much left for him in Ramsay Street and he went to care for his mother who had been injured in a plane crash. Best known for: House Ah good old Billy Kennedy. First crush for some of us. He graced Ramsay Street with his presence in 1994 and then hung around for five years before his character took off with the love of his life Anne to start a family elsewhere. Although Jesse perhaps isn’t one of the biggest stars to come out of the Aussie soap, he did bag a huge role as Dr Robert Chase alongside Hugh Laurie in House, which isn’t to be sniffed at. Best known for: Pop careers and being the voice of Buzz! The quiz video game C’mon this list wouldn’t be complete without these two. These guys were the biggest and most famous stars to come out of Neighbours, as if anyone needed telling. Scott first appeared in 1985 and then his world was rocked by Charlene, who arrived in 1986. Their love affair is probably one of the most famous on TV and households across the UK and Aus would tune in every day to see how their romance developed into one of TV’s most watched weddings. The show absolutely catapulted the actors to fame, with them both launching big pop careers, and Kylie took off to storm the charts in 1988, with her character leaving for Brisbane. Jason followed soon after with his own pop career which turned into a lucrative TV and stage career too. And it’s not just humans that make it on this show. Jason’s mullet became almost as big a star as him. Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage.