Strictly judge Motsi Mabuse has expressed her fear for her Ukrainian husband’s parents, saying they are not able to reach the Polish border following Russia’s invasion of the country. She’s married to fellow dancer, Evgenij Voznyuk, and said she had spoken to her mother-in-law on the phone. ‘It’s heartbreaking hearing my mother in law crying this morning , afraid and there absolutely nothing we can do. Just Sad honestly,’ she tweeted. Motsi added: ‘Our parents have been [told] to go outside and to switch off water &gas ! They have no possibility to get to the polish border.’ She had previously tweeted: ‘This cannot be happening!!!!!!!!!!!’ and asked for ‘prayers for Ukraine and the world’. Motsi, 40, and Evgenij, 38, have been married since 2017. She’s kept her marriage largely out of the spotlight, but occasionally shares snaps of Evgenij on social media. Last night Russian President Vlamdir Putin finally gave the order for his troops to invade while issuing a chilling warning to the West not to interfere ‘or face great consequences’. The country is now under heavy attack with troops pouring in and bombs heard across several cities. Ukrainian authorities have confirmed Russian boots are on the ground inside the country after gun battles and air strikes at various points on the border. The UK government has previously said it would not help Brits stuck in Ukraine to evacuate if the country does come under attack. On Tuesday, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss urged British nationals in Ukraine to ‘leave now via commercial routes while they are still available’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Motsi Mabuse wishes sister Oti Mabuse good luck ahead of Dancing On Ice debut MORE : Strictly Come Dancing 2021: Motsi Mabuse hits back at trolls claiming she wasn’t happy with Rose Ayling-Ellis’s win 