Jamie Carragher believes Chelsea have ’embarrassed themselves’ with their statement on Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and says Roman Abramovich’s decision to not reference the conflict in his message is ‘really poor’. On Saturday, Abramovich announced that he is passing his ‘stewardship’ of the club to the trustees of the Chelsea’s charitable foundation. The decision by the Russian billionaire, who denies any link with Russia’s president Vladimir Putin, is not expected to have an impact on the day-to-day running of the club as Marina Granovskaia will remain in control of football operations, while Petr Cech continues to be the link between the team and the board. Chelsea followed that up with a brief statement on Sunday morning, describing the ‘situation’ in Ukraine as ‘horrific and devastating’. However, their 23-word message included no reference of Russia’s aggression. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live And Carragher believes Chelsea should have been ‘a lot stronger’ in their message. ‘I don’t think they’ve handled it really well,’ Carragher told Sky Sports. ‘I think in the couple of statements they’ve put out, I think it’s been really poor, they’ve let themselves down badly. ‘The club came out today and put a statement out but I think that was almost trying to rectify what Roman Abramovich had put out the night before. ‘I don’t think they did they well either really, so it’s not worked out well for them at all, I think they’ve embarrassed themselves. ‘They should be a lot stronger in what they said, really. The thing of Roman Abramovich passing on [his stewardship] to Chelsea trustees, that’s not him relinquishing the club, stewardship is not ownership, it’s completely different, he’s still in charge, he’s still running it, which is fine. But his actual statement to not mention what is going on in Ukraine is really poor.’ Asked if it will have an impact on the Carabao Cup final, Carragher replied: ‘I don’t think so. ‘I think Thomas Tuchel mentioned in his pre-match press conference that it will affect Chelsea more because of the situation of the Russian owner, but I think the players get a lot thrown at them at different times throughout their careers, different things off the pitch, and I think once the game starts I think they’ll be fine. ‘But it certainly hasn’t been a great 24 hours for Chelsea, I’m sure they’ll want to rectify that on the pitch.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 