Brenda Edwards has returned to Instagram for the first time since the death of her son, Jamal Edwards, with a sweet post in tribute to him. The Loose Women star, 52, shared two stills from a photoshoot with son Jamal, 31, and daughter Tanisha, 22, capturing a gorgeous family moment. In the first image, the three of them posed beautifully for the camera, while in the second snap all three were in fits of laughter together. Brenda did not share a caption with the photos, simply adding a heart emoji instead. SBTV founder Jamal had died in the early hours of Sunday morning at Brenda’s home, reportedly from a heart attack. According to reports from the Daily Mail, he died at the home he shared with the Loose Women panellist in Acton, after performing a DJ set in Angel the night before. Brenda had visited a memorial for her son on Monday evening in West London, where she left fans in tears as she sang Whitney Houston’s Greatest Love Of All in his memory. Her fellow Loose Women stars credited her for having the strength to do it, with Linda Robson revealing she had visited Brenda but didn’t think the tragedy had hit her yet. She explained: ‘I thought I’ll just knock on the door and just leave some flowers and the card there and just say “We’re all thinking of you”. ‘But Tanisha [Jamal’s sister] came to the door and said “oh no, come in – mummy wants you to come in,” and Brenda was sitting on the stairs on the phone. ‘She said “Go in, I’ll come in in a minute” and I went into the kitchen where they made me a cup of tea and she went to me: “Don’t cry!”’ Linda added: ‘I don’t think it’s hit her yet, I mean she’s just all over the place, and Tanisha as well.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Simon Cowell shares warm tribute to Jamal Edwards as SBTV founder dies aged 31: ‘Extraordinarily talented’ MORE : Brenda Edwards sings heartbreakingly beautiful song at 31-year-old son Jamal Edwards’ memorial leaving fans in tears 