Holly Willoughby was pictured in good spirits as she left a casual after-party at a pub, following the swanky launch of her first fragrance through her wellness platform on Wednesday night. After the Wylde Moon X ENO (English National Opera) immersive night at the London Coliseum, the presenter rocked up to The Marquis pub in London’s West End to keep the party going. Arriving with her sister Kelly, husband Dan Baldwin and around 40 others, Kelly was later seen enjoying drinks and a vape outside with friends during the festivities. Holly, who was immaculate in a cream double-breasted jacket and matching trousers, and Dan made an exit around midnight, looking merry after a successful evening as they hopped into their car. The presenter was still going strong in her black and white polka dot stiletto heels too. On the way out of the pub, the couple stopped to speak to two homeless people, with Holly seen giving one a hug while Dan, 47, gave a Big Issue seller £30. Earlier that evening, she had been surrounded by famous friends, including This Morning co-host Phillip Schofield, Bond actor Colin Salmon and comedian Lee Mack at the official launch event for new scent (borrowed from) The Wild. She posed with long-time pal and colleague Phillip, who celebrated 40 years in TV earlier this week and looked dapper in a pale green blazer, dark blue top and trousers. Emily Atack got Holly’s suit memo, opting for a black one paired with a lilac blouse, as she posed with her mum actress Kate Robbins, who was all in black. Hollywood star Colin was suave in a forest green shirt, grey trousers and brown boots, which he wore with a black jacket and grey flat-cap. Lee Mack cut a louder figure in his jeans, tweed jacket and blue scarf as he supported his new co-star’s venture, following filming with Holly on Wim ‘Iceman’ Hof’s Superstar Survival in January. Vanessa Feltz went for full-on glamour in a pale pink and silver floor-length gown with ruffled sleeves, while former Girls Aloud singer Nicola Roberts was chic in a maroon and white checked top. Other guests included Jason Donovan, Dame Arlene Phillips and The Masked Singer’s Jaime Winston. Andy Bell, who collaborated with Holly for the event and composed new work based on Puccini’s classic opera La bohème, was also there, with the evening boasting a performance featuring cast members and a 48-piece orchestra. Gem Archer, Andy’s former Oasis and Beady Eye bandmate, supported him at the launch too. Announcing the event and her foray into fragrance, 41-year-old Holly said: ‘I fell in love with the opera on my first ever visit over 13 years ago. I had no idea what to expect. ‘What I learnt is that it is for everyone, and for me when I come, life seems to switch off and I become immersed into a world that takes over all senses. Going to the ENO is similar to meditation for me. ‘It’s the perfect place to reconnect. I’m always mesmerised by the controlled freedom that opera has – powerful voices that helped me to reconnect with my inner voice and not be afraid to express it. ‘Opera signifies that for me in life. La bohème begins with the blowing out of a candle, just as Wylde Moon was created with a candle – there’s synergy there that brought the whole idea together.’ The Dancing On Ice presenter added: ‘Andy Bell was the only person for the job. Such an incredibly talented musician and opera lover – who better to curate and compose the music for the night? ‘To create a reworked aria and duet to sit alongside something that’s already perfect is not an easy task. I’m so excited for the world to hear the magic that Andy has created.’ The perfume is described as ‘an invigorating, elegant scent inspired by Mother Nature to capture the evocative aroma of a wild country garden after rainfall’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan invites Meghan Markle to be first guest on TalkTV show: ‘We have a bit of unfinished business’ MORE : Katie Price claps back after Lorraine Kelly warns her to quit cosmetic surgery: ‘You sound like my mother!’ 