So, Cruz Beckham is now a model. The 17-year-old son of David and Victoria has been thrust into the spotlight, much like his older siblings have been as well, and fronted his first cover shoot in his undies. For the shoot, for ID magazine, the pink-haired teenager – who was 16 when the shoot took place – can be seen posing without a top, and his trousers by his ankles. To promote his burgeoning music career. While I’m hardly the harbinger of what is high style or fashionable these days (the fact I say ‘high style’ probably gives that away), I can understand the uproar to the photographs. Many asked how it was allowed to happen, while others suggested we’d be spitting chips if it was a 16-year-old famous daughter doing the same – and you only need to remember the criticism and bullying lobbed at Kendall Jenner when a leaked shoot of her modelling nude on a beach, at the age of 22, to know that’s true. The criticism of Cruz’s shoot is all very valid, and perhaps a piece for a different time, but as people shared their varied thoughts on the teenager looking incredibly ‘fashion’ in the pages of a glossy, complete with grills, I got to thinking: are these kids simply being set up to fail? This isn’t the first time we’ve witnessed how apparently brilliant it is being the kid of a Beckham, as Brooklyn Beckham overtook photographers with years of training and experience to shoot lucrative commercial campaigns and magazine spreads. We were like, ‘OK, sure, do your thing, Lil Becks, good for you.’ We’re now currently gazing on as he makes his foray into TV cookery, flexing his chef muscles by whipping up such things as steak sarnies and decadent pastas, with a tonne of money backing his latest endeavour, a TV show, because, well, he’s a Beckham. When kids these days need five years’ experience in the relevant industry to simply get an entry-level job, I can understand why, despite Gordon Ramsay being a close Beckham family friend, probably imparting some hot kitchen tips, people are a bit miffed by what can only be called nepotism in action. Then we have second-eldest, Romeo, who recently signed a fabulous little contract to play football for Fort Lauderdale. Which is a feeder club to Inter Miami – part-owned by David Beckham. I have absolutely no doubt he’s a nifty player, sure, but I refuse to believe his last name didn’t have anything to do with his part on the pitch. It is a nice surname, after all. And, sure, it’s hardly groundbreaking territory, we only need to look at Jamie Redknapp to know famous kids often follow their parents’ footsteps and that’s hardly something to call home about. Plus, as someone with zero (0) famous parents and minus nepotism, who am I to judge? It probably says a lot more about us, the consumer, that these kids are given such platforms so early on, while still being pretty mediocre (I don’t mean that in a mean way, I mean it because THEY’RE TEENAGERS). There is a reason Hollywood keeps making remakes and reboots. Why mess with something that can springboard off the original, if the OG, in this case, a Beckham, was a proven hit. If those sorts of opportunities slapped me in the face with minimal effort, I’m hardly going to say no. So while I don’t begrudge these kids for giving it a shot and taking advantage of what their famous names may or may not provide, I do wonder whether the Beckham kids are destined to be laughing stocks from these early forays into the spotlight in very public-facing careers. Are they being taken seriously? Or are they being indulged because they’re rich? We’ve seen it happen before. But also, we’ve seen it evolve (there’s that hopeful spark I like to end on). Madonna’s daughter Lourdes, Kendall and Kylie Jenner, Gigi and Bella Hadid, Willow and Jayden Smith were all seen as trust fund babies playing the game of fame off the back of their family ties, but actually went on to prove the naysayers wrong and form pretty solid careers with some good ol’ fashioned hard yakka and skill. Sure, would Kylie Jenner be a billionaire if she didn’t have famous parents and fame thrust into her life through one of the most well-known reality TV shows ever? Probably not. But would she also be a billionaire if she didn’t work her Louboutins off and expertly play the business? Also, probably not. It still does beg the question of whether these kidlets are earning these massive platforms before ‘they’re ready’, as they become uber-successful in lucrative careers that require skill before they actually achieve anything. I don’t care if we do all share the same 24 hours a day, that’s a leg up I find troubling for all involved. Is it mean for me to think that? Am I bitter and jealous because I’m not from famous stock? I don’t doubt these kids have struggles – and the PRESSURE – that coming from such families can bring, but, honestly, can’t these offspring just get a job at McDonalds like the rest of us then take on the world? Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Vogue editor Edward Enninful ties knot with partner in star-studded ceremony with glam guests including Kate Moss, Naomi Campbell and Victoria Beckham MORE : Eight-minute-long ‘sandwich’ episode of Brooklyn Beckham’s cooking show ‘cost $100,000 and had crew of 62’ MORE : David Beckham once set a personal best by polishing off 32 snails in one sitting