Christian Pulisic has described Mohamed Salah as ‘incredible’ and says he can take inspiration from the Liverpool star as Chelsea prepare to face Jurgen Klopp’s side in the Carabao Cup final. Liverpool and Chelsea, currently second and third respectively in the Premier League, meet at Wembley on Sunday with the first domestic trophy of the season up for grabs. Salah is enjoying another remarkable season at Anfield, scoring 29 goals in all competitions, and Pulisic insists the Egyptian superstar is ‘up there with the best’. ‘He is an incredible player,’ Pulisic told ESPN. ‘As far as the Premier League goes this season, he has generally been up there with the best. ‘There’s definitely a lot to look up to and I can learn from him. He’s a great goal-scorer, really strong, he does a lot of things well that people don’t even realise to get him into position to score these goals. He’s someone I can learn from.’ American international Pulisic will aim to win his first Wembley final this weekend, having lost on his two previous visits in the 2020 and 2021 FA Cup finals. But the 23-year-old, who helped Chelsea win the Champions League last season and the Club World Cup earlier this month, admits Liverpool pose a ‘difficult’ challenge.  Klopp’s side have won 11 matches in a row – closing the gap to Premier League leaders Manchester City to just three points – and warmed up for the Carabao Cup final by thrashing Leeds United 6-0. Pulisic added: ‘The players Liverpool have and the style they play, they make things very difficult for you. ‘They are a high-pressure team, they have a lot of physical, fast players, dangerous up front. All of the above – they have a lot of good players so it is always a tough team and a good coach. ‘We’ve played in finals before. We’ve won and lost them but it’s about getting in the mindset and being ready to fight because in a final, that’s what they’re for. ‘It’s up for grabs, maybe not always the best football-playing team is going to win. ‘It is about grinding, fighting and winning that one-off game. That’s what we are going to do; hopefully we are going to get it done this time.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 