A woman who lost her job as an air hostess during the pandemic has become a car engineer. Jessica Downes, 23, from Abergele, Wales, lost her job as cabin crew with Thomas Cook in November 2019 after the company went bust. She managed to find a job shortly after at Virgin Atlantic but when the pandemic hit in March 2020, Jessica was unable to start her new job. And so, she decided to move back home. However, the move opened up a world of opportunities for Jessica and in September 2021, she started her new job as an engineer apprentice at Toyota. Having ditched the glamorous lifestyle, Jessica is now hoping to break the stereotype after receiving sexist comments during her assessment day. Sadly, before being offered the job, Jessica claims other candidates made comments about her looks. ‘I’ve always cared about my appearance,’ she explains. ‘I like to do my hair and makeup and I think that’s one of the reasons I wasn’t taken seriously by other candidates when I applied for my current engineering role. ‘When I lost my job as cabin crew, I felt like my dream had been crushed and I had never thought about doing engineering before but when I saw the vacancy, I realised I had all the qualifications and just went for it. ‘There were a lot of stages and tests but I ended up getting the job along with one other person from the assessment day out of 15 of us. ‘During the assessment day, I was the only female and I was subject to a lot of sexist comments. Some of the men questioned why I was applying for the role and others claimed I was only there so the company could fill a quota. ‘I really want to encourage other young women and girls to apply for these roles that are male dominated because it’s the best thing I’ve ever done.’ Jessica is now aiming to compete in the final of Miss Wales in May and is aiming to win. ‘I had never thought about doing beauty pageants before but I saw an advertisement come up online and had to go for it,’ she recalls. ‘I’ve made it to the final and it’s made me realise I can do anything I put my mind to. ‘Why can’t a girl do beauty pageants and love hair and makeup but also work as an engineer? ‘People might look at me and think I’m not that smart but I’ve always had good grades and have got to where I am now thanks to hard work. ‘I feel like my colleagues all accept me now and I’m seen as an equal – my gender doesn’t matter.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Britain’s loneliest dog has been in an animal shelter for nine years MORE : How to embrace oystering, the dating trend all about enjoying single life MORE : This simple, therapist-approved communication technique will help you stay connected to your partner