The number of car crash victims who suffer life-changing injuries on Britain’s roads has been partially revealed for the first time. Injuries like broken necks, lost limbs and deep, penetrating wounds are horrifyingly common but far rarer than the most frequent injury, whiplash – which hit nearly 13,500 people in 2020 alone. That represents a quarter of all people injured or killed in crashes. The figures, published by the Department for Transport (DfT), highlight the severe consequences of accidents on the country’s roads. The different injuries have been broken down into 20 categories to show the impacts of road accidents in 2020. Among the ‘very serious’ or ‘moderately serious’ injuries were nearly 800 fractured pelvises or upper legs; more than 500 broken necks or backs; almost 400 severe head injuries; 81 ‘deep penetrating wounds, and 35 losses of an arm or leg (partial or entire). The revelations will raise serious concerns about safety on British roads and what is being done to increase it – particularly given that they cover a period when traffic was lighter than normal due to Covid restrictions. The figures are also based on data from police forces that use injury reporting systems, which is only around half. That means the true number of crash victims suffering each type of injury will be much higher. Other common injuries described as ‘slight’ or ‘less serious’ include deep cuts (729 people), fractured arms, collarbones or hands (2,403 people) and sprains and strains (9,246). Severe head injuries were more frequent among injured pedestrians (2%) and cyclists (1.7%) than car occupants (0.3%). Steve Gooding, director of the RAC Foundation, said: ‘This breakdown shows just how many people suffer life-changing injuries even though they survive road collisions. ‘Putting numbers on the type and extent of injuries being suffered should help us design safer vehicles and roads.’ Mr Gooding urged all police forces to adopt injury reporting systems as they will be ‘crucial to the success’ of the Road Collision Investigation Branch proposed by the DfT to establish the causes of crashes and make safety recommendations. Jason Wakeford, head of campaigns at road safety charity Brake, said serious injuries from road crashes have ‘life-changing, long-term impacts for families up and down the country’ as they ‘tear apart lives and livelihoods’. He continued: ‘While these figures start to show deeper insight into serious injuries, it’s important that further evidence is collected to better understand the longer-term impacts of road collisions on people, the economy and public services.’ Mr Wakeford stressed the importance of crash victims and their families receiving ‘proper emotional and practical support’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Boy, 17, killed as car crashes into taxi with three arrested