Oxygen keeps us alive, but the way we breath can be harnessed to improve our overall health and wellbeing too. Deep breathing techniques and breathing exercises have long been employed to help us relax, to relieve anxiety, to help us fall asleep. But could we be doing even more with our breath? Personal trainer Dean Hodgkin, head of programming on leading community wellness and fitness app TRUCONNECT by TV.FIT, has shared the concept of ‘power breathing’ – a technique that’s designed to manipulate energy levels, improve concentration and relieve stress. Dean says that these simple to implement breathing techniques can be applied to everyday situations, and can make a real difference to our physical and mental health. Here, Dean explains what it is, and shares eight of his favourite techniques to try today: ‘When feeling stressed, the respiratory muscles can tighten, so chest expansion is restricted, and shallow and more rapid breathing occurs,’ Dean tells Metro.co.uk. ‘This is inefficient because only the upper part of the lungs are engaged in the process when in fact the lower lobes of the lungs are where there is greater blood flow, and so increased potential to absorb more energy-boosting oxygen.’ Dean says power breathing is the remedy for this. He says research shows this kind of breathing can enhance the parasympathetic nervous system, inducing a state of calm in the body, allowing it to rest, and repair. ‘It can also improve cardiac function, decrease the effects of stress and uplift both your mental and physical health,’ he says. So, how do you do it? ‘The following power breathing exercises can be performed at your work desk, on the train during your commute, or at home on the sofa, while some can be used alongside working out or taking on your favourite sports,’ says Dean. ‘Try the following techniques and remember that like any other form of exercise, practice makes perfect.’ ‘This will help to expel carbon dioxide and release tension in the sinuses and can be performed in any position at any time,’ says Dean. ‘This can enhance endurance, as well as the efficiency of the nervous and digestive systems,’ says Dean. Dean says: ‘This can be done at any time, whether sitting, standing, or walking.’ ‘Train your lungs to perform effectively, and your body to supply and utilise the oxygen more efficiently by using timing variations,’ says Dean. You can visit the TRUCONNECT by TV.FIT app to try your hand at mastering workouts and techniques including meditation, yoga, Pilates, strength, HIIT, cardio and more. MORE : How to breathe better MORE : The 20-minute workout: Full body Tabata MORE : How to be better at resting