Kim Kardashian has requested to be made single and officially end her marriage to Kanye West in new documents, it has been claimed. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star initially filed for divorce last February, and has since moved on from their romance with Pete Davidson. In new paperwork, obtained by TMZ, the mom-of-four has asked for a judge to grant their divorce, claiming that the rapper’s recent Instagram posts about their marriage, and her new relationship, have caused ‘emotional distress’. ‘I very much desire to be divorced,’ she reportedly stated in the documents, telling the judge that she has asked her ex to keep matters regarding their split private, but he ‘has not done so’. ‘Kanye has been putting a lot of misinformation regarding our private matters and co-parenting on social media which has created emotional distress.’ She also described his previous filing – in which he is thought to have requested that she gives up any martial privileges with future spouses regarding custody of their four children – as ‘unprecedented’, accusing him of ‘preventing or making it difficult for her to remarry’. The outlet reports she continued: ‘While I wish our marriage would have succeeded, I have come to the realization that there is no way to repair our marriage. Kanye does not agree but at least it appears that he has come to the realization that I want to end our marriage, even if he does not.’ Kim added that she needs to be single so that she ‘can begin the healing process and so that our family can begin the healing process and move forward in this new chapter in our lives’. The couple tied the knot in 2014, and share children North, Saint, Psalm and Chicago together. The Skims businesswoman filed for divorce at the beginning of last year, and later went public with her new romance, with SNL star Pete. Shedding light on what led to their split, she told Vogue US in a recent interview: ‘For so long, I did what made other people happy. And I think in the last two years I decided, I’m going to make myself happy. And that feels really good. ‘And even if that created changes and caused my divorce, I think it’s important to be honest with yourself about what really makes you happy. I’ve chosen myself. I think it’s okay to choose you. ‘My 40s are about being Team Me. I’m going to eat well. I’m going to work out. I’m going to have more fun, spend more time with my kids and the people who make me happy. I’m going to put my phone down. Unfollow if I don’t want to see something on Instagram.’ However, in recent weeks, Kanye shared numerous references to her new relationship on social media, calling out her new beau and begging for his ex-wife back. His uploads have included a picture of Pete’s body on a post where he branded the actor ‘a d***head’ and accused him of being Hillary Clinton’s ‘ex-boyfriend’. Ye has since deleted the posts, and issued an apology, accepting responsibility for ‘harassing’ his former partner. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kim and Kanye for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Evil Dead’s Bruce Campbell on why he’s ‘unimpressed’ with zombies compared to Deadites MORE : Ben Stiller has some thoughts on why Pete Davidson is so popular with women 