The roads out of Kyiv have filled with cars as families attempt to get to safer territory following the start of the Russian invasion. People inside the under-siege country have been warned not to panic but a state of martial law has been declared. In an address to the nation, president Volodymyr Zelensky told people to stay at home unless they are involved in critical work. But pictures showed cars bumper-to-bumper on the roads out of the capital with drivers attempting to get closer to the Polish border, where it is seen as safer. Inside Kyiv, it has been described as ‘eerily quiet’ although large queues have formed at ATMs as news of the ‘full-scale’ invasion spread. Explosions were heard at dawn in the capital as well as the country’s other big cities of Odesa and Kharkiv after Vladimir Putin’s announcement that the military operation had begun. Elsewhere, luggage was seen abandoned at Kyiv airport and planes were diverted from Ukrainian airspace. A striking image of the European flight map showed the skies above the country were completely empty despite crowds of aircraft elsewhere on the continent. Early in the morning, Kyiv’s metro system was busy with people, some of whom were carrying bags and suitcases. Others took to the stations to seek shelter from potential bombs. One of those hiding inside was Maria Kashkoska. She said: ‘I woke up because of the sounds of bombing. I packed a bag and tried to escape. We are sitting here, waiting. Another, Ksenya Michenka, looked deeply shaken as she took cover with her teenage son. ‘We need to save our lives,’ she said. Before the invasion began, there were fears that Ukraine’s neighbours would see hundreds of thousands of refugees flooding across the borders. Many countries have already pulled diplomats out as tensions heightened and the UK on Thursday morning told any remaining citizens to get out as quickly as possible. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.