Welcome back to How I Made It, where this week we’re looking at the career journey of a sportswoman. Helen Glover, 35, is a professional rower with a number of accolades to her name and gold Olympics wins. She’s also the first mum to ever qualify for the GB Olympic rowing team, which is one of her proudest feats. Now based in Berkshire, she’s working with rowing company Hydrow, whose high spec rowing machine keeps her motivated. At a high point in her career pre-motherhood, she was once unbeaten for 55 races. On returning to the sport as a new mum she trained through a fractured rib (which she didn’t even register at first) and while breastfeeding. Helen doesn’t do things by halves and admits a fear of failure kept her on the gold track path in her 20s, though now she focuses on doing her best to inspire her children. With that hardworking ethos, it’s no surprise she rose through the ranks. Here’s how she made it. Hey, Helen. How did you get into rowing? My way into the sport was really unique. I grew up in Cornwall and had never thought about rowing, but was very sporty. I took time to enjoy sport, I was very competitive and I did a lot of running. The Olympics were a world away from my reality. I went to university to become a PE teacher, and as I was leaving it was four years before the London Olympics. I applied to Sporting Giants, was tested and told I’d make a good rower – that’s how the sport found me. I’d never had an opportunity like this or committed to anything fully. I put my head down as it felt like a last chance. It might sound strange, to be told by someone I’ve never met before that I’d be good at a sport I’d never done before. What was it like being told that? I’m small for a rower even though I’m 5’9″, so I wasn’t quite the physicality of the other rowers. I had to be fitter and stronger to compensate for that. When I first got into the boat I was so far away from rowing the way I should have been – if you’d have told me the journey I’d go on I never would have believed it. When I think about how close I was to not taking up rowing… it was almost the flip of a coin. After being told I’d be good for it, I waited six or seven months to actually start as I was doing teacher training and wasn’t ready to quit my job. They called me and said: ‘Do you want to do this or not?’. When I picked up the phone I wasn’t sure what I was going to say. That sounds so down to the wire! What made you say yes? I didn’t think I’d go to the Olympics but I didn’t want to sit there and watch the rowing on 2012 and think I just never tried. So what happened at the point you committed to training? I was juggling teaching while training – it was brutal. I was getting up at 3am to train and then do a day of work as a teacher, then train more in the evening. I could only do that for two years. Then I met my rowing partner Heather Stanning, and we scraped onto the bottom of the British rowing team two years before the Olympics. That meant I could now train full-time, had some kind of a income, and I got better and better. As soon as I had that freedom to become a full-time athlete and quit teaching, it meant I was juggling less – though it was still tough. We trained every day with one Sunday off every three to six weeks. It would be an hour and a half of rowing in the morning, interval pieces in the day, and a weights session in the gym, interspersed with physio and nutrition appointments. How could you afford to make that switch? When do you start getting paid as an athlete? I was on the lowest sports grant at first, so it doesn’t cover your living costs or rent. It basically covered food costs, so I was working out how long I could last without progressing to the next pay bracket. A few months later, I got moved up and have enough to live on, though I wasn’t making any excess. You get to move up when you win championships. At what point does it change for an athlete to earn more than enough to just get by? It depends so much on the sport and the individual, but most athletes really do scrape by and do it for the love of the sport. Even after I won in London, I didn’t earn a lot of the back of that. My main income was from public speaking and some sponsorship work. There’s definitely a misconception around how wealthy athletes are. Is it hard doing a job that is largely a labour of love, knowing it’s short-lived compared to most careers? 100%. I think it’s particularly hard for athletes who don’t achieve what they want or are forced out through injury or illness. You retire in your 30s, knowing you’ve most likely acheieved the biggest thing you’ll ever achieve and you’re not yet 40 – you’ve got a lot of life to live after that. There’s a big issue of athletes struggling after the sport with their mental health because you retire early – and not under pots of gold. You have to find your next thing, and that thing has to be exciting to compete with what you just had. Where are you at now with your career? At 29, after Rio, I left rowing for four years. But I haven’t retired. In lockdown I got back into it and trained harder, then I noticed my scores were getting close to where they were before I left. I got really annoyed when I realised mums don’t come back to their sport because there isn’t the support for it. By this point I’d had my three kids. So when Tokyo was pushed back a year to 2021 I decided to get on the plane and show my kids what anyone could do, and that really excited me. It was also great to inspire other women. What do you love about the job? You have days where you’re out on a lake rowing with your best friend, being followed by your trainer, and you just think: ‘I’m so lucky’. Is there anything you dislike? Once you win once, especially at a home game, people are watching and waiting for you to compete and get the next gold, so you don’t see friends and family as much. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I started with nothing and now have my own gym business’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a florist and have designed arrangements for the Royals’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m one of the UK’s few courtroom artists, sketching out the biggest stars and stories’