BBC News reporter Clive Mryie has shared a terrifying update as he continues to report live from the ground in Kyiv, Ukraine. The foreign correspondent, who teared up on camera just last week as he revealed Russia had launched an attack on Ukraine by ‘land, sea, and air’, remains in the country’s capital as the conflict rages on. Clive shared a video of an explosion as he informed his followers that the bang was the ‘closest yet to our base’. ‘Now back in the underground shelter in Kyiv, our position shaken by nearby missile fire,’ he tweeted. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Windows shook. Closest blast yet to our base. Fighting coming closer to heart of #kyiv.’ Clive’s latest post comes after he and chief international correspondent Lyse Doucet had to put on flak jackets after their report from a rooftop in Kyiv was disrupted by an air-raid siren. Opening up to The Big Issue about his experiences reporting from war zones over the years, he said: ‘There is an adrenaline rush in being a journalist on the frontline, something that makes you want to go back for more, although for me I don’t think it’s the sense that I’m potentially in danger – it’s just about telling stories from incredible places. ‘And, usually, you see the very best of human nature and the very worst of human nature in a conflict situation. ‘Those are the best, most fascinating moments – when you’re going to get the most interesting human stories.’ Clive has reported on the ground from countries across the world including Tokyo, Paris, Vietnam, Los Angeles, and Iraq during the 2003 war. The reporter admitted he has been in ‘some dangerous situations’ but said he did not think about the danger. He added: ‘I just thought, “I want to be in a war-zone and experience and tell the story of conflict in a particular place”. ‘It’s interesting talking to soldiers and to those who do go into battle. You never ever think, really consciously, that you’re going to be the one who gets shot or blown up or killed. ‘Something has to present itself to you that makes it clear that you could be the one.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 