A security guard was kidnapped and kept as a ‘blood slave’ where almost a litre was drained from his veins once a month. The 31-year-old, identified only by his surname Li, narrowly avoided death after suffering multiple organ failure from the repeated forced donations. It is believed the gang were selling the blood to private buyers online. Li claimed he was trafficked in June last year after responding to a job advert to work as a nightclub bouncer in China’s southwestern region of Guangxi, the Beijing Youth Daily reported. He was smuggled to Sihanoukville, in Cambodia, by a criminal gang who sold him for £13,598 ($18,500) to another gang. They then attempted to force him to work for various telemarketing fraud schemes. In September Li refused to go and collect a ransom, so his captors started carrying out repeated extractions of his blood. He said he was threatened with being sold to organ harvesters if he didn’t give his blood, according to the Asia Pacific Times. A standard blood donation in the UK is around 16oz (470ml) – but Li was forced to donate 27oz (800ml). Men are allowed to donate blood every 12 weeks and women every 16 weeks, but Li was forced to give this amount every month for six months. His arms were covered with bruises from the needles and eventually the gang started drawing from his head because the veins in his arms failed to give enough blood. Li, who was previously a security guard in Shenzhen and Beijing, said at least seven other men had been captured alongside him. He told the South China Morning Post his blood was taken the most because he had the universal blood type O. He claimed the gang would use electric prods to beat him and the other men, adding they were treated ‘as tools for making money’. Li eventually escaped when a member of the gang betrayed his associates. He was admitted to hospital on February 12 and is now in a stable condition. The ‘blood slave’ claimed he was tricked by a fake job advertisement on the Chinese online classifieds platform 58.com. The company said last week it would cooperate with a police investigation in Cambodia, but had ‘not yet established’ whether the job was advertised on its website. The Chinese embassy in Cambodia confirmed parts of Li’s story last week, but did not mention 58.com. It said in a statement: ‘The Chinese embassy in Cambodia once again reminds Chinese citizens who want to work in Cambodia to follow formal channels and not to believe in false adverts for high-paying jobs.’ 58.com could not be immediately reached for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.