Idris Elba can easily give up acting and DJing for the model life after stealing the show at Ozwald Boateng’s London Fashion Week show. The Luther actor was among the stars who flocked to London’s Savoy Theatre on Monday night to attend Boateng’s first LFW show in 12 years, a celebration of Black British culture in fashion. It was a brilliantly eclectic night of sight and sound as Boateng incorporated traditional African prints into his designs and featured a vibrant soundtrack of Afrobeats and classic hip hop and soul, notably including a choir belting out Soul II Soul’s hit Back To Life (However Do You Want Me). Making for the grand finale, Idris, 49, slinked onto the stage with his ever-charming demeanour wearing a black suit from Boateng’s latest collection as a sultry instrumental piece of music played in the theatre, wooing the audience. Idris stroked his beard and unbuttoned his blazer to whoops and cheers from the spectators before waving the other models onto the stage. They included some familiar faces, with musicians Dizzee Rascal, Goldie, PA Salieu and Unknown T, while rapper and filmmaker Rapman and Top Boy actor Nicholas Pinnock were also among the famous models. The man of the night, Boateng, eventually joined the group on-stage to bask in his applause as the entire production danced together. Of course, the party didn’t stop there as the star-studded guests soon arrived at members-only club Annabel’s in Mayfair to continue the celebrations. Former Oasis rocker Noel Gallagher was pictured hanging out with his daughter Anais Gallagher, while rapper Tinie Tempah and James Bond actress Naomie Harris were spotted mingling with their fellow stars. Away from the celebratory nature of the night, a poignant moment saw a tribute to the late Jamal Edwards who died suddenly on Sunday aged 31. The SBTV founder’s name appeared on-screen at the beginning of the showcase to melancholic music, before the lights went down. Edwards’ death from a ‘sudden illness’ has left the music world in mourning with tributes continuing to pour in for the entrepreneur. Boateng, 54, is a respected figure in fashion after becoming the first Black person to helm a Parisian house after becoming creative director of menswear at Givenchy from 2004 until 2007. He hailed his return to LFW after more than a decade as a ‘celebration of the culture, the Black culture’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sky News presenter Kay Burley takes swipe at Adele’s date night outfit: ‘Ditch the coat love’ MORE : Jamal Edwards candlelit vigil held by his mural in Acton as devastated fans pay tribute to SBTV founder after his sudden death aged 31 