90210 actress AnnaLynne McCord has recited a poem to President Vladimir Putin after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Russia launched airstrikes across the country in the early hours of this morning, with troops crossing the Crimea border. President Putin gave the order for his invasion to begin, and issued a chilling warning to world leaders over a reaction, stating that they will ‘face consequences greater than any in history’ if they interfere. Following the news, 34-year-old AnnaLynne shared a video on Twitter over the atrocities. In the two-minute long clip, she recited a poem for the camera, directed towards Putin. ‘Dear President Vladimir Putin, I’m so sorry that I was not your mother,’ she began. ‘If I was your mother you would have been so loved, held in the arms of joyous light, never would the story’s plight the world unfurled before our eyes, a pure demise of nations sitting peaceful under a night sky. ‘If I was your mother, the world would have been warm. So much laughter and joy and nothing would harm. I can’t imagine the stain, the soul stealing pain, that the little boy you have seen and believed, and the formulation of thought quickly taught that you lived in a cruel unjust world. ‘Is this why you now decide no one will get the best of you? Is this why you do not hide nor away shy from taking back the world. Was it because so early in life, all that strife wrapped your little body with fear. She continued: ‘If I was your mother, if the world was cold I’d have died to make you warm. I’d have died to protect you from the unjust, the violence, the terror, the uncertainty, I would have died to give you life. Oh Dear Mr President Putin, if only I’d been your mother. ‘Perhaps you would hold dear human life and on this night instead of Mother Russia, you would call me and I would set your mind quite free with the love that only a mother can give. ‘And only a mother to take away, when holds she doesn’t harm at bay and leaves her boy for the promise of a man. Whatever your story, Mr President Putin, I can’t imagine how it feels in your heart but I know if I was your mother, I would be a start. ‘Towards the awareness of what a powerful being of light you could be if your mind was only free from the violence you’ve seen when you were just two or three. I cannot believe I was born too late. In a different place when I would have loved you so, watched you play wherever you go.’ The video has been watched more than 670k times and has left many divided, with fans questioning AnnaLynne’s decision to speak out, while others praised the brief clip. Her post comes after Putin gave the order for troops to cross the Crimea border. The Kremlin’s troops have captured Chernobyl during the invasion, following heavy fighting with defending troops. Following the news, President Joe Biden spoke out on the situation, describing Putin as ‘the aggressor’ as he announced sanctions on Russian banks. ‘Putin chose this war and now he and his country will bear the consequences,’ he said, before revealing sanctions on four more major Russian banks in addition to the ‘first tranche’ of sanctions that included two Russian financial institutions. ‘That means every asset they have in America will be frozen,’ he continued. ‘Our forces are not, and will not be, engaged in the conflict with Russia in Ukraine. ‘Our forces are not going to Europe to fight in Ukraine, but to defend our Nato allies and reassure those allies in the east.’ Biden vowed to protect every inch of Nato territory, adding: ‘Make no mistake – freedom will prevail.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West continues to take aim at Pete Davidson despite apology to Kim Kardashian over ‘harassment’ MORE : BTS make history as they are crowned global recording artist of the year for second time 