After Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield swung their way back into our lives in Spider-Man: No Way Home, there was just one thing we were missing. And, oh, how we’ve been spoiled. Along with Tom Holland, the Spider-Man stars have recreated the iconic Spider-Man meme and it is everything we could have ever hoped for. Donning their respective Spidey suits, the trio can be seen looking totally bemused as they point at each other. Well, Tobey and Andrew look totally bemused. Tom looks like he can’t believe what his life has come to and, honestly, we’re living for it. The official No Way Home Twitter account told us: ‘Of course, we got THE meme,’ adding: ‘Your new lock screen just dropped.’ No Way Home saw the trio of Spider-Men return alongside Zendaya as MJ and Jacob Batalon as Ned. Of course, we saw plenty of iconic villains reprise their roles, including Willem Dafoe as Green Goblin, Jamie Foxx as Electro and Rhys Ifans as Lizard. It definitely went down well, becoming the first pandemic-era film to reach $1billion (£746million) globally at the box office. Meanwhile, the bond between the actors has stayed strong, with Andrew revealing that he and Tobey snuck into an opening night screening to watch the film on the big screen together. ‘I still can’t believe it happened,’ Andrew said. ‘I snuck into a theater on opening night and just watched with my baseball cap on and my mask. ‘In fact, I was also with Tobey, me and Tobey snuck into a theater together and no one knew we were there. It was just a really beautiful thing to share together.’ The 38-year-old added to ET: ‘And to find a brotherhood with Tobey as well, and with Tom, and the fact that we do share a very unique experience.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  MORE : Spider-Man’s Andrew Garfield opens up on ‘precise agony’ of his mother dying: ‘It feels so lonely’ MORE : Daredevil star Charlie Cox admits moment he and Andrew Garfield feared they might risk ruining Spider-Man: No Way Home 