The European Broadcasting Union has confirmed Russia will not be competing in this year’s Eurovision Song Contest. It comes amid intense criticism from other countries, including Norway, Finland and Estonia, who called for the EBU to ban Russia’s involvement after its invasion of Ukraine this week. Only yesterday organisers described the competition as a ‘non-political cultural event’ while appearing to dismiss suggestions that Russia’s attack on its neighbour would result in the country being banned. However, in a statement released today, the EBU said the inclusion of a Russian entry – which hadn’t yet been chosen – in this year’s Contest would bring the competition into disrepute. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live It read: ‘The EBU has announced that no Russian act will participate in this year’s Eurovision Song Contest. ‘The Executive Board of the EBU made the decision following a recommendation earlier today by the Eurovision Song Contest’s governing body, the Reference Group, based on the rules of the event and the values of the EBU. The Reference Group recommendation was also supported by the EBU’s Television Committee. ‘The decision reflects concern that, in light of the unprecedented crisis in Ukraine, the inclusion of a Russian entry in this year’s Contest would bring the competition into disrepute. ‘Before making this decision the EBU took time to consult widely among its membership. ‘The EBU is an apolitical member organisation of broadcasters committed to upholding the values of public service. ‘We remain dedicated to protecting the values of a cultural competition which promotes international exchange and understanding, brings audiences together, celebrates diversity through music and unites Europe on one stage.’ Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries said she was ‘glad’ to see Russia had been excluded, tweeting: ‘Eurovision stands for freedom, unity and respect between countries – watched and enjoyed by tens of millions around the world. Glad to see @Eurovision taking action and kicking Russia out.’ The 66th edition of the annual competition is due to take in Turin after Italian rock band Maneskin triumphed during the 2021 contest. It comes as the European Union and others condemned the Russian invasion and promised tough sanctions to hit the Kremlin. Ukrainian state broadcaster UA:PBC had earlier called on the EBU, to suspend Russia’s membership and ban it from the contest, claiming Russian broadcasters have been ‘a mouthpiece for the Kremlin and a key tool of political propaganda’ and have taken part in ‘systematic dissemination of disinformation’ against Ukraine. It added this is ‘contrary’ to the values of the EBU. A statement from the contest, which is produced by the EBU, said (via PA News Agency): ‘The Eurovision Song Contest is a non-political cultural event which unites nations and celebrates diversity through music. ‘The EBU’s public broadcaster members in both Russia and Ukraine have committed to participating in this year’s event in Turin and we are currently planning to welcome artists from both countries to perform in May. ‘We of course will continue to monitor the situation closely.’ Last week, the act chosen to represent Ukraine in Turin, Alina Pash, withdrew from representing her country after facing scrutiny over a reported 2015 visit to Russia-occupied Crimea. Pash had been chosen in a televised national selection show and was due to perform her song Shadows Of Forgotten Ancestors, but pulled out after details of the trip emerged. People who enter the territory via Russia are considered by Ukraine to have illegally crossed the border. There is no suggestion Pash entered Crimea from Russia. She was replaced by rap group Kalush Orchestra with the song Stefania. 