A pro-Russian counter-protester was nearly punched at a tense demonstration in London on Saturday afternoon. Police intervened during an event to show support for Ukraine outside the Russian embassy, which was covered in messages, Ukrainian flags, eggs and fake blood. Paint was thrown as protesters called on Vladimir Putin’s forces to withdraw. A few hours after the demonstration began, one man – with an English accent – arrived with a Russian flag and stood on the other side of the road. He was confronted by demonstrators and officers suggested he leave. A visibly angered woman shouted: ‘People are dying, how can you support him (Putin)?’ She then raised a fist and aimed a punch at him before police stepped in. The man put the flag away and left but returned a short while later. A few officers stood around him while angry passers-by shouted at him. Hundreds had gathered outside the embassy in Kensington and at Downing Street on Saturday afternoon, waving flags, banners and placards. They sang the Ukrainian national anthem and chanted ‘Putin stop war’, ‘Putin go home’ and ‘free Ukraine’. The embassy’s walls were covered in chalk-written messages, egg stains and cracked shells. A man also rode past on a bike and threw paint at the wall at just after 3.30pm. A Metropolitan Police spokesman said: ‘Inquiries are ongoing and no arrests have been made. ‘The incident was not connected to a protest that was taking place outside the building at the same time.’ Police were also seen stopping and searching another protester. Dozens of people wore flags tied around their necks and held flowers. Protesters encouraged motorists to beep their horns in support, while a woman could be seen pressing the building’s intercom. On Sunday, demonstrators also gathered en masse in Trafalgar Square to show their support for Ukraine. One demonstrator in Kensington, Viktor Shevik, explained: ‘I’m disgusted with the actions of this dictator, this bully, this embassy needs to hear our message.’ The 52-year-old, who has lived in west London for 16 years after moving from Kyiv, added: ‘I worry for my people, we are brave people but Russia is a big country and it is raining bombs on children. ‘I hope the soldiers and people of Russia understand they do not need to fight for this maniac.’ Helena Kovalenko, 33, originally from northern Ukraine, added: ‘I’m so angry with Putin for invading my Ukraine. ‘I have family there, my mum and dad, and I’m so scared for them.’ Ms Kovalenko, who has lived in the UK for nine years, added: ‘I’m here today to call for this country to help – Putin has to go.’ Another Ukrainian, named Andriy, said he was there to call for other countries to ‘do more’. The 27-year-old said: ‘The world can’t watch as my people suffer – Putin is a Barbarian, he’s an animal. ‘If sanctions don’t stop him, the UK, the US and Europe must be prepared to do everything.’ The crowd, which blocked a path outside the embassy, shouted ‘down with Putin’ and held posters comparing the Russian leader to Hitler. Some had tears in their eyes, and one banner – held above the crowd – read ‘stop bombing my family’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Belarus troops ‘highly likely to back Russia’ in Ukraine war, official claims