Brian Cox delivered a powerful speech in support of Ukraine at the Screen Actors Guild Awards (SAG), after Russia launched an invasion of the country. The Logan Roy actor, 75, was joined by his Succession co-stars to accept the award for outstanding performance by an ensemble in a drama series – winning the gong over The Handmaid’s Tale, The Morning Show, Squid Game and Yellowstone. Appearing on stage at the Barker Hangar in Santa Monica on Sunday in a ‘f**k off’ face mask, he used the moment to urge everyone to stick together. Taking the mic at the ceremony, he said that the situation is ‘particularly awful in terms of what is affecting the other people, particularly in our profession.’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘The thing that’s really distressed me is what’s happening in Russia, to my fellow actors and actresses and performers, and writers and critics, they are told under pain of high treason that they cannot say a word about Ukraine,’ he told the audience. ‘And I think that is pretty awful. And I think we should all stand together.’ Heaping praise on the Ukrainian president, former actor Volodymyr Zelensky, Brian continued:’The president of Ukraine was a comic. ‘He was a wonderful comic performer, and we should respect that for him, and to come to the presidency is amazing.’ Following his speech, the Hollywood legend received a standing ovation from the audience as he left the stage with his Succession co-stars. Brian wasn’t the only famous face to refer to the escalating conflict during the evening. Leslie Odom Jr spoke of the situation during the opening segment for the ceremony, alongside his Hamilton co-stars Lin-Manuel Miranda and Daveed Diggs. ‘While tonight is a celebration, we are all at the same time holding a place in our hearts for the people of Ukraine, and sending our thoughts, prayers and hopes for impending peace,’ he said. Jean Smart also asked the audience and viewers at home to ‘pray for peace’ as she accepted the trophy for outstanding performance by a female actor in a comedy series, for Hacks. Their words came President Vladimir Putin’s military crossed the border of Ukraine on Thursday, and have been advancing towards capital city Kyiv over the weekend. The politician has now put Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert, ordering his defence minister and army chief to ‘transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’, according to the state-owned TASS news agency. In a statement on Sunday, Mr Putin said: ‘Western countries aren’t only taking unfriendly actions against our country in the economic sphere, but top officials from leading NATO members made aggressive statements regarding our country. ‘I mean illegitimate sanctions, which everyone is well aware of. ‘Senior officials of the leading NATO countries also allow aggressive statements against our country, therefore I order the Minister of Defense and the Chief of the General Staff [of the Russian Armed Forces] to transfer the deterrence forces of the Russian army to a special mode of combat duty’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Susanna Reid ‘physically sick’ as Vladimir Putin orders Russia’s nuclear forces on high alert amid Ukraine invasion MORE : Euphoria: Will there be a season 3? 