The family of a black equal rights campaigner gunned down in London have said she will recover to tell her own story. Mum-of-two Sasha Johnson was shot in the head at a house party in Peckham in May 2021 – and has remained in hospital ever since. Now the family have released an image of Ms Johnson, 28, after she was left with catastrophic and permanent injuries – and pledged to get justice as they appealed for witnesses to come forward. Ms Johnson lost an eye and currently has no movement down one side of her body as a result of the shooting, which has seen her undergo multiple operations. Four masked men had stormed into the gathering and shot Ms Johnson at close range, but authorities insist they do not believe the shooting was targeted. Now Ms Johnson’s mother, Ellet Dalling, and her sister, Shakira Williams, have given an emotional interview after a criminal case against four men accused of the shooting collapsed. Speaking at New Scotland Yard on Monday, Ms Dalling said: ‘She is strong, she is a fighter and she will come and tell the story of who did this to her.’ Ms Johnson, who has two young sons, is a founding member of the Taking The Initiative Party and had been a prominent figure in the Black Lives Matter movement last summer. Her sister said that despite the case collapsing amid what police described as a ‘wall of silence’, the family are determined that they will get justice. Ms Williams said: ‘One of the only things that’s kept us going is our faith. We were hurt, but we had to pull ourselves together because breaking now is not it. And we learned that it’s not over. This is a bump in the road.’ It comes after prosecutor Mark Heywood QC told the Old Bailey last week that a prosecution could not go ahead for reasons that could not be set out fully in open court. The decision followed a rare notification hearing, held behind closed doors, which can be used in cases that involve evidence from informants or listening devices. Her mother added: ‘We will get justice, and Sasha will come and let us get justice.’ Fighting back tears, Ms Dalling said that she has been able to speak to her daughter in hospital. ‘I told her she was going to be OK. She nodded her head at me, she squeezed my hand.’ Urging witnesses to come forward, Ms Dalling continued: ‘Don’t let it happen to someone else again. Don’t go silent. These people that did this to Sasha need to come off the street. We need justice for Sasha. ‘So please, I’m asking everyone at the party to come out and speak out for Sasha. We need justice.’ Ms Williams said: ‘The silence is crazy, when you’re supposed to be shouting. A life. My sister. ‘It could have been yours.’ The pair praised the strength of Ms Johnson’s two sons Cavali, 11, and Mykell, seven. Ms Dalling said: ‘They are strong. They’re keeping it for their mum.’ In a moving statement addressed to her sister, Ms Williams described the family’s ordeal over the past nine months. She said: ‘We were left emotionally scarred and damaged on May 23 last year. We all got shot in the head. And the pain has been so much at times. It’s like we couldn’t breathe. ‘How ironic because when you saw that George Floyd couldn’t breathe 1000s of miles away, you took it to the streets of the UK to fight for justice. ‘I can’t put it into words, but the journey has been devastating.’ She added: ‘What happened in darkness will always come to light. The people involved in hurting my sister can toast all that makes them happy for now. But Sasha will one day wake up and tell her story. ‘Because it seems she’s the only one with the strength of character that can speak out the truth to shed light on what happened to her. ‘Gun violence is a dangerous crime. We need to save lives and prevent future shooting by speaking out. Sasha you’re a born leader. Say her name. Sasha Johnson, our everything. Wake up Sasha and finish your race.’ Detective Chief Inspector Nigel Penney who is leading the investigation into the shooting said many witnesses have refused to come forward. He said: ‘Our biggest challenge is the wall of silence we have faced when appealing for witnesses to come forward. ‘Sasha was at a party when she was shot. There were plenty of people there yet many have not been willing to speak to us. ‘I know it is daunting, but our officers are here to do all we can to support anyone who is willing to come forward.’ People with information are asked to contact the police incident room on 020 8721 4622. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555111 or online. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Trial collapses dramatically against four men accused of shooting Sasha Johnson