James Argent is ‘nearly back to his best’ following his admission of a ‘very bad relapse’ in early February, according to reports. The former The Only Way Is Essex star revealed that paramedics were called to his home after he spiralled following an alcoholic drink on a night out after two years of sobriety. However, the 34-year-old has apparently recovered well from his setback with the help of visiting a rehab walk-in centre six days a week and has ‘stunned’ friends with the speediness of his bounce back. A source told The Sun Online: ‘James is doing really, really well. He’s nearly back to his best and considering how bad things were a week or so ago everyone is pretty stunned at how he’s turned things around. ‘But James is a fighter. His recent blip was exactly that, a blip, and he has no intention of letting it turn into a longer term period of illness.’ The reality TV star, who has now lost 14 stone in weight following gastric sleeve surgery in April 2021, shared that the recent relapse ‘hit me like a ton of bricks’ after giving into his cravings. Paramedics responding to his ‘shocked and worried’ friends’ call conducted tests and confirmed it was safe for Arg to recover at home, where he remained for two days sleeping it off. He is now proving to his loved ones that his recovery is a priority through his rehab centre visits. Previously paramedics had visited his home twice before in 2019, once following an overdose and once after he went missing for 48 hours. Arg has revealed that his alcohol cravings have worsened since his dramatic weight loss following a £10,000 gastric sleeve surgery, which helped him to shed weight gained from bingeing junk food during the pandemic. At the time, doctors had told him the operation was necessary, warning him to ‘lose weight or die.’ The star added that, since his relapse, he still doesn’t ‘feel 100%’, telling The Sun: ‘I’m anxious, tired, scared and worried but I’m putting the work in and doing everything I possibly can.’ At his heaviest, Arg reached 27 stone, following a battle with an eating disorder. Since pledging to lose weight and improve his lifestyle, he has been sharing his journey with his followers and has appeared on Loose Women alongside his mum to share his transformation and mental health struggles. He has also taken part in reality TV series The Real Dirty Dancing, which follows 10 famous faces as they move into a stunning lakeside location, reminiscent of the original Kellerman’s resort in the iconic film, where their dance moves will be well and truly put to the test. Co-host Keith Lemon shared that he had been moved to ‘tears’ by one of his routines, telling host Steph McGovern on Steph’s Packed Lunch: ‘When Arg was dancing with Anthea Turner, I teared up. ‘I thought to myself “Oh god, I’m going too soft.” I think I hid. It moved me, you know. He’s had some troubles and he did really well. Everyone did really well.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted a rep for James Argent for comment. MORE : Jay Blades teases return to Strictly after stint on Christmas Special: ‘Watch this space!’ MORE : McFly’s Dougie Poynter ‘splits from girlfriend Maddy Elmer’ after three years 