Ralf Rangnick wants Marcus Rashford to emulate Manchester United teammate Jadon Sancho as he searched for his best form but insists the England forward is impressing in training. Rashford has only scored twice since the end of October and was criticised by Premier League legends Paul Scholes and Jamie Carragher after United’s draw with Atletico Madrid in the Champions League. The 24-year-old struggled to make an impact against the Spanish side and his replacement, Anthony Elanga, scored an equaliser after coming off the bench. Rangnick says Manchester United are working hard with Rashford and dismissed any notion of the forward still suffering the after-effects of post-Euro 2020 shoulder surgery. United’s interim manager also said Rashford could emulate Red Devils teammate and close friend Sancho, who has begun to impress at Old Trafford following an underwhelming first few months at the club. ‘He is definitely not injured. He doesn’t have any issues with his shoulder anymore,’ Rangnick said at his pre-match press conference on Friday. ‘We have talked a lot about Marcus in the last couple of weeks and I have personally spoken a lot with him. There is nothing else to add on that, it’s with him like it is with all the other players. ‘If it counts they are on the pitch, starting, as he was against Atletico Madrid and they just have to perform, but I know he is not happy with his performance right now but it doesn’t help if we discuss that every week. ‘We can all make our thoughts as to what it could be but I don’t see any reason why he should not be happy. ‘Our results have been good in the last couple of weeks and months, the team is in good shape. ‘Right now he is trying to find his best possible shape and performance and we are just trying to give him that helping hand with everything we can, showing him video footage and speaking with him regularly. ‘In training, he is in top form and shape and that is why I played him, but now it’s about transforming that performance from training into the league and this is the next step he has to take.  ‘By the way, we had a very similar situation with Jadon six or seven weeks ago and he is the best example about what can happen, it’s the player himself who has to perform and get the best out of his own performance. This is the same for Marcus now.’ Rashford will hope to rediscover his best form on Saturday when Manchester United host relegation-battlers Watford, but former Liverpool defender Carragher believes he should be dropped. ‘Marcus Rashford has been in this team since he was a kid,’ Carragher told CBS Sports after United’s draw with Atletico Madrid. ‘He burst onto the scene and he’s always threatened to go to that next level, when the top players get to, and he’s not there yet. ‘We’ve got to the stage now where I don’t think he should be in Manchester United’s XI. His performances this season don’t warrant being in the team.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 