Are you ready to get back into the dating scene with gusto? Well, you’re not the only one. The team at dating app Badoo came up with the term ‘oystering’ – meaning seeing the world of romance as your oyster after a breakup – after a survey of 1,000 UK daters found that almost half of them (46%) feel excited to get dating again, and 50% are ready to get 2022 off to a strong dating start. Their global dating expert, Sophie Mann, said: ‘Dating is daunting after a relationship, but it doesn’t need to be. Ultimately, dating should be fun, and what better way to get over a breakup than having some fun? ‘We’ve seen many people getting back into dating, and we predict this new trend of seizing the “dating” day will shine through as many singletons are feeling confident to go out there and get what they want.’ If you want some tips on how to jump back into single life, we’ve got some advice from Badoo’s Natasha Briefel on how to oyster with your chest. Funnily enough, trying to enjoy dating before you’re actually ready to date again can kind of get in the way of the fun part. Don’t worry about rushing back out there – the dating scene will still be there when you’re ready for it. ‘Putting yourself back out there after a breakup might be easier said than done,’ Natasha tells us. ‘You have to make sure that you’re really ready before doing so to protect yourself from further heartbreak. ‘Allow yourself to take some time out before embracing oystering – the end of a relationship is a great time to take some time to reflect and come to terms with the break-up, and that’s something that can’t be rushed.’ Don’t worry about setting boundaries to keep things casual from the get-go. Natasha highlights a feature on Badoo that allows you to make your intentions clear from the start, adding that this kind of ‘clarity is really key, so everyone feels comfortable at all stages.’ Part of the joy of being single is the ability to try a wide range of new things with new people, so why opt for a carbon copy of someone with whom it didn’t work out? ‘Oystering is all about seeing the world as your oyster, so date anyone you please,’ Natasha says. ‘Try exploring and connecting with different types of people than you might not normally. ‘Whether you’ve been away for six months or six years, the dating scene changes so often, so you’re sure to have a totally new experience.’ At the end of the day, dating was always meant to be fun. Natasha says: ‘After having a break from dating, it’s exciting to get back out there. Revel in the thrill of putting yourself back out there, getting to know new people, and making new connections. ‘Being single is never a bad thing; it’s a time to enjoy yourself and find out what you might want from your next dating journey.’ She adds: ‘Have new dating experiences, and make new memories because there’s no better opportunity than now.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : ‘Micro-dating’ might actually help you spend more quality time with a partner – this is how to do it MORE : How to protect yourself from romance scams and dating fraudsters MORE : From bot love to ‘comvaxability’ – these are set to be the big dating trends of 2022