Katie Price and Carl Woods put on a united front as they headed on a romantic weekend break, not long after he was charged with threatening and abusive behaviour. The former glamour model whisked her fiance off on a luxury getaway to the New Forest last weekend to celebrate Woods’ 33rd birthday. They were pictured arriving at the exclusive Lymwood House Hotel where they are reported to have spent over £2,000 with rooms costing £600 per night. Price, 43, looked relaxed and content as she clung onto her dog’s leash while standing outside Woods’ Range Rover Evoque. Woods was seen helping Price retrieve her belongings from the car before heading off to enjoy the romantic weekend for two. During their stay, Price pulled out all the stops to make it a special birthday for the former Love Island star, decorating the hotel with gold and black balloons and fashioning them into a heart-shaped arch. She also gifted her partner with a bucket filled with his favourite chocolates, including Dairy Milk, Ferrero Rocher and Galaxy, as well as a supply of Corona beer. ‘Look at my birthday surprise for the weekend. Look. You done good babe. Even the beers have got my name on,’ Woods said on Instagram. The couple then enjoyed a relaxing evening at the spa, which included a sauna and heated swimming pool. They had previously celebrated Woods’ 33rd birthday on Tuesday, with Price taking him out for a meal at Sheesh restaurant in Chigwell, Essex, where they had their first date. Their getaway took place just hours after Woods was charged with threatening and abusive behaviour under section 4 of the public order act. Essex Police told The Sun in a statement: ‘A man arrested following an incident in Little Canfield, on August 23 2021, has been charged. ‘Carl Woods, 33, has been charged under Section 4 of the Public Order Act. He is due to appear at Colchester Magistrates Court on March 10.’ Woods later released his own statement denying he had ‘punched or hit’ Price during the incident last summer. In his Instagram stories, he said: ‘Katie Price was never punched or hit. There has been no charge for this. Nor has Katie ever been controlled. ‘As I’ve said, if you think this women is controllable you must be out of your mind [sic]. ‘The original alleged assault story sold was worth thousands and full of make pretend events. Unfortunately for me, I’ve been dragged into the drama series that is this particular life I’m living as have so many others.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘It’s like waiting for Christmas’: Kate Garraway’s kids eagerly await dad Derek Draper’s return home after year in hospital MORE : Rylan Clark tricked into being face of friend’s bed store: ‘I’m gonna kill you’ 