Thomas Tuchel faces an anxious wait over the fitness of key players Hakim Ziyech and Mateo Kovacic ahead of Sunday’s Carabao Cup final against Liverpool. Chelsea all but booked their place in the quater finals of the Champions League after a convincing 2-0 win over Lille at Stamford Bridge last night, courtesy of goals from Kai Havertz and Christian Pulisic. Attention will, however, quickly shift to this weekend’s Wembley showdown against Jurgen Klopp’s in-form side who have won eight successive matches in all competitions. Chelsea were the last team to take points off the resurgent Reds in the Premier League but Tuchel could potentially be without two of his most influential stars, after both Kovacic and Ziyech failed to last 90 minutes against Lille. Indeed, Tuchel admitted he made an error and should have substituted Kovacic at half-time after the Croatia international limped off six minutes into the second period. ‘I don’t know,’ said Tuchel when asked if either player would be available for selection at the weekend.  ‘I should have subbed Kova earlier, at half-time. Hopefully it’s okay. I didn’t see Hakim’s injury. I hope it’s not too much but it’s a little bit the story of the season. Those injuries follow us.’ Tuchel was at least heartened by the display of N’Golo Kante who produced one of his best performances of the season having, himself, struggled with injuries of the course of a stop-start campaign. ‘Yes, but let’s say it [this performance] was not building up in the last weeks. He had some problems finding his strengths and his rhythm after his injury and after he was out for some games. ‘Today he was back at the top level, got better every minute throughout the game, and instantly it has a huge impact. ‘But this is not a surprise. We were waiting for it for some games now and today he found his rhythm, had a huge impact and had an absolutely top performance.’ MORE : Arsenal legend Thierry Henry questions Chelsea’s Romelu Lukaku transfer after Thomas Tuchel drops striker MORE : Thierry Henry tells Christian Pulisic how to reach Eden Hazard’s level for Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 