Tuesday is a tricky day to get right. You’ve got to capture that start-of-week Monday energy and use it to push you on through, and we’re here to help with horoscope predictions to boost your week. Now’s the time to clarify your relationships, Virgo. Sagittarius, finish that work that’s been hanging over you like a black cloud. Read on for a full set of forecasts March 21 to April 20 You may be asking yourself questions that don’t have easy answers, and this can be down to the emphasis on the private and soulful sectors of your chart. Though this could be frustrating and might seem to send you on a journey to nowhere, eventually you’ll join the dots. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 It’s time to feed your mind and let yourself explore new possibilities. It could be your attraction to someone that sparks a new interest, a desire to travel or the opportunity to study. You might both share a passion that seems to bring you closer and closer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Lunar ties could push you to think about your future if you’re getting a tad bored of your present activities. You may be ready for happenings that will liven things up by giving you a challenge, something to learn or new ideas and opportunities to play with. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Are you trying to ignore what your inner voice is telling you? Today’s lunar links could find you eager to push aside those intuitive nudges and perhaps do anything rather than take note of what you feel. It might not be as bad as you think, though. A pause for reflection is required. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 With jovial Jupiter in your money zone, you may be lulled into a false senseof security. You’ll let money go out, believing that it will flood back in on the next tide – and it could do if you play your cards right. If you invest rather than spend, you will eventually find that you reap a reward. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Does a new relationship need to be strengthened? While there is a strong emphasis on your sector of relating, there is also potential for a bond to be a tad vague so that you aren’t sure whether you’re an item or just friends. If this is getting to you then you need to have a talk. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Wish you had more hours in the day? You could have if you made better use of your time. If you tend to spend too long on activities that are unproductive and not enough on those that earn you a living or keep you fit and healthy, then something needs to shift. A few tweaks might do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 This could be the week when a relationship gets even tighter. While you usually have no illusions about such things, you might be tempted to put this person on a pedestal. You’ll also spot their flaws faster than most so be preparedfor this too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 There may be tensions at home, not so much because of what is being done but because of what’s not being done. There might be some resentment if it seems you’re tackling the housework or household responsibilities with not enough help from others. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 There is potential for a level of communication that is almost telepathic, especially if you and another are already close or getting closer. At this level you can read each other like a book and are happy for things to be this way. Even so, there is also the chance of unsettling mixed messages. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 There may be things you do because you’ve got into the habit and it’s likely you don’t even give them that much thought any more. But they might be costing you more than you realise. This is a good time to become more self-aware and to think about the consequences of actions. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The emphasis on your sign means you’re getting closer to understanding what motivates you and what you want. You’ll intuitively understandwhat others need too and why they behave as they do. Put yourself forward and share your talents with the world. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness