Ukrainian housewives resisting Russia’s invasion said they are good at making Molotov cocktails because it is ‘just like cooking’. Whilst Vladimir Putin has successfully launched his Ukrainian invasion, the eastern European country has not stopped putting up a brave fight. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy told his citizens to take up arms against Russia and that is exactly what many of them have done. Footage shows hundreds of people gathered to make petrol bombs – flammable material in a glass bottle lit with some type of cloth as a fuse. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Many different types of people gathered in the city of Dnipro on Saturday, including lawyers, English teachers and housewives who told the BBC: ‘We’re good at cooking and this is just the same thing.’ People making the bombs said ‘this is not how they wanted to spend their Saturday afternoon but they don’t know what else to do’. Hundreds were seen queuing to sign up to fight for Ukraine in the same city, Sky News reported. Many have vowed to ‘give Putin hell from every house’ and countless acts of defiance have been seen in just three days. Marine Vitaly Shakun has been hailed as a hero by the Ukrainian military after he blew up the Henichesk bridge, in the Kherson region, while he was still on it so he could ‘significantly slow down’ the Russians. The General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine posted on social media about its ‘heroic brother’, saying to Russia: ‘Invaders, know the earth under your feet will burn’. On Snake Island, about 186 miles from Crimea, a group of Ukrainian soldiers refused to surrender to Russia. As a Russian ship arrived to take the island, it told Ukrainian troops: ‘Lay down your arms and surrender to avoid bloodshed and unnecessary victims otherwise we will open fire on you.’ A soldier daringly responds so just his comrades can hear him: ‘Go f**k yourself’. Some 13 of these Ukrainian troops were killed. But it is not just the Ukrainian military who are standing up to Russia, as regular citizens are putting themselves on the line too. A bystander filmed one local squaring up to a huge convoy of Russian military vehicles. At least two of the vehicles struggled to avoid the man who stood in front of them but they all eventually made their way around him. There have been many other, more symbolic acts of rebellion from the people who have not left Ukraine. Powerful footage shows a woman singing the Ukrainian national anthem as she cleans up shattered glass in her Kyiv apartment damaged by Russian bombs. By the end of the clip, the woman has started to cry. In another video which has since gone viral, a Ukrainian woman confronted Russian soldiers, telling them to put sunflower seeds in their pockets so Ukraine’s national flower will grow when they die. She tells an armed soldier: ‘Take these seeds and put them in your pockets, so at least sunflowers will grow when you all lie down here. ‘You’re occupants, you’re fascists. What the f*** are you doing on our land with all these guns? ‘You will lie down here with the seeds. You came to my land. Do you understand? You are occupiers, you are enemies.’ Millions of people around the world have gathered for protests and other acts of solidarity. Streets in London, New York, Sydney, Tokyo, Nicosia, Berlin, Athens, Helsinki, Madrid and Milan have been transformed into seas of yellow and blue. Many are urging western leaders – who have imposed sanctions on Russia – to do more to help Ukraine. Whilst Nato has not sent troops or weapons to Ukraine – as the country is not a nation – it has deployed its resources to Ukraine’s surrounding countries that are members. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.