Rita Ora and Taika Waititi couldn’t keep their hands off each other as they attended Fendi’s show at Milan Fashion Week, with the pair looking completely loved up. The couple, who have been dating since last year, have largely kept their relationship on the down low. But that didn’t stop them cuddling up to each other as they enjoyed the show, looking adorable. Director Taika, who rocked a pastel blue suit, looked completely content as Rita, who donned an all-white look, leaned into him. The couple could also be seen smiling as Taika, 46, placed an arm around Rita, 31. So cute! Bella Hadid walked the runway at the show, showing off the designer’s Fall/Winter 2022/2023 collection. Meanwhile, Milan Fashion Week is already looking pretty star-studded, with Kim Kardashian also seen rocking up to the event. Rita and Taika are believed to have begun dating in March last year as they were virtually inseparable while hunkered down in Australia as the filmmaker worked on the upcoming Thor instalment. They then made their public debut at The Suicide Squad premiere in August. That month, the couple were seen rubbing shoulders with the stars, having celebrated Taika’s 46th birthday together with the likes of Kate Beckinsale, Kristen Stewart, Charli XCX, Jodie Turner-Smith and Ashley Benson, alongside a mariachi band and decorations adorned with Taika’s face. The pop star addressed their relationship for the first time and coyly told Australian Vogue: ‘I’m in a great place in my life, that’s all I’m going to say about that.’ A source previously confirmed their relationship and told The Sun: ‘They’ve been a couple since early March but kept things low key. However, all their friends know about the relationship – they’re really into each other.’ More recently, Rita opened up on keeping her relationship private, telling the Independent: ‘I think protecting something that you really care about, you’ve got to have a sense of privacy a little bit,’ which she attributes to having so much scrutiny on her personal life in the past. She added: ‘It’s OK to be a bit more reserved with things that you find private and want to protect.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rita Ora says freezing her eggs was ‘best thing’ she did as she opens up on Taika Waititi relationship MORE : MTV EMAs 2021: Rita Ora dazzles with boyfriend Taika Waititi as she joins Ed Sheeran and Saweetie on red carpet 