Lindsay Lohan has finally joined TikTok and it’s safe to say her first video has got people talking – as she revealed we have all been saying her name wrong this whole time. The actress, 35, made her debut on the video sharing platform this month where she uploaded a quick video to introduce her channel. She told her followers: ‘Hey everyone. It’s Lindsay Lohan, and guess what? Now I’m on TikTok.’ While the prospect of Lindsay’s channel is exciting enough on its own, what really got fans talking was the way she pronounced her name. Instead of Low-han, as pretty much everyone else has been saying it all this time, Lindsay pronounced her surname as ‘Lowen’, leaving fans questioning everything they thought they knew. They commented: ‘Lindsay… lowen?’ and ‘Wait. Lindsay “LOWEN”?!? I’ve been saying it wrong my whole life?!?’ Others added: ‘U pronounced ur name wrong’ and ‘Have I been pronouncing your name wrong my entire life? I thought it was LoHAAN.’ Some were done with celebrities telling us their surnames are not pronounced how we thought they were, adding: ‘I can’t with this anymore… first Ariana Grande, then Taylor Lautner, now you. Have I said any words right in my life??????’ Another added: ‘Lowen? Loutner? Grandee? Okey they gotta be messing with us at this point.’ Lindsay later treated fans to a brilliant lip-sync of her 1998 children’s classic movie, The Parent Trap, where she channeled the Californian twin Hallie mocking her British twin Annie. Slipping back into the role she played as a child, Lindsay mimed: ‘Yes, you want to know the difference between us? I have class and you don’t.’ The much-loved children’s classic was Lindsay’s first acting role and saw her play both twins who were separated at birth, with one being brought up by her mother in Britain and the other living with her father in California after their parents split up. The pair accidentally cross paths at a summer camp and come up with a plan to switch places and get their parents back together. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lindsay Lohan makes light of DUI arrests by bejewelling an ankle tag in Super Bowl advert MORE : Paris Hilton talks burying hatchet with Lindsay Lohan after infamous feud: ‘It was very immature’ 