The crisis in Ukraine is entering a frightening new phase, one which could herald the start of the bloodiest conflict in Europe since 1945. Russia’s military action in Ukraine has been ongoing since 2014 but full-scale war now looks like it is poised to break out. Vladimir Putin has repeatedly insisted he does not intend to invade his neighbour but the facts speak for themselves. As many as 190,000 troops have encircled the country and the Russian government has officially recognised two rebel governments which are already at war with Kyiv. There are reports that Russian troops have crossed into the east of the country after the Kremlin authorised a ‘peacekeeping’ mission. Mr Putin gave a rambling public address last night about why he considers Ukrainian statehood to be an illegitimate concept concocted by the Bolsheviks that robbed Russia of territory. But the scale and extent of any military action remains unclear and the world is still trying to figure out what Mr Putin has planned. Here’s a rundown of the big questions, what we know so far and what we might find out before much longer. The simple answer to that is ‘yes – in 2014’ – but there’s more to it. How did we get here? Following a pro-Europe revolution eight years ago, Russian forces annexed Crimea – a peninsula to the south of Ukraine – and covertly funnelled support to forces in Donetsk and Luhansk (collectively known as the Donbas). Those forces established the Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People’s Republic (LNR). This week Vladimir Putin announced he was formally recognising those states, the first step toward incorporating them into Russia, which both border. He also announced ‘peacekeeping’ forces would be sent in to the DNR and LNR amid trumped up claims that Ukrainian forces are attacking the areas. There has been heavy fighting in recent days but Kyiv is unequivocal that they have not provoked it. Columns of military vehicles have been seen in Ukraine overnight but with so much Russian activity undeclared, it’s hard to know for sure exactly how many soldiers have crossed the border. EU foreign policy chief Josep Borrell said that ‘Russian troops have entered in Donbas’ adding that ‘I wouldn’t say that (it is) a fully-fledged invasion, but Russian troops are on Ukrainian soil’. The problem is, the word ‘invasion’ incorporates a lot of grey areas – which the Kremlin is adept at exploiting – so different sides will keep disagreeing on what constitutes an invasion. The British government has made up its mind though – it believes the ‘invasion has begun’, meaning the annexation of Ukrainian territory has entered a new phase. People living in those areas have had the right to live and work in Russia for several years despite the fact Moscow did not consider them as legitimate states, officially at least. Recognising them as independent kills the Minsk process – the stalled peace talks between Russia and Ukraine – and is seen by some as the first step towards subsuming them into the Russian Federation entirely. It also confirms what we have long known to be true: Russia is supporting an armed insurrection against the Ukrainian state designed to split the country up. Ukraine – and most of the world –  has made clear it will not accept this and continues to consider the DNR, LNR and Crimea as illegally occupied Ukrainian territory. Vladimir Putin’s announcement that he was formally recognising the independence of the republics did not answer this crucial question. After years of fighting, the borders of the LNR and DNR are largely settled along the eastern flank of the Donbas. But neither republic comprises anywhere near a majority of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions (known in Ukraine and Russia as ‘oblasts’). If Mr Putin is content that the borders of the DNR and LNR are where they should be, theoretically not a great deal will necessarily change on the ground militarily. If he thinks the DNR and LNR should stretch right across the historic boundaries of those regions, then that raises the prospect of a military assault to push Ukraine’s forces back hundreds of miles into the west of the country. Some Russian lawmakers have suggested they consider the latter the way forward but Mr Putin himself has been vague. Lawmakers met in Moscow today to ratify Mr Putin’s announcements and discuss this nuance – but we’ll only know for sure when we hear it from the president’s mouth. Only one man knows the answer to that question: Vladimir Putin. He has made it clear he does not accept Ukraine’s right to independence and considers its land to be part of Russia’s imperial birthright. He has amassed a terrifying force on the border which most military analysts agree is theoretically enough for a campaign across the country. Western intelligence are particularly concerned about the forces in Belarus, which lies just 50 miles from the capital of Ukraine. It was reported earlier this week that some in the White House now fear an assault on Kyiv is the most likely tactic. The British government also believes this sort of wide-ranging campaign is the most likely outcome. With forces waiting to the north and east of Ukraine, as well as to the south in Crimea and the Black Sea, Russia could attack from a number of places. Cities like Kharkiv, Mariupol and Sumy – which are close to where Russian soldiers are already stationed – could be among the first to be invaded. If Russia was successful in taking Ukraine – which military analysts believe is overwhelmingly likely given the size differential between the two armies – then they would likely seek to install a puppet government. In a highly unusual step last month, the Foreign Office revealed it has intelligence that Yevhen Murayev, a former Ukrainian MP, was being lined up by the Kremlin to lead it, a charge he denies. The US ambassador to the UN has disclosed this week that the Americans believe Moscow has drawn up a list of opposition figures and dissidents who would be killed or sent to camps after an invasion. It’s less clear whether Russia would seek to occupy the country for any length of time after a regime it could easily control had been installed. The Ukrainians, on the other hand, will fight. The army is well outgunned but well prepared for an attack and there would be civil, guerilla resistance too. Many everyday Ukrainians have taken up weapons training and the West has warned Moscow it could get sucked into a long, bloody conflict fought in the streets. Western governments have begun to set out the sanctions it will hit Russia with, holding the most stringent in reserve in the event of any further military action. The package has been described as ‘never before seen’ and is designed to cut Russia’s economy off from valuable markets, increasing the pressure on Mr Putin at home by stoking domestic pressures as living standards slump. One of the most contentious issues among Western government is about whether to cut back on buying Russian gas. Germany, which is reliant on imported energy, has made the shock announcement it would reassess the Nord Stream 2 project, a decades-long infrastructure plan with Russia which is worth billions. Moscow has been under some sanctions since 2014 and has adapted its economic approach to deal with the impact, including reducing government spending and hoarding currency reserves. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.