Co-parenting is, for many, the ideal arrangement for couples after they’ve split. That being said, as high-profile exes Kim Kardashian and Kanye West continue to show us, it’s far from easy. With the wellbeing of your kids on the table, the stakes are high. That’s why we spoke to Counselling Directory member Beverley Blackman to get some professional tips on how to co-parent the right way. That includes anywhere where your kids might overhear or see your words, like on social media. ‘Teens will begin to have their own views as they judge how their parents behave and though they may be inexperienced in life, they have good radars and are often very sensitive to the dynamic between their divorced parents,’ Beverley explains. ‘It’s important for their future relationships that they observe respect between you when it comes to them and their siblings, no matter what may have gone before. ‘If a teen wants to explore what went wrong between the two of you, stick to facts and keep it brief. It’s often enough to explain that with some adult relationships, people are better off as friends than they are as partners.’ By all means, don’t feel like you have to keep your feelings buttoned up tight, but whatever your grievances with your co-parent are, Beverley stresses again that they’re best shared far away from your kids and off of social media. Save the complaining for a select group of people closest to you. As Beverley says: ‘Don’t b***h about the other on social media or to mutual friends; it makes the people who have been close to you both feel uncomfortable, and there will come a time when the children may see your social media posts or hear about them, which will inevitably lead to bad feeling and confusion. ‘The children may begin to question their view of both parents if they observe a difficult dynamic between the two of you, and this may lead to insecurity in their relationships with both of you. ‘Children may also fear that if you are openly critical of your ex-partner, then you may also be critical of them. Needless to say, this will damage the relationship you have with the children.’ She uses Kanye’s new song Easy as an example, which includes lyrics like ‘Non-custodial dad, I bought the house next door’ and ‘When you give them everything, they only want more / Boujee and unruly, y’all need to do some chores / Rich-ass kids, this ain’t your mama’s house.’ She adds: ‘Kanye may well be acting on his feelings and expressing them through this medium, but this breakup is being played out in the public eye. ‘One day, the kids will be old enough to understand the lyrics and question what brought them about. Kanye may feel discarded and victim-like in his situation with Kim just now, but realistically it is better not to gripe about your ex-partner for the sake of your kids. ‘They already have their parents’ split to deal with; the last thing they need is to see the fallout happening in public.’ In any relationship, even the platonic kind, respect is essential. ‘You may have fallen out of love with your ex, but don’t forget – your child hasn’t, says Beverley. ‘And you owe it to the child to maintain a civil, respectful relationship with your ex so that the child does not feel torn between you.’ She adds: ‘In order for the children to grow up safe and secure with both parents, it helps if both parents agree to treat each other with respect.’ ‘Your children may be young when you split, as the Kardashian-West’s are, but there will come a time when your children are older, and they will develop different views of both their parents and of the break-up. ‘If they can see a relationship whereby there is no respect or regard for the other, you may find they become very compliant and conciliatory towards you both (this is an unconscious way of trying to repair the situation), but they may also become distant, and it will be hard for either parent to know what is going on for their child/teen, and equally hard for the teen to share with their parents how they are feeling. ‘From what we see on social media, it looks like Kim and Kanye have some essential work to do on how they co-parent.’ Properly managing conflict can be hard, especially when so many complex emotions are at play, but that doesn’t make doing so any less vital. Beverley advises: ‘If you disagree with the way in which your ex is behaving, set a time to talk things through together (just the two of you: no need for new partners to intervene) – and agree at the beginning that you are going to listen to each other and not allow things to get heated. ‘If it is too difficult to talk, then reach out by email. Most people are reasonable and when two people care about their children, most will be prepared to cooperate.’ She goes on to use the issue of North having a TikTok account against Kanye’s wishes as an example, explaining: ‘It helps for both parents to be on the same page. If there is a conflict over something like this, sit down together; aim to keep the conversation civil and constructive, and do involve the child/teen in the conversation as well. ‘This way, they will understand what can worry parents about social media, and they can understand parents’ views on boundaries; the parents can also understand the child’s or teen’s need for social media and why they need it or like it, etc. ‘Consider the need for privacy, consider what is appropriate and what is not by way of content. Make a plan together and, most importantly, stick by it and review it regularly; teens evolve and as they develop, their needs will change.’ Provided your situation is safe and amicable enough for you to want to co-parent in the first place, the biggest victims in the situation won’t be you, but your children. As such, Beverley warns against any attempts ‘to garner sympathy if you’re not a victim’. She adds: ‘To play the victim is not a good solution – it can cause the child a good deal of confusion, and it can also upset friends and family as they do not know what to believe; they may withdraw from both parents if they feel the situation is too difficult.’ Having a routine with seeing each parent can help keep your kids feeling secure in their relationships with both of you. Beverley says it also helps them know when they’ll have your undivided attention. ‘If you need to discuss changing a boundary or changing arrangements with the kids,’ she adds, ‘broach it civilly and explain your perspective. ‘Often, if you explain yourself and your reasoning calmly, it helps the other to see your point of view, and they are more likely to be reasonable than if you go sailing in there, making demands and criticising.’ At the end of the day, remember that it’s not actually about you – co-parenting is about the children. ‘However much you may dislike each other,’ Beverley says, ‘it’s important that you both hold the wellbeing of your children in mind above everything else. ‘The divorce is between the two of you, but the children love you both and neither of you has the right to disturb or destroy those feelings and alienate the other parent.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Kanye West begs to reunite with Kim Kardashian on social media after bitter Instagram spat over parenting MORE : Primary schools stop calling parents ‘mum and dad’ to avoid discrimination MORE : Mum shares ‘looking loudly’ technique to help parents find lost children in crowded places