A rapist who carried his victim through a city centre moments before attacked her has been jailed for life. Austin Osayande was filmed on CCTV taking the woman through the deserted streets of Leeds in the early hours of August 14, 2015. He then raped her and told her he was HIV positive. The 40-year-old was not caught for another six years after he attacked another woman while working as a Hermes delivery driver last September. Osayande’s first victim had been walking to get a taxi home after a night out when he approached her at around 5am. He was seen approaching the victim and walking alongside her before he picked her up in his arms and carried her to a secluded doorway where he raped her, Leeds Crown Court heard. The footage had been released by police in 2015, in an effort to find the predator, but Osayande, from Leeds, had been free until the second attack in 2021. He pleaded guilty to one count of rape and another of sexual assault in January, having initially denied the allegations. On Wednesday, he was jailed for life with a minimum term of 16 years. The Recorder of Leeds, Judge Guy Kearl QC, said it was ‘obvious’ Osayande was out that night ‘looking for a victim – someone who was unable to resist and was vulnerable’. Prosecutor Christine Egerton told the court Osayande abducted the victim and took her to a secluded area behind a supermarket. She said the defendant ‘overpowered’ the woman and ‘put her in a physical lock’ before raping her. Reading her own statement in court, the victim told Osayande she would ‘never fully overcome the torture you put me through’. She added ‘not only did you rape me, you mentally abused me’ with ‘the words you said that night as I cried and begged you to stop’. Ms Egerton said: ‘She remembers she felt it was very painful. ‘She tried to push him off by pushing both of his shoulders away. ‘She was not able to fight back because of her own intoxication but told him to get off her. His response was to tell her it wouldn’t take long. ‘When he eventually let go of her, he pulled up his trousers, laughed and told her he was HIV positive.’ The court heard the victim ran away and rang the emergency services. DNA was recovered as part of the investigation. But it was only when Osayande, working for Hermes, targeted his second victim that he was caught. Ms Egerton explained: ‘He delivered a parcel to her and said he was going to come and knock on her door for a coffee later. ‘He did turn up later and she let him in.’ The court heard Osayande and the victim talked for a while before he moved closer to her on the pretext of looking at his car through the window, and ‘the next thing she knew he was on top of her’, the court heard. Ms Egerton said the victim tried to push Osayande off ‘but he was bigger than her and it was not possible’. The court was told he kissed the woman and licked her neck before forcing her legs apart and sexually assaulting her. When Osayande eventually left, his victim called the police and told them his name which she knew from his job. He was found at his home that night and later linked to the 2015 attack by his DNA. A statement from the second victim said she had been left an ‘emotional wreck’ by the ordeal. She said: ‘I am not sure I will be able to be emotional or physical with anyone ever again, and most of all I hate myself for making a stupid choice.’ Robert Mochrie, mitigating, said Osayande ‘does wish to express his genuine remorse for both sets of offending’. He told the court: ‘There is no explanation for what he has done but he accepts that what he has done is very, very wrong indeed.’ Judge Kearl handed Osayande a life sentence, with a minimum term of 16 years. He will serve at least nine years and six months before he is eligible for parole. The judge told Osayande he will be on licence for the rest of his life. He added: ‘I find you are a sexual predator – you are a danger to women. ‘That danger continued for at least six years – there is no reason to think it will not continue.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Rapist who claimed he was sleepwalking when he attacked woman is jailed