Ant and Dec have joined those sending love to Ukraine during the Russian invasion, as they took a moment to speak out during Saturday Night Takeaway. The pair got serious during the latest episode of the show, right before their quiz section where they invited a member of the audience on stage. ‘All the questions are taken from this week’s news,’ Ant explained. ‘And now obviously the news this week’s been dominated by the terrible events in Ukraine so all of our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by the situation over there,’ Dec added. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Absolutely,’ Ant continued. ‘So, of course, there won’t be any questions on that subject.’ Many stars have spoken out on the crisis, including the pair’s ITV colleague, Holly Willoughby, who asked how she could explain it to her children. ‘How do I explain this to my children… I was asked questions last night I didn’t have the answers for… 💔,’ she wrote. Sean Penn, who is filming a documentary in Kyiv, also spoke out, saying: ‘Already a brutal mistake of lives taken and hearts broken, and if he doesn’t relent, I believe Mr. Putin will have made a most horrible mistake for all of humankind. ‘President Zelensky and the Ukrainian people have risen as historic symbols of courage and principle. ‘Ukraine is the tip of the spear for the democratic embrace of dreams. If we allow it to fight alone, our soul as America is lost.’ Meanwhile, Ashton Kutcher, whose wife Mila Kunis is from Ukraine, said he ‘stands with’ the country. President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has said Kyiv is still under Ukrainian control in the third day of Russia’s invasion of the country. In a video on social media, he said: ‘We have withstood and are successfully repelling enemy attacks. The fighting goes on.’ Saturday Night Takeaway returns Saturday at 7pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant and Dec shrug off complaints about iconic Saturday Night Takeaway drag performance as they pay homage to alter egos MORE : Sean Penn brands Russian invasion of Ukraine a ‘brutal mistake’ as he films documentary in Kyiv 