Novak Djokovic says as things stand he won’t be able to compete at Indian Wells because he can’t enter the USA due to being unvaccinated against coronavirus. The world No.1 made his return to tennis on Monday by beating Italy’s Lorenzo Musetti in straight sets in the first round of the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championship. It was the 34-year-old’s first tournament appearance since he was deported from Australia on the eve of the Australian Open getting underway last month due to his vaccination status. Djokovic’s 2022 season remains unclear due to his vaccine stance and at present he says he can’t compete at Indian Wells in California which begins on March 7. ‘As of today, not. I can’t go, I can’t enter the United States,’ he said. ‘As of today I’m not able to play. But let’s see what happens. I mean, maybe things change in the next few weeks.’ Djokovic has made it clear he is not anti-vax, but will continue to refuse vaccination even if it means missing future tennis tournaments. In an interview with the BBC earlier this month, the 20-time Grand Slam champion admitted he would be prepared to miss future tournaments that only allow vaccinated players to compete. ‘Yes, that is the price that I’m willing to pay,’ Djokovic said. ‘I was never against vaccination, but I’ve always supported the freedom to choose what you put in your body. ‘The principles of decision making on my body are more important than any title or anything else. I’m trying to be in tune with my body as much as I possibly can. ‘I was never against vaccination. I understand that globally, everyone is trying to put a big effort into handling this virus and seeing, hopefully, an end soon to this virus.’ Djokovic made light work of Musetti, winning 6-3, 6-3 in his comeback match, and received a positive reaction from the Dubai crowd as he put on a show. He is only able to play in Dubai as vaccination is not mandatory but the Serb could face difficulties entering upcoming tournaments when the clay season gets underway. MORE : Novak Djokovic beats Lorenzo Musetti on return to ATP Tour in Dubai MORE : Novak Djokovic admits ‘selfish’ decision while positive with coronavirus was a ‘mistake’ that not all people will forgive him for For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 