The Duchess of Cambridge listened to a poignant admission from a little girl whose mum escaped an abusive relationship as she visited a women’s refuge centre. Kate Middleton has flown to Denmark for a two-day trip to learn about the country’s world-leading approach to early childhood development. Joining the country’s crown princess at the Danner Crisis Centre in Copenhagen, she was told the royal had written to dozens of kids whose mothers have fled terrifying circumstances. In postcards, Princess Mary has encouraged kids to talk about their experiences rather than bottle it up. Lene Frisch Larsen, a child therapist at the centre, explained how one little girl was so excited to receive the note ‘from the real Crown Princess’, she took it to school to show all her friends. She told her mother she felt able to tell everyone because ‘Princesses don’t lie’. ‘You should tell my children!’ joked mum-of-four Mary, who was earlier seen hugging Kate to welcome her to the country. In private, the pair was introduced to women and children living at the shelter, which supports around 60 women a year. Under Danish law, all municipalities have to provide temporary shelter to women and children who are suffering domestic violence. The duchess heard how mothers tell their children it’s a hotel where they are having a break. As well as postcards, older children also receive diaries so they can write about their experiences. Ms Larsen told the duchess: ‘A lot of the mums say their child hasn’t seen anything.’ ‘But children notice’, Kate replied, adding: ‘The older they are the more they can articulate and explain how they feel. ‘Parents I’ve seen in addiction, their children are two or three who (they think) don’t notice it. But it’s because they don’t have a voice. But children feel relationships.’ Mary added there needs to be a better understanding of the complexity of domestic abuse, saying: ‘We have this tendency to say, “Just leave”, but it’s so much more complicated.’ In a grand meeting room, the royal twosome was shown comfort packs provided by Mary’s charity, opening them up to find water bottles, cuddly toys, pencil cases and notebooks. Lene Frisch Larsen, a child therapist at the centre, told the royal visitors: ‘It’s actually very important for the children to have their own stuff.’ Explaining that mothers and children often arrive at the centre in the middle of the night, Mary told Kate: ‘It started as an idea to ensure that they had some practical things and some comforting things at the same time. ‘But we soon realised that it had a much deeper effect than just to give them a toothbrush – it became a way to start a conversation.’ The Danner Crisis Centre, which is supported by Princess Mary’s foundation, was built by Countess Danner in the 18th century to house women and children in need. The building has been used as a domestic abuse shelter since 1980. The countess was born a commoner, Louise Rasmussen, to a single mother and went on to marry Frederik VII of Denmark. It comes after Kate joked Prince William would worry she is ‘broody’ after spending time with Danish babies yesterday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.