The UK government has announced more sanctions against Russia in response to the war in Ukraine. New rules will make it illegal to do business with Russia’s central bank, national wealth fund or treasury. The new round of moves, which also includes further restrictions on Russian financial institutions, continue efforts to cut off its economy in retaliation for the invasion. Moscow’s trade market is getting ready to open today amid a currency crisis and investor flight. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The Russian government fears there could be a run on banks when they open and the stock market begins trading. Russia’s central bank has more than doubled interest rates to 20% in a desperate bid to stop runaway inflation amid the crumbling value of the currency. At the same time, the Kremlin temporarily barred non-residents from selling government obligations to help ease the pressure on the rouble from panicked foreign investors trying to cash. The rouble sank about 30% against the US dollar early on Monday but steadied after the central bank’s move. Western nations – which have frozen Russia’s hard currency reserves and banned banks from the Swift global payment system – will be buoyed that the measures are having the desired destabilising effect on the economy. Mr Sunak also said the Treasury was also banning designated Russian banks from a accessing Sterling and clearing payments through the UK. Andrew Bailey, the governor of the Bank of England, said: ‘The Bank of England continues to take any and all actions needed to support the government’s response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. ‘We welcome the steps taken today by the UK government, in coordination with EU and US authorities, as an important and powerful demonstration of the UK’s commitment to the international rule of law.’ The new measures are on top of previously announced sanction targeting key Russian companies and financial institutions. More than 100 firms and oligarchs with close ties to the Kremlin have been hit with asset freezes and travel bans. Punitive news restrictions are in place to stop Russia acquiring valuable materials for strategic and hi-tech industries, while national airline Aeroflot has been banned from UK airspace. Commenting on the new sanctions, Mr Johnson said: ‘We have further isolated Russia from the international financial system this morning. ‘Working with our partners, and the G7, we are determined to impose the most severe economic measures possible against president Putin for his abhorrent campaign against Ukraine. Putin must fail.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.