Joe Root has distanced himself from the decision to drop England greats James Anderson and Stuart Broad and insists the pair can still have futures in international cricket. England’s two leading wicket-takers were both omitted from the 16-man squad for next month’s tour to West Indies. The decision, made by a selection panel of England interim director of cricket Sir Andrew Strauss, interim head coach Paul Collingwood and head scout James Taylor, came in the aftermath of a dismal 4-0 Ashes defeat in Australia. Broad was left ‘confused’ and ‘angry’ by the England snub, while Anderson has said he is ‘praying’ that his international career is not over. England Test captain Root has now had his say on the decision and says he wants the veteran bowlers to be ‘in the mix’ for recalls this summer. ‘No-one is saying this is the end for them,’ Root said as England prepared to travel to the Caribbean for a three-match Test series. ‘I’ve spoken to both Stuart and Jimmy and they’re disappointed and angry. You’d expect that. ‘But it would be great to see them very much in the mix at the start of the summer. A lot can happen within this tour and over the next period.’ Asked whether he supported Strauss’ controversial selection decision, Root added: ‘I don’t think we have to air every bit of information. ‘Sometimes we have been slightly too honest. Certain things should stay in the room. And that’s the case now. ‘I don’t have a vote on selection. I think Straussy made that quite clear. It was a discussion point for a long time but the decision to leave them out has been made and we’ve got to look at the squad we have got and how we are going to win in West Indies.’ England sacked head coach Chris Silverwood, director of cricket Ashley Giles and batting coach Graham Thorpe following the Ashes defeat. Root, who kept his job as England Test captain, said: ‘It was clearly a disappointing tour of Australia and we massively underperformed, but we’ve got to use this opportunity for a fresh start. ‘I’m very grateful that I’ve got the opportunity to do that as captain. We’re looking to make a big difference and turn things round very quickly. ‘We’re not currently one of the best teams in the world but that can be our ambition and we can make quick strides in getting closer to that.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 