A pensioner believes his human rights have been infringed because he’s been fined for having a messy garden. Geoffrey Hobson’s home in Beckenham, south east London, is surrounded by rubbish, a van with no wheels and everything is overgrown. He was fined by Bromley Council after ignoring complaints from his neighbours to get rid of the vehicles, fridges and ladders. Mr Hobson, 79, said he had struggled to keep on top of things after his gardener died and claims the two cars still work and the van is now a garden shed. He was issued an untidy notice but didn’t go to court, landing him with a £1,000 fine and owing £4,000 in costs. However, he said he won’t pay the bill because he should be allowed to have his garden how he wants it. He said: ‘No. I’m going to appeal to my human rights because I had every right. I have a health problem and I’m old. I’m not capable of keeping a garden that size down. ‘I’m also now on a pension and I cannot afford to employ anyone to do anything. It must have been two years ago when I first put [the vehicles] here. ‘They still start, they are runnable. The van is my shed. It’s got no engine in it, it’s a locker. All it is a garden shed, really. It’s full of antique furniture. It was supposed to be moved but it’s virtually impossible now.’ Mr Hobson, who has lived in the same house for 50 years, said he did not understand why his neighbours, who ‘can’t see’ his garden, took issue with the clutter. He said: ‘Why are they persecuting me for something you can’t see? ‘I’ve seen front gardens much worse. I don’t need all of this.’ Mr Hobson said he missed his court date after the medication he takes for his health problems caused him to oversleep, which escalated the situation and led to the fine. He added: ‘I’m a lover of nature. All I want is a peaceful life.’ Angela Page from Bromley Council: ‘There is a legal criterion of what constitutes an untidy site. ‘And when a property falls below this standard and becomes extremely untidy, then we can and will take action to protect the amenity of the street and its residents. ‘We will always seek to engage directly with the resident and ask that improvements be made. ‘If, despite this, the situation does not improve then the decision will invariably be made to prosecute, which shows just how seriously we take this matter.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.