Rail passengers are going to be hit by the largest fare increase since 2013 – the same day as London’s Tube network grinds to a halt due to city-wide strike action. From tomorrow train fares across England and Wales will rise by an average of 3.8%. The hike, set by last July’s Retail Prices Index (RPI), is the steepest increase since January 2013, according to figures from industry body the Rail Delivery Group (RDG). It will pile hundreds of pounds onto some commuters’ annual travel costs and will tighten the squeeze on household budgets. Campaigners have said the increase will do little to encourage people back onto public transport and into the office after the pandemic. While the group Railfuture has accused the UK Government of ‘stoking the fire of the cost of living crisis’ by enabling an increase. In London, fares will rise by an average 4.8% – 1% above RPI – as agreed as a condition of the emergency funding settlement agreed between the Government and Transport for London. It comes as RMT members will stage the first of two 24-hour strikes this week across the capital’s Underground network over concerns about job losses, pensions and working conditions. TfL has warned the strikes will affect travel for the next three or four days and has urged people to work from home where possible, as it is ‘highly likely’ no Tubes will run and stations may be closed. The fare increases coming into effect on TfL services from tomorrow will see between 10p and 30p added to most single fares on buses and Tubes. Price caps on travel in the capital will also increase. Meanwhile, the 3.8% rise in rail fares will mean the cost of an annual season ticket from Brighton to London, via any route, will jump by £194 to £5,302. An annual season ticket from Liverpool to Manchester will increase to £2,865 and the same ticket between Neath and Cardiff will go up by £70 to £1,922. The UK, Scottish and Welsh Governments regulate rises in around half of fares including season tickets on most commuter routes. Operators controlled increases in other fares before the coronavirus pandemic. But Governments now have control of all ticket prices after spending more than £15 billion to keep services running during the outbreak of the virus. When England’s fare rise was announced in December last year, rail minister Chris Heaton-Harris described the 3.8% cap as a ‘fair balance’. He said it meant the Government could ‘continue to invest record amounts into a more modern, reliable railway, ease the burden on taxpayers and protect passengers from the highest RPI in years’. But the increase comes as fuel prices are soaring and inflation is at an almost 30-year high. Next month millions will also see energy prices jump and the taxman take a bigger slice of their paycheck through National Insurance hikes. Bruce Williamson of Railfuture said: ‘Ordinary working people are feeling the squeeze like never before, yet the Government is stoking the fire of the cost of living crisis with these eye-watering fare increases. ‘How does this help get the country back to work?’ Mr Williamson also claimed passengers will be ‘bankrupted next year’ if the formula for setting rail fare rises is unchanged, as inflation is ‘likely to hit 8%’. Paul Tuohy, chief executive of Campaign for Better Transport, has also criticised the jump saying the increase ‘couldn’t come at a worse time’. He said: ‘Higher fares and crowded trains as a result of service reductions aren’t very appealing, and risks people working from home more or driving into work instead, further adding to congestion and air pollution.’ Rail operators are still working to restore all the services cut in December and January amid huge staff shortages due to the Omicron coronavirus variant. Labour’s shadow transport secretary Louise Haigh said: ‘This brutal Tory fare hike will be a nightmare for millions of passengers. ‘Families are already facing tax rises and surging bills, and will now be clobbered with yet another eye-watering rise in the cost of the commute.’ An RDG spokesman said: ‘The Government’s decision to hold fares down below current inflation is positive. ‘It is important that fares are set at a level that will encourage more people to travel by train in the future, helping to support a clean and fair recovery from the pandemic.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.