Roman Abramovich is trying to broker a peace deal between Russia and Ukraine, according to a spokesperson for the Chelsea owner. The Russian-born billionaire has faced calls to speak out against Vladimir Putin’s decision to invade Ukraine after announcing that he is giving up his ‘stewardship and care’ of Chelsea over the weekend. Last week, Labour MP Chris Bryant also called on the UK Goverment to seize the 55-year-old’s assets, including Chelsea which he has owned since July 2003, as part of its sanctions against Russia. But it has now emerged that Abramovich is attempting to orchestrate a peace deal after Ukraine reached out to him via his Jewish contacts within the country. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘I can confirm that Roman Abramovich was contacted by the Ukrainian side for support in achieving a peaceful resolution, and that he has been trying to help ever since,’ Abramovich’s spokesperson told the PA news agency. ‘Considering what is at stake, we would ask for your understanding as to why we have not commented on neither the situation as such nor his involvement.’ Ukrainian film producer Alexander Rodnyansky has revealed that Abramovich ‘has been trying to mobilise support’ for peace talks but believes the influence of Chelsea’s owner is ‘limited’. ‘I can confirm that the Ukrainian side have been trying to find someone in Russian willing to help them in finding a peaceful resolution,’ said Rodnyansky. ‘They are connected to Mr Abramovich through the Jewish community and reached out to him for help. Mr Abramovich has been trying to mobilise support for a peaceful resolution ever since. ‘Although Mr Abramovich’s influence is limited, he is the only one who responded and taken it upon himself to try. ‘If this will have an impact or not, I don’t know, but I am in contact with Zelensky’s staff myself, and know that they are grateful for his genuine efforts.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 