Mare Of Easttown star Ned Eisenberg has died following a battle with cancer aged 65. The actor, who also shot to fame in Law & Order: SVU, died over the weekend with his wife Patricia confirming the news. ‘As Ned would say, he was attacked by two very rare assassins — cholangiocarcinoma and ocular melanoma,’ she said in a statement shared with TMZ. ‘Over the course of two years, he bravely fought the cancers in private while continuing to work in show business to ensure that his medical coverage paid for himself and his family.’ Eisenberg recently starred alongside Kate Winslet in the HBO drama Mare Of Easttown, playing Detective Hauser. He also portrayed defense attorney Roger Kressler in Law & Order, with Law & Order: Special Victims Unit making him one of the series’ most regular supporting characters. Eisenberg’s career took off in the 80s when he landed a part in romantic comedy Key Exchange (1985), which was followed by a major tour of the Broadway play Brighton Beach Memoirs. He then went on to have guest star roles on various television series that decade, including The Equalizer and Miami Vice. In 1999, Eisenberg appeared as Ariel in the first season episode of HBO’s The Sopranos. He has also continued his film career by appearing in Clint Eastwood’s Oscar-winning drama Million Dollar Baby in 2004 and played the role of photographer Joe Rosenthal in the 2006 film Flags of Our Fathers. Tributes for Eisenberg have been flooding in, with Law & Order star Rob Morrow writing: ‘Aww, our dear sweet friend #NedEisenberg has passed on. Loved him so. He was crucial in forming #NakedAngels a super talented actor and writer. He will be deeply missed. RIP brother…’ Donna Murphy, who has starred in both the main series and the spin-off Law & Order: SVU, added: ‘So deeply saddened to hear that wonderful actor & human #NedEisenberg has passed. He was a mensch…a true actor’s actor. My condolences to his wife and son, & all who love him. RIP Ned- you will be missed.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 