A woman who is allergic to cold temperatures has revealed how her life has been ‘turned upside down’. Vicki Noble suffers from a rare disorder called cold urticaria – which is estimated to affect just 0.05% of the population. The debilitating condition stops Vicki, 55, from leading a normal life all year round, but especially during the winter. Just a few drops of cold water on her skin can trigger itchy weals or welts, causing a painful burning sensation and breathing problems. Vicki, an artist from Broadstairs in Kent, was diagnosed with the condition in 2014 – and says many people don’t believe she is allergic to the cold. She is forced to stay inside during the winter months, covering up all exposed areas including her skin, face, ears, neck and hands to protect her when she goes out. And the summer months can be equally problematic, with air conditioning and cold water also affecting her skin. She has to take extra care at the chilled or freezer sections of the supermarket. Vicki also struggles to hold ice cold drinks and her condition means she is unable to eat ice lollies. She was rushed to hospital after falling into the sea while windsurfing on holiday in Greece, as temperatures soared to 26C. Vicki ran a holiday chalet in Austria, where she skied every day, prior to her diagnosis. The disorder means she is particularly vulnerable to soaring energy prices as the UK faces a cost of living squeeze, with people forced to choose between heating and eating. Vicki said: ‘I can’t go to my gallery because it’s too cold and I have to heat our home. ‘I feel so sorry for families who have children with this allergy like me. ‘They will have to keep the heating turned up and that’s going to get so expensive.’ She told how the condition can be ‘life-threatening,’ adding: ‘It’s rare and a disability that has turned my life upside down. ‘People just don’t believe me when I tell them I’m allergic to the cold, but it’s real, very real. ‘The weals and rash appear in minutes. They itch and give a painful burning sensation. ‘I get breathing problems and I’m left feeling tired and drained. ‘It’s quite bizarre when you think we lived in Austria for years and went skiing every day. ‘But now every day has to be planned.’ Vicki hopes speaking out about her ‘devastating’ condition will help raise awareness. ‘The worst thing is I can’t really explain to people as they just don’t understand,’ she added. Urticaria – known as hives, weals or welts – is a raised, itchy rash on the skin. Chronic cases of the condition can see the irritation persist over a number of years. A student revealed how she can’t go out in the rain due to severe water allergy, aquagenic urticaria. Meanwhile one woman with a serious sunlight allergy told she is terrified to leave the house during a heatwave. A doctor shared the seven signs that a person could be allergic to the sun. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.