Vladimir Putin ‘is not rational’ and ‘won’t stop’ after invading Ukraine, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace has warned. Russia had ‘failed to deliver’ on its ‘day one’ objectives, he said, adding that they have lost more than 400 troops as well as a significant airport initially captured by elite Spetsnaz units. Mr Wallace said he believes Mr Putin’s legacy will be ‘isolation’, telling BBC Breakfast that ‘diplomacy is absolutely off the table’. But he insisted British troops will not be sent to fight ‘directly’ with the Russians in order to avoid triggering a ‘war across Europe’. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live The Cabinet minister told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘It’s not about risk, as much as I care for my personnel. It’s not about risk. ‘It’s about if we were to directly attack Russian aircraft, we would have a war across Europe.’ He added: ‘I have said continually for a long time, as has Britain, and the Prime Minister has supported this position, that Putin is not rational. ‘He is trying to invade Ukraine. He won’t stop after he’s … with Ukraine. He will use everything in the Baltic States. He doesn’t believe the Baltic States are really countries. ‘And we will have to stand up to it. Now, I cannot trigger a European war and I won’t trigger a European war. But what I will do is help Ukraine fight every street with every piece of equipment we can get to them, and we will support them, and that is the reality.’ Boris Johnson signalled on Thursday that Mr Putin could face war crime charges over the invasion of Ukraine, telling MPs ‘anyone who sends a Russian into battle to kill innocent Ukrainians’ could be brought to court. He also told the Commons that the UK is working with allies to set up a ‘particular international war crimes tribunal for those involved in war crimes in the Ukraine theatre’. On Friday, International Criminal Court (ICC) prosecutor Karim Khan said he had been following the events of the past 24 hours ‘closely’ and ‘with increasing concern’, adding that an investigation into possible war crimes may follow. Speaking to Sky News, Mr Wallace said he would expect Mr Putin to be ‘held to account’ if he committed a war crime. He said: ‘If President Putin commits a war crime, then, just as I do if I were to commit a war crime, I should expect to be held to account.’ Asked if Mr Putin’s actions already constituted a war crime, he said: ‘I’m not, I’m afraid, an international lawyer. ‘I couldn’t tell you the difference between breaking international law insofar as directing your forces to invade another country, versus a war crime – eg. things like genocide, and indeed, you know, torture, etc. ‘I wouldn’t want to speculate the differences. What I would say is he’s clearly broken international law, he’s occupying or trying to occupy a sovereign country who made one mistake in his eyes. Their mistake in his eyes was not to choose the Kremlin as a way for their future. And that’s all they have done.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.