Mum Eszter Balogh might just be the master of budget meals. While we try all manner of meal plans and prep, the photographer manages to make entire dishes for free. How, you may ask? That’s all down to foraging in the forests of Oxford. Eszter, 33, started foraging when she was a child with her family, and now continues the tradition by taking her daughter Dora, three, out to seek out the tastiest wild veg. She uses foraged ingredients in all her recipes, and, in spring and summer, is often able to make entire meals without spending a penny. Bonus: those dinners taste good, too – at least according to Eszter, her husband Thomas, and Dora. Eszter, from Oxford, said: ‘We’ve made loads things, most recent some pine needle shortbread with pine needles we foraged. ‘Another one is a mushroom burger made from Maitake mushrooms, with three cornered leek and elderberry glaze. ‘We also made nettle and raspberry pancakes, which Dora loved because they were so colourful. ‘I’m a photographer so I pride myself on how good the food looks.’ Eszter’s typical routine sees her foraging once a week for around four hours, usually picking up mushrooms. and wild garlic. Dora is a big fan of the activity. ‘She loves to help me cook with what we’ve found as well,’ said Eszter. ‘She’s still at the stage where she’s copying everything I do in the kitchen. ‘I think it’s very important that we teach children how special nature is, and they learn so much by experiencing nature themselves.’ The mum hopes that by sharing her delicious-looking meals, she’ll inspire other people to get into foraging. But she warns that it’s vital to know your stuff before you start eating your finds. ‘I’ve had lots of people get in touch saying they want me to teach them how, because of course foraging can be dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing,’ notes Eszter. ‘There are lots of poisonous mushrooms in the UK, and you need to be able to identify them all.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple who adopted a wild boar as a baby say she sees their Labrador as her mum MORE : These simple food preparation hacks can make your diet healthier with minimal effort MORE : Figuring out your ‘money story’ can make a load of difference to your finances – here’s how to work it out