The wearing of face coverings will likely no longer be required on Tubes and buses in London after the latest easing of Covid rules. Mayor Sadiq Khan said the current arrangement – where wearing a mask is a condition of carriage – is expected to be dropped imminently. However Transport for London bosses will continue to recommend that face coverings are worn on crowded trains as they are a ‘simple, effective measure’. It comes as more Londoners return to the city’s public transport system as they head back to the office. Nationwide laws on masks were brought back to help deal with the Omicron wave late last year but were dropped as a legal requirement last month. They’ve still be necessary on London’s transport network but Mr Khan signaled a change in approach as infections fall. Reacting to Boris Johnson’s ‘living with Covid’ plan, unveiled yesterday, he said: ‘Following the Government dropping all legal Covid restrictions, and in light of falling infection levels in London, it is expected that wearing a face covering will no longer be a condition of carriage on the TfL network. ‘However, we know that face coverings remain a simple, effective measure that give Londoners confidence to travel, and following clear advice from public health advisers, TfL will likely continue to recommend their use on the network. ‘I urge passengers to be considerate of their fellow Londoners and continue to wear a face covering where appropriate unless exempt.’ Labour’s Mr Khan has been critical of the Government’s efforts throughout the pandemic and previously called for masks to remain mandatory for longer. He also said in order for restrictions to be lifted ‘in the safest possible way’, the Government ‘must rethink its plans to abandon free testing’ Mr Johnson confirmed yesterday that lateral flow kits will no longer be available on the NHS for the vast majority of people from April 1. He also scrapped self-isolation laws that state people with Covid must quarantine for at least five days after testing positive. The mayor called for more financial support for those that cannot work from home if they test positive. ‘We cannot have a situation where only the well-off can afford to “live with Covid” safely or one where we’re not keeping an eye on new variants posing a risk to the country,’ he said. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said he would continue to wear a face mask on busy trains. He suggested people should make individual decisions after examining the latest data on the virus. He told LBC: ‘For now, although the infection levels have been falling significantly, week after week, I think where infection levels are at the moment, if I was on the London Tube, for example, and it was packed, I would wear a face mask.’ He said ‘these are now personal decisions, we want people to take more personal responsibility’. ‘I would look at what’s the general prevalence, where case numbers are, where infection numbers are, hospitalisation numbers… we provide that data on a daily basis, it’s there for everyone to see. ‘I think taking all that into account, I would make a decision.’ MORE : Boris admits next Covid variant could be worse than Omicron axes  restrictions anyway MORE : The travel rules still in place despite Covid restrictions ending Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.