Satellites have captured what appears to be a huge convoy of Russian troops and tanks travelling towards Kyiv. The images, which were taken yesterday by US company Maxar Technologies, show the 3.5-mile long deployment about 40 miles from the capital city of Ukraine. When the photos were taken the convoy was located north-east of the Ukrainian city of Ivankiv, Maxar said. Among the convoy are believed to be logistics and armoured vehicles, tanks, self-propelled artillery, infantry fighting vehicles and logistics vehicles. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live Maxar has been tracking the build-up of Russian forces since its president Vladimir Putin began amassing troops on the border with Ukraine. The images have not been independently verified. Other pictures have appeared to show the damage caused by recent airstrikes on the Antonov airport in Hostomel, and heavy fighting in and near the airport. Russian troops have been steadily closing in on Kyiv, a city of almost three million people and scattered fighting has broken out in the capital’s suburbs. In a bid to keep citizens safe curfews have been enforced, and people have been urged to hide in shelters and to stay away from balconies and windows in case they’re hit by stray bullets and debris. Hundreds of Kyiv residents emerged from basements, bunkers and subway stations for the first time since Saturday this morning, to find their city still intact. As day broke, Alexander Syrsky, the general in command of Kyiv’s defence, announced: ‘All attempts by the Russian Occupation Forces to achieve their goal failed. Convoys of occupiers’ equipment were destroyed. ‘The enemy suffered significant personnel losses. Russian troops are demoralized and exhausted. ‘We have shown that we know how to protect our home from uninvited guests.’ General Syrsky’s account has been corroborated by UK and US intelligence sources, which said most of Russia’s ground forces have been held back nearly 30km outside Kyiv. Mr Putin’s forces are said to be frustrated they have not yet taken control of Kyiv. The Russian president reportedly thought he would be able to seize the capital on the first day of the invasion but underestimated the strength of Ukrainian resistance. The most recent push towards the city was said to have been blocked by Ukrainian forces defending Hostomel airfield, to the north. The Russian military has offered to allow residents to leave Kyiv via a safe corridor, an offer that has sparked fears Mr Putin’s forces are gearing up for a renewed assault on the city. Ukrainian authorities have been handing out weapons to anyone willing to help defend the capital from attack. They are also releasing prisoners with military experience who want to fight and training people to make firebombs. The conflict could evolve significantly if Russia gets military help from neighbouring Belarus, which is expected to send troops into Ukraine as soon as today, according to a senior American intelligence official. The official said whether Belarus enters the war will depend on Ukraine-Russia talks set to take place in the coming days. Ukraine has agreed to talks with Moscow, with the Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s office confirming a meeting with a Russian delegation at an unspecified location on the Belarusian border. The talks come as the conflict made a terrifying development on Sunday as Mr Putin was understood to put Russia’s nuclear deterrents on high alert. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.