Josie Gibson has begged her followers for assistance in helping a friend who is stranded in Ukraine amid the Russian invasion. The This Morning presenter revealed their friend travelled to mainland Europe before Vladimir Putin sent his military into Ukraine last Thursday, and is now stuck there with children but without transport. In a tweet, Josie wrote: ‘Please RT: this is the most important tweet I’ve ever written and it’s a long shot. ‘We have friends a woman and her two British children stuck by Kharkiv does anyone know of any charities or people on the ground with fuel who can drive them to the train station or border?’ For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live She added: ‘They only went to care for a sick grandmother and got stuck. Any help would be greatly appreciated.’ Josie was inundated with support and messages from others with similar stories of loved ones trapped in the country, with one follower tweeting: ‘My friend’s mom and brother are in Mykolayiv too. Alone. Hope they are safe. We are trying to find somebody to drive them to a safe border as soon as it will be at least a bit possible. Hope your friend and her son are safe too.’ Another said: ‘I also have a friend & her son, who are in Mykolayiv!’ Among other celebrities who have been affected by the events, include Dancing With the Stars pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy, who has been forced to seek refuge in a bomb shelter in Kyiv. Airfields and gas pipelines appear to have been hit over the weekend, and the State Nuclear Regulatory Inspectorate of Ukraine confirmed that missiles also hit a radioactive waste disposal site near Kyiv. Maksim has now posted clips on his Instagram story from the capital city, insisting that he was staying safe. ‘Hey everybody, I’m in the bomb shelter, aka a parking lot,’ the 42-year-old began, panning the camera to show cars lined up behind him. He continued: ‘A lot of people here that I don’t want to show. I have no idea what I’m doing and I just don’t want to do something that I shouldn’t. ‘I’m safe, I’m in a bomb shelter but Kyiv is under a serious attack from what I understand, from what I heard. ‘We had a crazy alarm so we all ran downstairs.’ ‘As soon as I know something concrete that I check out, I’ll throw it on my feed. Stay tuned but just pray for Ukraine.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : SAG Awards 2022: Bob Saget, Sidney Poitier and Betty White among late stars remembered in touching In Memoriam tribute MORE : Green Day cancel concert in Russia in stand against Ukraine invasion: ‘This moment is not about stadium rock shows’ 