The next New Moon is on March 2, in the sign of Pisces. New Moons are a time for activation, initiation, creation, and go-getting ambition. It’s time to make a start on new adventures, goals, projects, and activity. You are brimming with energy and enthusiasm, invest it wisely into something that will bring positive rewards. Being in the sign of Pisces brings the traits of that sign to the fore – imagination, creativity, compassion and wisdom. You will feel compelled and inspired to create something new, something imaginative, maybe even a little enchanted! It’s a time to invent, make, repair, create and be inspired. Tune in to your most creative self, something is brewing… Let the tarot readings ahead give you a nudge as to where to start… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the New Moon: Six of Swords Meaning: This card is all about moving on, departing, leaving something behind and, in this situation, it suggests you’re ready to invent a new horizon, a fresh destination, an imaginative goal that will get you moving, get you working, get you going. Having something to aim for is what is going to make making this move even easier, happier, and more inspiring. Create a new horizon for yourself and move towards it. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the New Moon: Two of Coins Meaning: Try everything! The Two of Coins is all about abundance and variety and it’s inviting you to try lots of new creative and artistic pursuits, activities, and ideas this New Moon. Fill this week up with a different creative activity every day. Have a go. Watch a vlog. Read up about it. Try your hand at something. Out of all of it, something new will stick and you’ll have found a new way to express yourself. You’re more artistic than you realise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the New Moon: Four of Swords Meaning: Yoga, pilates, meditation, reiki, massage… the Four of Swords is a signal that, in order for your famous creativity to fire on all cylinders again, you need a rest and you need to refresh and restore your energy levels. Seek interesting, esoteric, holistic ways and means to relax your chattering brain. Soothe your senses. Physically stop. Mentally, turn it off. Time out this New Moon will bring you back feeling inspired and creative again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the New Moon: The Emperor Meaning: The Emperor brings powerful, assertive energy into your life, it’s time to express yourself fully and openly and boldly. Get it all off your chest. Start a journal, write a poem about it, have a heart to heart, begin your life story. Don’t let anyone dampen or distort your creative, authentic voice. This New Moon is a time of full, positive, and confident self expression. Speak your truth. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the New Moon: Two of Cups Bring your creativity to your love life, or closest relationship. The Two of Cups is a major love card and reveals you can put the spark back into your partnership with some thoughtful gestures. This could be a cleverly designed date night, a handmade gift or card or poem, a very imaginative sexual escapade (!), or just a thoughtful gift that shows you know them oh so well. Meaning: Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the New Moon: Five of Wands Meaning: Your creativity tends to lean towards the problem-solving, logical kind, and it’s going to serve you well this New Moon by bringing you the answers and resolutions to a recent conflict or tension in your life. The Five of Wands shows you’ve been through it. And this New Moon you’ll receive an epiphany about how to end this troubled phase and resolve all the issues. Clever you! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the New Moon: Ten of Coins Meaning: Your Venus planetary ruler brings you, as well as a lively love life, a knack and way with money. You can create something right now that could prove to be lucrative, or that could even, dare I say, set you up for life. The Ten of Coins is a powerful wealth and security card, a happy-ever-after that sees you inventing something now which could feather your nest for a long time to come. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the New Moon: Page of Coins Meaning: Education is the key theme for you this New Moon. The Page of Coins is the tarot’s student card so you’re being called back to class (formally or informally) to learn something creative and inspiring. Let your heart lead you. What inspires you? What would you love to be able to do or make? Decide, research the options, and start – be it a class, workshop, guided online course, vlog or podcast. Start within the next two weeks. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the New Moon: Eight of Coins Meaning: Persist with whatever creative endeavour, course, idea or project you’ve already got underway. The Eight of Coins begs you not to give up, and to keep going on this because you’re close to an illuminating breakthrough that will propel this project into being not just good, but great. We all hit a brick wall with things we create. It’s natural, it’s part of the process of ebb and flow. But don’t you dare give up now. Push on! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the New Moon: Ten of Cups Meaning: The Ten of Cups asks you to draw closer to those you love and like and do something creative together, whether it’s with your other half, a child, or a good friend. Pick a project that inspires you both and join forces to learn and execute it. You are usually a solo player so teaming up with another will be good for you in more ways than one. A group project is on the cards. Have fun! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the New Moon: Death Your creative project, as shown by the powerful Death card, is a radical transformation, an extreme makeover, a total do-over or upcycle. Pick something that is coming to the end of its life/best/natural run. Figure out how you can totally transform it into something else fresh/new/useful. It could be anything! But it’s something that is within your power to transform. It could take from now until November, so it can be something big! Meaning: Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the New Moon: Queen of Swords Meaning: You’re naturally creative anyway, so this New Moon the Queen of Swords asks you to push your creativity in a more rational, logical, intellectual direction. Pick a topic that has always fazed you and read up. Start doing sudoku, Wordle, logic problems, crosswords. Take a class in something that you struggled with at school. Challenge yourself mentally this New Moon, and you’ll surprise yourself. Stretch your thinking and open up a whole new arena in your psyche. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Which star signs clash the most? These are the ones you should avoid MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Pisces MORE : What each star sign needs most in a relationship