Cristiano Ronaldo has retained his place in Manchester United’s starting line-up because Ralf Rangnick is unhappy at his options in attack and he has ‘major reservations’ about allowing the Portugal captain to continue as first choice next season. The 37-year-old made a sensational return to Old Trafford last August and he scored 14 times in his first 20 appearances back at the Theatre of Dreams. But Ronaldo’s been a poor fit for the system that Rangnick wants to play at the club and he’s scored just once in his last ten appearances – which is the striker’s leanest spell in club football for 13 years. Ronaldo has missed numerous chances during that time and he was guilty of squandering more opportunities on Saturday, when United drew 0-0 with Watford at Old Trafford. Rangnick’s patience is said to be wearing ‘thin’ with Ronaldo and the Manchester Evening News say he would have been removed from the side a long while ago had the German have had other options in attack. Edinson Cavani has missed 20 of the last 32 matches and was once again absent against the Hornets. Marcus Rashford is another option but the forward has suffered a dramatic loss of form and has only been used from the flanks when picked by Rangnick. With little other option, Ronaldo is likely to continue in attack but his long-term future is more questionable. Rangnick, who will take up a two-year consultancy role at the end of the season, is said to have major reservations about Ronaldo’s ability to continue to spearhead the attack. The German has already confirmed the club are likely to sign a ‘younger’ striker this summer but there’s speculation that Ronaldo could request to leave the club if they fail to qualify for the Champions League. United have a two-point advantage on Arsenal but the Gunners have three games in hand. MORE : Heavyweight champion Oleksandr Usyk pictured holding rifle after joining Ukraine defence forces to fight Russia invasion For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 