Carer Jessica Hockings, 26, first got chatting to her 58-year-old colleague Dermot Murray at work last February. Despite the large age difference, Jessica said she’s happier than ever now that they’re in a relationship. ‘Going out with an older man I find is so much better than [someone] my age because they have more life experience, and he’s just so mature and loving,’ Jessica explained. ‘To anyone who thinks 32 years is too big a difference, I would say as long as they treat you well the age shouldn’t matter.’ ‘We have a great sex life,’ she continued. ‘Physically it’s very good, he’s gentle and always asks if I’m alright.’ Initially, Jessica wasn’t interested in him at all, with Dermot being almost the same age as her mum. She said: ‘I didn’t want to know him at first. I don’t have a lot of trust in men so to me it was very daunting. ‘But the lady I worked with on the evenings had a fling with him for a couple of months then as a group of three [we] became really close friends. ‘Then me and Dermot went into our own little friendship world. ‘As the shifts swapped over we used to have a cuddle and as it progressed I used to stay behind when everybody left and just spend time with him. ‘I found out he lived around the corner, so we used to walk the dogs together. ‘We used to meet up late at night after his work, and we used to chat in his car. ‘He was a really good, solid friend – I could tell him my problems and share things with him that I wouldn’t tell anybody else. ‘It started off like a dad/daughter relationship, it was a gradual transition from that to a romantic relationship. ‘We started doing movie nights every Wednesday, and it progressed from there. We both started to see something more so decided to just go for it.’ The two made their relationship official on April 4, but kept it secret at first for fear of nasty comments from friends and strangers. However, the loved-up pair couldn’t keep it secret for long, with Jessica admitting she wanted to hold Dermot’s hand in public. Now, they’re regularly mistaken for father and daughter while out and about. Even though she wasn’t too keen on the age gap at first, Jessica says that now, 10 months into their relationship, the two don’t really consider it a factor. Dermot has even moved in with Jessica and her 62-year-old mum. Jessica, from Mumby, Lincolnshire, said: ‘I live with my mum, and she’s very supportive, she’s 62, but they’re like best friends. When I’m at work they watch telly together, which is really nice. ‘I was concerned what people would think of the age difference. We didn’t think much of it but because it is such a big age difference we have had a lot of questions like “oh is this your daughter? Is this your dad?” ‘It doesn’t bother us because we know that people might not understand. ‘Family and friends have been very supportive, which I was surprised at. ‘I think the only worry that there is is because we’re in different lifetimes – when he retires I’ll still be working.’ Even though they’ve only been together 10 months, the pair have already gone engagement ring shopping and have picked out a tanzanite and diamond teardrop piece ahead of Dermot popping the question ‘soon’. Jessica said: ‘We knew very early on that we wanted to marry each other.’ To show her commitment to Dermot, Jessica has also had her engagement ring finger tattooed with a red heart that has the letter ‘D’ in the middle of it. Jessica said: ‘I got the tattoo because we’ll be getting engaged at some point, and he means the world to me.’ She added: ‘I’ve never had a relationship where I’ve been treated properly or loved like he does – it’s all new to me. ‘It’s just really nice because he’s old-fashioned in the romance way and I love that. ‘We used to write notes for each other, the odd gift now and then is really nice. ‘Certain things he does for me now is just really sweet like he’ll run a bath for me, or make me a drink or dinner – stuff like that just means a lot to me. ‘If he leaves for work early in the morning, which he sometimes does, he leaves a note for me on the bed, or I leave him a note for when I’m at work.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Man buys 65ft long military tugboat on second date – now the couple and their baby live on it MORE : Couple with blended family of 18 kids spend £1,600 a month on food MORE : Why it’s so important that couples make financial decisions equally