Meet the fearless cat who is ‘more like a dog’ and loves to embark on adventurous bike rides with his human companion. Pōhaku joins his owner Kyle Kana’iaupuni Robertson on his bike, and even sits on his shoulder during their intrepid trips. Kyle, 31, uses a special lead to walk the 13-month-old Russian-Blue tabby who he says ‘never leaves his side’. The civil servant brought his travelling companion with him when he relocated from London to Sheffield during the pandemic. It was at that point he started taking Pōhaku, known as Pō, out on walks to the local park using a special harness. Soon the pair were embarking on hiking trips in the Peak district and have completed an incredible 15 adventures so far. Kyle now hopes to take his feline friend on a camping trip. ‘He’s not like a well-trained dog, instead he’s more of a companion,’ Kyle explains. ‘But the goal is, once there’s a bit of warmer weather, to spend a few nights in the peak district with him.’ Kyle had lived in London for five years before moving, and says he fell in love with Pō after seeing him at his breeder’s home. ‘When I picked him up, I went to the house, and all the other kittens were scurrying away under the sofas,’ he recalls. ‘But he ran out and attacked my foot – and ran across the room – and I felt like he knew he was the one that I was going to take home.’ Kyle began fitting Pō with a harness inside his home so the pet could get used to the feeling. Shortly after this, the pair took their first steps outside together. ‘I started out by putting a harness on him for a minute, then five minutes, and feeding him treats at the same time, so he doesn’t associate it with a bad thing,’ he explains. ‘When I took him out for the first few times just in the garden, he was just mesmerised by what was around him rather than wanting to get the harness off him. ‘Then I realised that there’s a dog-free area in the park near my house, so I would just take him there in his carrier, open it up and just sit by it and see if he wanted to come out.’ When Pō became more accustomed to the parks, Kyle started taking him on hikes. ‘We graduated from the park to the Peak District pretty quickly,’ he says. ‘It’s not like hiking with a dog or something, it’s more about him having a good time. He will trot along as well, but it’s kind of like in his own time. ‘I recently unclipped him from the lead, and he just follows alongside me, and sometimes he’ll run in front. The first time he did that, I didn’t know if that was good, and so I just stopped and waited. ‘He just turned around, and he’d be meowing at me, being like “C’mon!”, so I was like, “cool!”’ Pō’s newest favourite activity is climbing out of his travel backpack and sitting on Kyle’s shoulders as he rides his bike. The cat-lover has since passed his driving test and bought a van which can sleep the pair – making it perfect for their future plans. ‘It would involve having a litter box with me in the van at night, but it’s fine, it would be worth it,’ he says. ‘That would open up some new doors in terms of adventure.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Lonely cat finds purrfect match on Valentine’s Day after 330 days looking for a home MORE : Dogs and their owners review eight of the best pup-friendly subscription boxes MORE : Paralysed golden retriever rolls about in a custom pink wheelchair