The family of a young father killed by a falling tree during Storm Eunice have released a heartbreaking tribute. Jack Bristow, 23, was sitting in the passenger seat of a white Mercedes-Benz Sprinter when the tree crashed down on top of him. The emergency services raced to the scene in Alton, Hampshire, but the dad-of-one was pronounced dead before midday on Friday. The driver was taken to hospital with serious injuries. In a heartbreaking statement, Jack’s family said: ‘We write this with broken hearts. The loss of a son is something you could never be prepared for. ‘Jack was a much-loved son, grandson, boyfriend and father. Everyone knew Jack and everyone loved Jack – how could you not? ‘He was a joker, loved to have a laugh and a good time. He lived life to the full, and had done and been through so much in his young 23 years. ‘We are absolutely devastated and there are not enough words to describe our pain. But he lives on through his son Harvey. ‘Rest in peace Jack, we love you more than you will ever know.’ Jack was one of four people who died in the UK and Ireland during Storm Eunice. Juliana Murilo, 37, was also killed by a falling tree in Highgate, north London. She had been cleaning a house when Eunice hit the capital with gale force winds. Her husband Carlos picked her up in his silver Honda and was driving her home along Muswell Hill Road when the tree collapsed on top of the car. Carlos, 39, had to be cut from the car and was told his wife had died as he was taken to hospital in an ambulance. ‘She was a sweet and adorable wife,’ he told the Evening Standard. ‘She was perfect, so friendly, always laughing and making jokes. We loved each other so much it was as if we were one.’ Tributes were also paid to an Irish council worker who was killed by a falling tree as he cleared up debris left by the storm. Billy Kinsella, 59, had been called out to reports of a tree blocking a road when tragedy struck in County Wexford. His wife, Rita Kinsella, told the Independent.ie: ‘Nobody could ask for a better husband or father. It will be hard to digest. You know when you’re used to someone coming home in the evening time and today, suddenly, they are not there.’ The fourth victim was named as Stephen Matthews, 68, who died after debris struck his van windscreen in Netherton, Merseyside. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.