Fitness isn’t just about going hard in the gym, it’s also about looking after your body inside and out. Whether that’s keeping your skin hydrated or finding a way to relieve painful period cramps, this week’s Fit List is full of products that can boost your wellbeing. And if you want to overhaul your lifestyle completely, you might want to check out Weleda’s new manual to embracing natural wellness. Plus if you’re training for TCS London Marathon, we’ve got some kit that’s ideal for those long runs. Read on for this week’s picks. Got a TCS London Marathon place? To help you train, New Balance has launched an Acceptance Range designed for the big day – everything from rain jackets, technical T-shirts and leggings to running shoes. Available at New Balance from Feb 28, from £45. Beauty brand Weleda’s new book, Natural Wellness Every Day, is packed with 100 years’ worth of advice on how to live a more natural lifestyle. From soothing rituals and natural remedies to the benefits of seasonal self-care, it will help activate your wellness from within and care for the planet. Buy for £20 from Weleda. Cramps and period pains getting you down? Therabody’s Period Pain Relief Program is for use alongside its PowerDot 2.0 Duo electrical stimulation device. Simply download the PowerDot App for free, select your session (from 30-90 minutes), position the pads at the site of pain and away you go. Buy for £325 from Therabody. Trinny Woodall promotes a clean base for good make-up application, so has launched two cleansers into her Trinny London collection. Be Your Best Enzyme Balm Cleanser (£32) and Better Off AHA/PHA Gel Cleanser (£28) are different ways to remove make-up, boost radiance and gently exfoliate. Shop the collection at Trinny London. Looking to reduce your plastic waste? The Colgate Link Replaceable Head Toothbrush has an aluminium handle and you imply replace the head with either a Deep Clean (floss-tip bristles) or Whitening (spiral polishing medium bristles) head when needed. Buy the Starter Kit (includes two replacement heads and one aluminium handle) for £19.99 from Superdrug. Enjoy a home-made smoothie on the go. A 14-day Gift Box Bundle of Foga’s plant-based, multivitamin smoothie blends comes with a USB chargeable blender. Each sachet contains freeze-dried ingredients, which protects the fibre, vitamins and micronutrients. Just add water. Buy for £58.99 from Foga. Sometimes only a brownie will do, so thank goodness Bulk has launched these Vegan Protein Brownies – now we can indulge guilt-free. Packed with 15g of protein, they are made with real chocolate and sweetened with a mixture of oat syrup, date syrup and brown sugar. Buy for £1.99 each (choose from Chocolate Peanut Butter or Double Chocolate) from Bulk. Skin feeling tight and dehydrated? SkinSense Hydranet Midnight Oil contains a combination of oils specifically chosen for their moisture and sleep-boosting qualities. With potent antioxidants and omega fatty acids, including squalene, lavender, rosehip and ylang ylang, it’s a real night-time comfort. Available March 1 from SkinSense for £30. Hoka’s Kawana shoe not only looks delightful, but a new foam sole promises the ability to switch between workouts whether on the treadmill, track or road. An early metarocker also makes you feel like you are gliding along. Buy £125 from Hoka. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Fit List: Fix your February fitness slump with these workout boosting buys MORE : The 20-minute workout: Full body Tabata MORE : Inside VivaMayr, the health retreat loved by Rebel Wilson and more