Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher says Manchester United need ‘someone better’ than Marcus Rashford and has urged Ralf Rangnick to take the England forward out of the team. Rashford has endured a dismal season for the Red Devils and produced one of his most disappointing performances to date on Wednesday night in United’s 1-1 draw with Atletico. The 24-year-old failed to make an impact for Ralf Rangnick’s side before being replaced by Anthony Elanga, who came off the bench and cancelled out Joao Felix’s opener with ten minutes remaining. While Elanga’s goal means Manchester United are still firmly in the Champions League last-16 tie, concerns have been raised over the team’s performance as a whole, with Rashford singled out for criticism by some fans. Former Liverpool and England defender Carragher was also underwhelmed by Rashford’s display and says he no longer warrants a place in the team. He told CBS: ‘Marcus Rashford has been in this team since he was a kid. He burst onto the scene and he’s always threatened to go to that next level, when the top players get to, and he’s not there yet. ‘We’ve got to the stage now where I don’t think he should be in Manchester United’s XI. His performances this season don’t warrant being in the team. ‘More often than not he is in the team. Even when people are fit they find a position for him. He doesn’t suit playing on the right, not at all, so it needs to be on the left or in the centre. ‘But we’re still waiting for Rashford to make that jump to become a United great or a player who can take them to big trophies, and he’s not there yet. ‘At the age he’s at, United need something better than Marcus Rashford right now.’ Red Devils boss Rangnick admitted his side were outplayed in the first half but felt United were closer to snatching the win late on. He said: ‘I don’t know if I rescued it but after the performance in the first half, it could only get better. What we played in the first half I still cannot believe. ‘We played without conviction, without aggression and that is why we were struggling. Second half we did better, more possession in areas that mattered and if we played another 10 minutes we might have won the game. ‘We have to play better in the first half, I was very disappointed by that performance in the first half.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 