The people of Ukraine have been plunged into war after Russian forces invaded this morning. Hundreds of civilians are feared dead following two devastating rounds of missile strikes in cities across the country. Kremlin troops are said to be closing in on the capital Kyiv as western leaders scramble to agree on a package of sanctions that can ‘hobble the Russian economy’. The military operation has triggered an international outcry with many countries condemning Russian President Vladimir Putin for launching an ‘unprovoked and unjustifiable’ attack that has ‘shattered peace in Europe’. Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelenskyy has begged the international community for defensive assistance as its armed forces desperately fight back. Thousands of people are also in humanitarian need after fleeing to neighbouring countries. Naturally, people at home watching the violence unfold are wondering what they can do to help. As the conflict escalates, Ukraine will need donations that will go towards humanitarian aid, psychological support, medical supplies for paramedics and doctors on the frontlines, and independent reporting. Thankfully, Ukrainians on the ground have put together a list of credible local organisations where foreigners can donate through secure methods like PayPal. Ukrainians in the UK have also set up an emergency fundraiser to provide medicines, food and critical services to the most vulnerable in society. The #HelpUkraine Emergency Appeal, set up by the Association of Ukrainians in Great Britain (AUGB), sets out how far even just a small amount of money can go. Examples include: AUGB told Metro.co.uk: ‘Funds raised will be distributed equally between two internationally recognised charities in Ukraine: Red Cross Ukraine and the International Humanitarian Foundation AICM Ukraine.’ The appeal, set up earlier this month, has already allowed for medial supplies to be provided to hospitals in eastern Ukraine today to treat the wounded. You can donate to the appeal here Many charities are asking for donations to help support the military, hospitals and civilians in Ukraine. Below is a crowd-sourced list of reputable fundraisers and charities put together by locals. Supplies for the military Come Back Alive is a Kyiv-based organisation that fundraises for Ukraine’s military, in order to ensure soldiers and volunteers have enough supplies to fight back against Russia. These supplies include auxiliary equipment, specialised software, drones, personal body protection and training. The charity’s website provides instructions on how to donate from abroad, which can be found here. Army SOS also uses donated funds to help purchase supplies for the Ukrainian military, including ammunition, shields and food. Instructions on how to donate can be found here. You can also donate to the Ukrainian army directly. A statement on its website says all donated funds will go to the logistical and medical support of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine has set up a designated bank account for people who want to donate in foreign currency, including pounds, euors and dollars. Although the Ukrainian government has poured unprecedented funds into its defence budget, supplies are far from perfect. The civilian volunteer fundraising movement is believed to have played a major role in helping Ukraine’s military fight back Russia in the last eight years of conflict. You can find details on how to donate here. Medical supplies Razom for Ukraine, United Help Ukraine, Sunflower of Peace and Revived Soldiers Ukraine are all asking for donations to fund medical aid for injured soldiers and civilians. This includes buying first aid kits, medical supply packs to help soldiers in the frontlines, and medical rehabilitation for those who are injured. Razom for Ukraine’s says it will also use donations to purchase and deliver essential goods, translate important documents and sources, share vital information, and put volunteers on the ground. You can donate to its fundraiser here. United Help Ukraine says it is working with other emergency response organisations to ‘prepare humanitarian aid to civilians that might be directly affected if Russian forces attack’. The charity has provided a PayPal link for donations on its Facebook page, which can be found here. Sunflower of Peace is a fundraiser created by Katya Malakhova and aims to prepare first aid medical backpacks for paramedics and doctors. Each backpack has the potential to save ‘up to 10 lives’, the fundraiser says, including soldiers, civilians, volunteers and children. A statement on Sunflower of Peace’s Facebook page says: ‘In 2014-2016 those backpacks helped paramedics and doctors on the front lines save hundreds and hundred of lives. ‘Those were the bags they didn’t leave out of their sight as they had everything to preserve a person’s life and get them to proper medical care alive. It meant the world to them then and it will mean the world to them now.’ You can donate to Sunflower of Peace here. Revived Soldiers of Ukraine delivers humanitarian and medical aid to soldiers and their families and anyone else affected by military conflict. The non-profit’s website provides details on how to donate securely via PayPal here. Support for children Another charity recommended by Ukrainians is Voices of Children. This organisation provided psychological and psychosocial support to children  affected by the war in eastern Ukraine. Instructions on how to donate to Voices of Children programmes, such as art therapy, can be found here. Journalism Supporting independent journalism is also vital given that Russia has used disinformation to justify its attack. The Kyiv Independent is an major English-language media outlet providing top quality independent journalism from Ukraine.  You can donate via Patreon or GoFundMe. This link also directs to a number of resources that can help you better understand the crisis in Ukraine, and what more you can do to help. MORE : How to talk to children about what’s happening in Ukraine and World War Three anxiety MORE : Russia invades Ukraine live updates: Kyiv hit by second missile wave as troops close in Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.