Heavyweight boxing champion Oleksandr Usyk has pleaded with Russian president Vladimir Putin to stop the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 198 people have been killed since Russia launched its invasion on Thursday with three children among the dead. Usyk, the reigning WBA, WBO and IBF heavyweight champion, was in London earlier this week but has returned to his homeland, calling on his countrymen to unite. After issuing that rallying cry, the 35-year-old has now called for Putin to back down and urged the Russian people to make their own protests known. For the latest updates on the Russia-Ukraine war, visit our live blog:  Russia-Ukraine live ‘Good morning my name is Oleksandr Uysk. I want to appeal to the Russian people,’ he said in a video shared on Instagram. ‘If you consider us brotherly people, do not let your military, your children, go to our country. Stop attacking us. ‘I also appeal to President Putin. Stop this war! Don’t give us ultimatums and declare your conditions, just sit down at the negotiating table. ‘We need to talk and stop everything. Our children, our mothers, our grandmothers and ordinary people are hiding in basements. ‘We have to act as we do. We are protecting ourselves. Stop it. Stop this war.’ Former heavyweight champions Vitaly and Wladimir Klitschko meanwhile have vowed to take up arms to defend Ukraine against the invasion over the last week. ‘It’s already a bloody war. I don’t have another choice, I have to do that. I’ll be fighting,’ Vitaly, the major of Kyiv, told ITV’s Good Morning Britain when asked if he would be taking up arms against Russia. Wladimir, who enlisted in the Ukraine reserve army earlier this month, wrote: ‘Putin makes it clear that he wants to destroy the Ukrainian state and the sovereignty of its people. ‘Words are followed by missiles and tanks. Destruction and death come upon us. That’s it, blood will mix with tears… We will defend ourselves with all our might and fight for freedom and democracy.’ MORE : Ukraine president follows Madonna on Instagram as she posts musical montage comparing Putin to Hitler MORE : Manchester United superstar Cristiano Ronaldo joins voices calling for peace in Ukraine For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 