Fred has criticised Manchester United’s board for their lack of long-term planning and described it as ‘strange’ that the club appointed an interim manager to replace Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. The Red Devils’ hierarchy decided to sack the Norwegian in November last year and brought in former RB Leipzig sporting director Ralf Rangnick on an interim basis until the end of the season, after which point he will then take up an advisory role. Although Fred says Rangnick is a ‘great coach’ and has no issues with the German, he is concerned by the lack of long-term strategy at the club which is typified by the managerial situation. ‘It’s a big strange,’ Fred told TNT Sports Brazil when asked about the idea of an interim manager being appointed in the middle of a season. ‘I know in football it’s important to get good results as soon as possible, but it’s also important to have a long-term plan. ‘It’s a little bit bad for us not to have one. At the moment it’s all about the short-term goals. ‘We don’t know how it’s going to be after the end of this season.’ Regardless of how well he does between now and the end of the season, Rangnick is not expected to get the United job on a permanent basis but could have a big say in his successor. United’s hierarchy are starting to draw up a list of potential options, with a view to interviewing them in the summer, with the likes of PSG boss Mauricio Pochettino and Ajax head coach Erik ten Hag at the top of their list. Fred, meanwhile, has not won any silverware since arriving at Old Trafford from Shakhtar Donetsk in a £47million deal in 2018, and the Brazilian is desperate to add some titles to his CV. He continued: ‘Every player that comes to this club wants to win titles. ‘We want trophies but it’s been a long drought. With all due respect to Villarreal, it was our job to win that Europa League final [last season] and we failed. ‘It’s about having better football planning in the club — if you don’t want to win titles you don’t deserve to play for Manchester United.’ MORE : Bruno Fernandes slams claims Manchester United squad are unhappy with Ralf Rangnick’s tactics MORE : ‘I don’t agree with them’ – Fred responds to criticism from Manchester United legends Roy Keane and Paul Scholes For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 