Social media platforms will be legally required to give users the power to block unverified users and opt out of seeing harmful content under the government’s new online safety laws. The update is to protect people from ‘anonymous trolls’ and potentially harmful content, said Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries. Under the changes to the Draft Online Safety Bill, the biggest social media platforms, such as Twitter and Facebook, will be legally required to offer ways for users to verify their own identities and control who can interact with them, including being able to block anyone who has not verified their identity or anonymous accounts. Similarly, the largest platforms will also be compelled to make tools available for their users which will allow them to choose whether or not they see certain content that not illegal but still causes significant harm, such as racist abuse, the promotion of self-harm, eating disorders and anti-vaccine disinformation. ‘Tech firms have a responsibility to stop anonymous trolls polluting their platforms,’ said Dorries. ‘We have listened to calls for us to strengthen our new online safety laws and are announcing new measures to put greater power in the hands of social media users themselves,’ she said. According to Dorries, the update will give people ‘more control over who can contact them and be able to stop the tidal wave of hate served up to them by rogue algorithms’. The government clarified that the onus would be on the platforms to decide on which methods to use to fulfil the identity verification duty as long as they give users the option to opt-in or out. This means that sites could ask users to verify their profile picture to ensure it is a true likeness, use two-factor authentication where a prompt is sent to a user’s mobile phone to verify them or require a government-issued ID in order to create an account. The government also said it did not want to ban anonymity online entirely because that would negatively affect those who use it for personal safety. The idea is to strike a balance between empowering and protecting people while still safeguarding freedom of speech. A number of platforms, including Twitter and Instagram, already allow users to block accounts and limit if and when specific accounts or people can comment on their posts or contact them directly. However, this update would see the power of these tools strengthened and applied more broadly across the largest social media sites. ‘Anonymous abuse has been the subject of many debates in Parliament, and the Government has found the right balance between protection and freedom of speech by focusing on user choice,’ said Damian Collins, chairman of the Joint Committee on the Draft Online Safety Bill. The changes have also been welcomed by MPs and peers who have previously scrutinised the Bill. The Online Safety Bill is expected to come before Parliament in the coming months. MORE : Huge blow for porn industry as you’ll have to prove age to log on and get off MORE : How to keep your kids safe online: Tech tips that modern parents should know