Snoop Dogg has recalled how Queen Elizabeth stopped him from being kicked out of the UK when he was facing murder charges. The Drop It Like It’s Hot rapper said the queen was ‘his gal’ as he revealed she stepped in to stop him from being sent back to the US when he was accused of first-degree murder. In 1993, Snoop and his bodyguard were arrested after a man was shot dead in Los Angeles, with the rapper charged with murder in the first degree for his death. The charges would later be dropped, but Snoop, who was on tour in the UK at the time, faced growing calls for him to be removed from the country. In a new interview with DJ Whoo Kid, Snoop remembered one UK publication used  his photograph on the front page with the headline: ‘Kick this evil b****** out’. He told the DJ: ‘This was while I was fighting a murder case and over [in the UK] doing shows.’ ‘But guess who came to my defence?,’ he continued. ‘Just take a guess.’ ‘The queen! She said “This man has done nothing in our country. He can come.” Bow down… when the queen speak, bow down.’ Snoop went on: ‘That’s Harry and William’s grandmother. You dig? You think one of them say “Grandma, please let him in grandma! He’s ok, we love his music!”?’ Switching to a semi-English accent, Snoop impersonated Queen Elizabeth and said: “You know Harry, I’ll let him in for you. He’s not so bad after all and he’s quite cute.”‘ As the host burst into laughter, Snoop addressed the queen directly and said: ‘Thank you queen, I love you baby… The queen, that’s my gal.’ Both Snoop and his bodyguard were acquitted of the murder in 1996, with Snoop going on to become one of the world’s most influential musicians in the rap scene. Most recently, the star revealed he was teaming up with Kelly Clarkson for a new TV talent show tipped to be the US version of the Eurovision Song Contest. It will feature performances from musicians representing all 50 states, five US territories and the American capital. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Snoop Dogg to host ‘US Eurovision’ competition American Song Contest with Kelly Clarkson MORE : 50 Cent makes surprise cameo as Dr Dre, Eminem, Mary J Blige, Kendrick Lamar and Snoop Dogg serve ultimate Super Bowl halftime show 