Love Island viewers were left cringing over an awkward moment between Coco Lodge, Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri. Coco and Andrew cracked on in Casa Amor after the girls told him that Tasha wasn’t as into him as she was making out to be. However, upon their return to the main villa, Andrew admitted he still had feelings for Tasha, with the pair now rekindling their romance. Andrew went on to fully shut things down with Coco. However, in a brief moment on Wednesday night’s episode, Coco was seen lying in bed next to Tasha – as she snogged Andrew. Fans were utterly bemused by the situation. ‘Not Coco just lying beside Andrew and Tasha necking on,’ one pointed out, while another added: ‘Not Andrew, Coco and Tasha all being in the same bed.’ ‘Andrew kissing Tasha whilst in bed with CoCo?? MEN CAN KILL,’ one more said. However, things haven’t been totally smooth sailing between Tasha and Andrew, after she was left in tears on Tuesday’s episode. While chatting on the terrace during the evening, the dancer had told the real estate agent that she wanted to give their relationship another shot, which made him beam as he leant in to give her a smooch. Later on while in bed with Billy – who she coupled up with after Casa Amor – noticed that she was crying after saying that she hopes that she’s treated like a ‘princess’. When Billy Brown questioned her to ask why she was upset, Tasha admitted that she was afraid of being hurt by Andrew again. She also shared that she was wondering if she was missing out by not being with Billy, as she encouraged her to laugh rather than cry. Love Island continues Thursday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘She’s the fakest person I’ve ever met’: Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti rips into Ekin-Su Culculoglu over Adam Collard’s arrival MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish ‘insinuates Paige Thorne should have quit with Jacques O’Neill’: ‘I didn’t think he’d be leaving alone’ 