The two candidates in the race to become Britain’s next prime minister have clashed bitterly over the economy in a heated first head-to-head TV debate. Foreign secretary and favourite Liz Truss accused former chancellor Rishi Sunak of a plan that would ‘crash the economy’, during the fractious BBC clash this evening. Sunak said his rival’s ‘unconservative and unfunded’ tax cut plans would leave our children and grandchildren saddled with paying off Covid debts. Truss accused the former chancellor of overseeing ‘project fear’, before he hit back by saying that only one of them campaigned for remain – to which Truss replied: ‘maybe I’ve learnt from that’. There was an awkward opening sequence where both candidates smiled straight down the camera lens, leading many to wonder if they were cardboard cut outs. Sunak repeatedly interrupted his rival in the early stages, as they clashed over when to pay back Covid debts and the allegation that the former chancellor’s economic plan would push the UK into recession. Truss went on to say she would ‘love’ her opposite number to be in her team if she becomes PM, something Sunak did not repeat. Truss is the heavy favourite to take over in Number 10 on September 6, after around 180,000 Conservative Party members vote on who their next leader should be – and therefore who will become prime minister. But her former cabinet colleague suggested her approach would give the party ‘absolutely no chance’ of winning the next election, as he claimed one of her own advisors had said her plan would lead to 7% interest rates. Truss said she would put an economic growth plan in place ‘immediately’ if she gets the keys to Number 10. The first of a number of one-on-one hustings comes amid a bad-tempered contest which has seen the two candidates to replace Boris Johnson trade personal barbs and clash on the economy and tax. The blue-on-blue attacks continued on social media, with Truss supporter and Johnson loyalist Nadine Dorries tweeting: ‘Rishi really needs to stop talking over #Liz4Leader #LeadersDebate ‘It’s a terrible look. ‘He’s irritable, aggressive, bad tempered. He’s loosing (sic) it.’ Meanwhile, Labour’s Greater Manchester Mayor, Andy Burnham, tweeted: ‘Becoming more and more obvious that the Tories need to go into Opposition and continue these bitter arguments there.’ Truss said her plans would see the government start paying down the debt in three years’ time, with Mr Sunak countering: ‘You’ve promised over £40 billion of unfunded tax cuts – £40 billion more borrowing. ‘That is the country’s credit card and it’s our children and grandchildren, everyone here’s kids will pick up the tab for that. ‘There’s nothing Conservative about it.’ But Truss countered that Covid was a once in a hundred year event and paying the debt off immediately does not make sense. ‘No other country is putting up taxes at this moment, the OECD has described Rishi’s policies as contractionary’, she said. ‘What does contractionary mean? ‘It means it will lead to a recession.’ Sunak, meanwhile, made his own barbs about Truss’s financial plans. He said: ‘Liz, your plans, your own economic adviser has said that will lead to mortgage interest rates going up to 7%, can you imagine what that’s going to do for everyone here and everyone watching, that’s thousands of pounds on their mortgage bill? ‘It’s going to tip millions of people into misery and it’s going to mean we have absolutely no chance of winning the next election either.’ They both agreed that they would not give Johnson a job in their cabinet. But the audience – entirely made up of Tory voters in Stoke – did clap Sunak when he gave his former boss a 10/10 for his efforts to resolve the Brexit paralysis. The BBC dedicated one question to the climate crisis, asking the candidates what three things people should do to help the environment. Sunak listed energy efficiency, recycling and innovation, while Truss said using less, wasting less and innovation were key. The debate then quickly turned to personal insults and comments about about the cost of the two candidates’ clothing. Truss said Sunak was ‘finely dressed’ after another tweet from Dorries contrasted the foreign secretary, who went to a comprehensive school, and her £4.50 earrings with Sunak’s suit, that apparently cost £3,500. With postal ballots set to arrive on Tory members’ doorsteps by August 5, Sunak was under pressure to use the BBC debate and another hosted by TalkTV and the Sun on Tuesday to make an early breakthrough. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Rishi Sunak’s sarcastic response after Liz Truss chickens out of Andrew Neil interview