Erik ten Hag hinted loan moves are on the cards for two of the Manchester United youngsters who impressed during Friday’s 4-1 pre-season win over Melbourne Victory. In front of a bumper crowd over over 74,000, United scored four goals for the second game in succession following the thrashing of Liverpool earlier this week. Ten Hag’s side recovered from the early blow of conceding to Chris Ikonomidis’ opening goal after just five minutes, when both Victor Lindelof and Harry Maguire failed to cover themselves in glory. A deflected shot from Scott McTominay deservedly saw United draw level just before half-time and there was still enough left in the opening period for Antony Martial to put his side in front at the break. Ten Hag rang the changes at interval, bringing on an entirely new XI with Ethan Laird and Tahith Chong two of the standout performers. Chong spent last season on loan at Birmingham but showed flashes of the skill and running power that persuaded United to purchase him from Feyenoord six years ago. Much, meanwhile, is expected of Laird who filled the right-back position in the second period, and was selected ahead of Aaron Wan-Bissak, but Ten Hag suggested spells away from Old Trafford may suit the development of both players best. On Laird and Chong specifically, Ten Hag said: ‘That’s why we took them with us, we want to have impression of all the players. ‘They got chance to show what they can and what capabilities they can contribute to Man Utd or maybe a loan period better, also there is other possibilites. ‘This is good United has some talents, but you see they need improvements and development.’ Ten Hag, meanwhile, was impressed with the response of his team to falling behind, particularly against organised opponents who employed a low block. He said: ‘It was clearly a really compact opponent, they started really back waiting for us, so it’s difficult for us to create chances ‘You get doubt in first minute that something was wrong but the team reacted really good, especially on the right side. ‘I would say against opponents coming forward it is easy, the space is bigger. When opposition is that far back you have to invest in running opposite, running more and ball decisions you need intelligence to create something.’ MORE : Three things we learned from Manchester United’s 4-1 win over Melbourne Victory MORE : Chelsea dealt Nathan Ake blow as Manchester City decide not to sell For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 