Lorraine Kelly has confirmed that she has tested positive for Covid over the weekend and was forced to pull out of presenting her ITV show. The 62-year-old morning presenter shared the news on Twitter, but reassured fans that she’ll be fronting her titular programme ‘very soon.’ In the meantime, former Countdown presenter Carol Vorderman will take over hosting duties until Lorraine recovers. Updating her followers on Twitter, Lorraine wrote: ‘Well the Covid has finally got me and I tested positive at the weekend. ‘Thanks to the vaccine it’s not too bad and I hope to be back at work very soon. Huge thanks to @carolvorders who will be hosting @lorraine until I’m back.’ Fans and celebrities rushed to wish Lorraine a speedy recovery in the comments section. Labour Deputy Leader Angela Rayner replied: ‘Hope you feel better soon.’ Scottish comedian Janey Godley also tweeted: ‘Aw pal stay well.’ This comes after Lorraine’s ITV daytime show was taken off air mid-way through Thursday’s episode after it was announced that Boris Johnson would be resigning as Prime Minister. The presenter had just begun an interview with JLS star Aston Merrygold when news came in that they would be cutting to ITV News live to cover the Prime Minister’s imminent resignation. Aston, 34, had been less than two minutes into his interview on Lorraine as she cut the chat short, saying: ‘Now, I tell you what, we’ve got more on that news from Westminster. ‘We’re going to hand you over to ITV News with all of the breaking news about the imminent resignation of Boris Johnson.’ Turning to Aston, Lorraine added: ‘So very sorry about that, you need to come back!’ Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sir Cliff Richard all smiles at Wimbledon day 8 following viewer backlash to surprise performance – with Lorraine Kelly and Stephen Fry also in attendance MORE : Lorraine Kelly pays tribute to ‘class act’ Michael Barratt as Nationwide presenter dies aged 94 