Being able to touch, swatch and test beauty products in person is an experience that just can’t be matched online. Sure, AI technology is getting smarter, but there’s nothing quite like playing with a product in your hands to know if it’s truly for you. Ariana Grande knows this too, so UK fans of her brand r.e.m. beauty will be glad to see the arrival of physical stands in Selfridges in just a couple of weeks. From August, the playful brand – with a Gen Z and millennial following – will launch in stores so consumers can try before they buy. This is the first time r.e.m. products will be available in UK stores. The range is designed to be multi-tasking, vegan, cruelty-free and paraben-free – with the hero product being the Cooling Blurring Undereye Balm, which sells every 12 seconds globally. Other standouts are the Gel Eyeshadows (we tested it and it stays put all day), Eyeshadow Palettes (they’re buttery and blend easily), and the Matte Lipsticks (which are comfortable to wear despite being matte). Selfridges will have a makeup service menu curated by makeup artist Ash K Holm, which will be a nostalgic nod to the 60s – with statement eyes that are perfectly lined, as well as luminous skin and lips. To celebrate the launch, there will be competitions and prizes to be won at a touring pop-up across Selfridges branches. Ariana Grande, said: ‘The first time I tested and wore any of our r.e.m. formulas publicly was live on stage at The O2 arena in London, so three years later it’s incredibly special and meaningful to be finally launching the brand here in the UK, especially with Selfridges, which is synonymous with beauty and such a respected institution. ‘Now more than ever physical retail and having that touch-point where people can see, feel and test and experience the products first-hand is so important.’ r.e.m. beauty lands at Selfridges London, Manchester, Birmingham and online at Selfridges.com this August. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Celebrity makeup artist Isamaya Ffrench – who has created looks for Zendaya and Rihanna – launches her own line MORE : Blush draping is the makeup trend you need to know for a lifted look MORE : I came to the UK by boat 20 years ago – makeup helps heal my PTSD