Owain Wyn Evans came crashing into our lives in April 2020 when he posted a video of himself drumming his heart away to the BBC News theme tune. The weather presenter quickly went viral and has proved to be an unstoppable force ever since. That summer, he was announced as a patron of the LGBT Foundation, and he went on to have appearances on Michael McIntyre’s The Wheel and Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. Today, we’re thrilled to announce that Owain is taking on the role of Metro.co.uk’s LGBTQ+ Agony Aunt. Dear Owain, I came out to my family during the pandemic, but we still haven’t really spoken openly about it face to face. My family is so open and kind and has supported me all the way but for some reason, I still freeze when it comes to my sexuality and them – and them only. I recently got a boyfriend and I really want to tell them about him but I’m struggling to find a way I feel comfortable with – can you help? What you must be feeling at the moment is what so many LGBTQ people have felt at some stage in their lives, although that doesn’t make it any easier. You come out, you feel the weight is lifted. But then, naturally, you want to talk about the important things and people in your life (such as your boyfriend) in more detail, which can feel a little alien! These things sometimes take time, especially when you haven’t had the opportunity to speak in person yet. But just know that you’ve overcome the first and most difficult hurdle on the track, the initial coming out bit. Is there one family member you are most close to? A sibling, perhaps a cousin? I think it’s always good to share such things with someone you feel the most relaxed around first. Coming out is sometimes a long process and as LGBTQ people we have often (and sometimes inadvertently) been made to feel ashamed of who we are, and when you’re close to your family the fear of saying certain things aloud can be overwhelming. However, to me, your family sounds kind and supportive, which is so wonderful. It may be daunting, but don’t be afraid to talk to them about these things. It may feel a little strange at first and there may even be a few setbacks but be patient and be kind to yourself and only talk about these things when you feel ready to do so. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 