A father has revealed how his son’s phone continued to be bombarded by gambling firms weeks after his death. John Myers didn’t realise how bad things were for his son, Ryan, 27, who ended up taking his life in 2014. John is now campaigning to get football clubs to reform advertising of betting within the sport and completed a walk from Manchester to Liverpool to raise awareness. He said he knew something was wrong when Ryan wrote on Facebook that he had let people down. He went to his home in Huyton, Merseyside, where he saw emergency crews. Inside he found a betting slip and saw that Ryan’s card had been declined. When his family got access to his emails, they could see just how much pressure he had been under from advertising and spam. Ryan’s father John Myers said: ‘Ryan was a bubbly, happy lad. Our world fell apart when we he died. ‘The adverts played a massive role in his addiction – they wouldn’t let him break free and didn’t warn him about the dangers. Instead, they kept telling him gambling was fun and safe. ‘Unless the adverts are going to show what can happen to families – the funerals and the heartbreak – then they’ve got to go.’ John joined 70 people waling from Manchester City’s Etihad stadium, to Manchester United’s Old Trafford ground, Everton’s Goodison Park and Liverpool’s Anfield home venue. They all wore yellow shirts with the figure 409 on their backs to mark the number of gambling-related suicides in the UK every year. John saw that Ryan had tried to get help and spoke to someone he met on YouTube who was trying to help him. John said: ‘One of the things my son said when he was talking to this guy was, every time he tried to stop, he couldn’t get away. ‘Because every time, he would get texts or emails, he would go out and it would be on the streets, it would be in adverts, in the paper, on the TV. He just couldn’t get away from it. And that’s what [gambling companies are] like, they’re predatory. ‘They look for people, they look for a chink in someone’s armour, and they go for them. And when they start losing, and they can see they start losing, instead of trying to help them, they give them VIP status, and give them more credit, and give them more free bets. ‘The problem we’ve got is gambling is seen as a normal part of everyday life. People don’t like coming forward because they’re scared of the stigma, because when they try, people just say to them, “Well just stop”, as if they can. ‘And that’s one of the things that gets me when people in the government, people in the gambling industry, just put it all on the addict and say, “Self-exclude, you do this, you do that”. ‘What are they doing? What they’re doing is getting people into gambling. What they’re doing is grooming people into gambling. What they’re doing is offering free bets after free bets after free bets to try to get people in.’ In the coming days, the government is due to release a white paper on gambling reform following a review of the Gambling Act 2005, which ‘liberalised the regulation of gambling, which has led to a substantial increase in gambling-related harm’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.