Love Island’s Gemma Owen has expressed her anger over a raunchy new challenge which sees her beau Luca Bish snog another islander. During last night’s Aftersun, presented by Laura Whitmore, a first look clip from tonight’s episode showed Gemma kicking off over the steamy task which asks ‘the shortest boy to kiss the tallest girl for 20 seconds’ in both Casa Amor and the villa, with the fastest duo to kiss deemed the winners. While Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Billy Brown are more than game for the challenge and lock lips around the firepit while the other contestants count up for 20 seconds in Casa Amor, the daughter of footballing legend Michael Owen quickly realises she has likely been dealt a tough card. Wondering aloud who the shortest boy in the villa is, Indiyah Polack says ‘wait, who’s the shortest guy in the villa’, leaving Gemma, 19, fuming, ‘Luca for f**k’s sake.’ Gemma also rages in the Beach Hut, where she reveals the challenge ‘certainly p*ssed me off.’ And it seems the dressage rider’s fears are not unfounded, as a teaser for Monday night’s episode shows fishmonger Luca enjoying a steamy snog with newcomer Chyna Mills, 23. When a text confirms Luca won the task for the villa, Gemma appears less than impressed, while Luca says nervously, ‘Gemma’s going to love that isn’t she?’. We already know the answer to that one… It is not the first time Gemma has shocked by goings on at the Majorcan villa, with newcomer Billy Brown, an acquaintance, joining her recently at Casa Amor. Gemma revealed she has ‘mutual friends’ with the 23-year-old, explaining that ‘one of my best boy mates on the outside is his best mate.’ But the biggest surprise for Gemma was when one of her ex-boyfriends, Jacques O’Neill, moved into the villa to ruffle some feathers. Jacques, 23, used to date Gemma for around a year and is a rugby player, having played junior rugby league for Askam ARLFC before being signed to the Castleford Tigers academy. He’s also played for the Leigh Centurions and Halifax in the Betfred Championship on loan and dual registration. One of the latest surprise additions to the Love Island villa to raise a few eyebrows is Irish singer Ronan Keating’s son Jack, 23, who quickly bonded with Gemma over their respective famous families. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 