Love Island’s Luca Bish became the first islander this series to drop the L-bomb, taking Gemma Owen to the terrace to confess his love for her. ‘I can’t help how I feel and hopefully you feel the same,’ he told her after the pair recently enjoyed a romantic date. ‘You know I’ve fallen for you.’ ‘I’ve never been so sure in saying something,’ he added, going on to say he ‘sees a future’ with Gemma. Luca went on: ‘I think I’m in love with you. No, I am in love with you.’ A smitten Gemma responded: ‘I love you too.’ The 23-year-old fishmonger had hinted he would be saying the three words earlier that evening, during the recoupling when he said he was getting bored of their ‘elephant juice’ comments. This won’t be the first time odd vocabulary has drawn the attention of Love Island viewers – from ‘pied off’ to ‘putting all my eggs in one basket’, the Islanders over the years have definitely created their own vocabulary. But recently, fans have taken to Twitter to question what exactly elephant juice means. Others clarified the meaning in comments, with one writing: ‘It looks like you’re saying I love you,’ and another adding: ‘When you lip read it looks like I love you.’ According to The Sun, the words ‘elephant juice’, ‘generate a similar pattern of lip movements’ to ‘I love you.’ While some Love Island fans may recall that from primary school, but the publication added that it was first featured in the 1999 film Elephant Juice, directed by Sam Miller. The rom-com is about an four couples navigating modern romance, as they seek love through sex and friendship. Love Island continues Friday night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Gemma Owen ‘makes snide comment’ about Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti during Tasha Ghouri’s romantic gesture MORE : Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page at risk of elimination minutes after making things official – Love Island episode 39 talking points 