Spice Girls fans are feeling the excitement after the group’s official Twitter account posted a tweet with the hashtag ‘#Spiceworld25’, hinting at an incoming announcement marking the special anniversary. The tweet on Tuesday also featured the instantly recognisable branding from their second album, featuring a spinning globe updated with the new slogan. It comes as the girl group’s official website has also been refreshed with the new branding in reference to Victoria Beckham, Mel C, Mel B, Emma Bunton and Geri Halliwell’s iconic record, which featured bangers including Spice Up Your Life, Stop and Too Much. The band unveiled a lyric video of Wannabe as they marked 26 years since their debut single last week, and appeared to be dropping hints to plans in the works for the next anniversary then, tweeting ‘#ByeSpice25 #HiSpiceworld25’. Last year’s 25th anniversary for debut album Spice saw the ladies treat fans to Spice25, a repackaged album with rare demos, previously-unreleased track Feed My Love and remastered recordings. Could we be in for something similar this time? Could they finally headline Glastonbury in 2023, as has been teased so many times? ‘We NEED at least one NEW MUSIC VIDEO pls,’ begged one fan, while another thought they had it down. ‘It’s the 25th anniversary of Spiceworld this year. Expect similar to what was released with Spice 25 last year,’ they tweeted. Others were happy with whatever might be around the corner as one commented: ‘Take all my money!’ ‘Can’t wait to celebrate this masterpiece!!!’ gushed another. Others were hopeful of the excellent 1997 film  of the same name getting a look in somehow on the celebration as one posted: ‘Manifesting movie on streaming movie on streaming movie on streaming.’ With the album not released until November 1, 1997, and the film even later on December 15 of that year, we may have a little more waiting to do ahead of official releases. However, hopefully the fabulous fivesome won’t keep fans waiting too long to reveal what it is they’re up to and what can be expected. Meanwhile, rumours are flying that the full Spice Girls line-up will actually reunite for Geri Horner’s 50th  birthday bash in August. Victoria last joined Geri, Mel B, Mel C and Emma on stage for the closing ceremony of the London Olympics in 2012. This party performance could be the perfect warm-up for something public, just saying… Hai si ja, hold tight! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Romeo Beckham and Mia Regan ‘split after three years together’ MORE : Doting parents David and Victoria Beckham mark daughter Harper’s 11th birthday with adorable famiy throwbacks, including heartmelting video 