Ian Wright has responded to Alan Sugar’s ‘complete f***ing foolishness’ after the former Tottenham chairman suggested his Twitter complaint got Wright a job commentating on the Women’s Euros. Sugar tweeted on Saturday whinging about all-female commentary teams during the Women’s European Championship. He wrote: ‘I am watching the women football and notice that ALL the commentators are women. I also note when men’s football is on there is a symbolic female commentator to cover the broadcasters arse. Should I complain there should me a male commentator in women’s football.’ His moan wasn’t even accurate as Jonathan Pearce has been commentating on the tournament, but when Wright was on commentary for the England vs Norway game on Monday night, he reckoned he had made an impact. ‘I was pleased to see my old mate Ian Wright was given the opportunity to commentate on the ladies game last night,’ Sugar tweeted. ‘I wonder if my earlier tweet below touched a nerve. Of course BBC sport will say not at all, Ian was already lined up for it @IanWright0.’ Of course that was nonsense and Wright has called him out for it in a superb video he posted on Twitter on Tuesday morning. Wright said: ‘Can everyone please just stop sending me the Alan Sugar tweet. I was taking my daughter to singing lessons and the tweet is blowing up, it’s doing my head in, I can’t believe it. ‘Alan, the thing is, my friend, rather than just say: “I got it wrong, lots of men are working at all levels of the tournament,” you double downed on some complete f***ing foolishness. ‘In your mind, you actually thought that after you sent that tweet, the BBC phoned me up. Never mind the fact that we’ve been ready to do this for a year, I’ve been booked for a year. ‘You genuinely think that they called me up and said, “Ian, you’ve got to get back from Germany ASAP, Alan Sugar’s tweeted and we can’t upset him, we need to get you on!” ‘You genuinely believe that happened? I need to know! Because that says to me your ego is totally out of control. ‘Where’s the people around you to hug you bro? You need some hugs man. Coming on Twitter for attention like this, it’s laughable. Stop doing it to yourself. ‘But I’ve got to say, thank you for that tweet, because if it wasn’t for you I’d have missed one of the greatest England games that’s ever been played! [Laughs] ‘In all seriousness, I’m glad you’re watching and the only thing you can find fault with doesn’t even exist. ‘I sit in rooms with ex-players belittling the women’s game all the time. I’m so glad it annoys you and all of them. ‘I hope you enjoy the rest of the tournament. Can you please tweet again so I can work Friday? Please? God bless.’ MORE : Gabby Logan shuts down Lord Alan Sugar taking credit for Ian Wright’s  Women’s Euros commentary MORE : ‘One of our symbolic men!’ – BBC commentator Robyn Cowen shuts down Alan Sugar after complaints over Euro 2022 coverage For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 