Three cockapoo pups who needed emergency RSPCA care for parvovirus need your help. These sickly eight-week-old puppies are called Huey, Louie and Chloe, and they’ve racked up quite the vet bill between them. The poor babies were taken in by the charity’s Southend and District branch after they took ill at the end of June. They were rushed to the vets where they were diagnosed with parvovirus – a highly contagious and deadly virus that attacks the intestines. The unwell pups were taken to the charity after having been abandoned by their previous owner. Now, they’ve been joined by a fourth, called Zoe, who’s got the same dangerous illness. Branch manager Kathy Butler said: ‘Poor Huey is the weakest of the three and has been struggling to hold his head up or keep his food down. The staff have been feeding him little and often but his little 1kg (2.2lb) body has been battered by this awful virus. ‘Louie and Chloe are a little stronger and brighter but haven’t shown any interest in eating or drinking on their own so continue to be tube and syringe fed by staff. ‘They had expensive antiviral medication for three days as well as ongoing fluids and supportive care. Some of the staff had to feed Huey every two hours and then sit with him to prop his head up. It’s been really touch-and-go.’ So far, the total vet bill for all three has come to over £5,300, so the branch is appealing for financial aid from the public via a Just Giving page. Kathy added: ‘Parvovirus is a horrific infection and, sadly, it can kill young, unvaccinated dogs very quickly. After taking in Huey, Louie and Chloe we also took in a fourth cockapoo puppy, called Zoe, who was displaying similar symptoms. ‘The puppies came to us from a breeder via a third party, and we’re incredibly concerned that we could see more pups suffering from the same hideous virus. We’re doing our best to help other dogs at the same site but can’t go into further detail at the moment. ‘We’ll be fundraising to help recoup some of the costs of the puppies’ vet care, but we’re also appealing to local animal-lovers to help by donating to our emergency appeal. We’re so grateful to anyone who can support us and help us help these innocent souls; every pound helps.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Puppies abandoned in car left unattended for 24 hours MORE : Newborn puppies found abandoned in woods with umbilical cords still attached MORE : Three abandoned Labrador puppies found on the street are now on the road to recovery