Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown has finally heard about the Mike Wheeler haters and she’s absolutely stunned. Millie, 18 – who plays Eleven in the hit Netflix sci-fi horror show – can’t believe there are fans who don’t like her on-screen boyfriend Mike (played by Finn Wolfhard). During a Q&A at a German Comic Con event over the weekend, a fan asked Millie for her thoughts on her character’s on-screen relationship, and she was left a little baffled. She asked: ‘My opinion? I mean, do you like him?’ The fan said they liked Eleven, but don’t like Mike, with Millie replying: ‘What? You don’t like Mike? In Germany you guys don’t like Mike? You know in America, people love Mike.’ The crowd certainly seemed to fall into the ‘don’t like Mike’ camp, and the actress was determined to get to the bottom of it. She asked: ‘Can somebody tell me why they don’t like Mike? What’s wrong with him? He’s not a good boyfriend, is that it?’ The original fan insisted Mike isn’t a ‘good friend’, which comes after fans criticised him for neglecting his friendship with Will Byers (Noah Schnapp), as well as being clueless to his pal’s struggle with his sexuality. ‘Oh he’s not a good friend. There’s not much I can say about that. Although Finn, he’s a great friend. He’s the bestest friend,’ she laughed. Another fan also called out Mike for not telling El he loves her, and Millie agreed: ‘Oh yeah, what’s wrong with that?! I was like bro, just say you love me.’ She added: ‘I’m shocked. I’m gonna call Finn and tell him not to come to Germany.’ Meanwhile, Noah recently confirmed his character is gay and has feelings for Mike after plenty of speculation from fans. He told Variety: ‘It’s pretty clear this season that Will has feelings for Mike. They’ve been intentionally pulling that out over the past few seasons.’ He added: ‘I feel like [the writers] never really address it or blatantly say how Will is. That’s the beauty of it, that it’s just up to the audience’s interpretation.’ Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things 4 star Joseph Quinn ‘felt like a sociopath’ putting on his Hawkins American accent MORE : Stranger Things’ Noah Schnapp reveals how Doja Cat reacted to his apology over sharing her DMs 