Heathrow’s cap on flights is now expected to last until after the October half-term. The UK’s largest airport has told airlines flights will now be limited until October 29 due to staff shortages. Heathrow is also warning it could take legal action against airlines which do not reduce capacity. Just last week the airport announced a passenger departure limit of 100,000 people a day until September 11 to help it cope with demand. Paul Charles, chief executive of travel consultancy the PC Agency, said: ‘These further limits on flight numbers will lead many to question why Heathrow is unable to get a grip on its staffing crisis before October at the earliest. ‘Consumers will be concerned about booking half-term trips if they know that Heathrow is continuing to limit passenger numbers towards the end of the year.’ The airport was keen to note the decision is as a result of the pinch point of ground handler resources, which airlines are responsible for contracting and not the airport. The cap is understood to be set at 1,000 inbound and outbound flights through to August 31, and will only rise by 50 flights until the the end of October. Before the pandemic, Heathrow hosted 1,350 flights a day. The airport said it ordered airlines to ‘stop selling summer tickets to limit the impact on passengers’. John Holland-Kaye, chief executive of Heathrow, said last week: ‘Over the past few weeks, as departing passenger numbers have regularly exceeded 100,000 a day, we have started to see periods when service drops to a level that is not acceptable. ‘Our colleagues are going above and beyond to get as many passengers away as possible, but we cannot put them at risk for their own safety and wellbeing.’ He said the issues include long queue times, delays for passengers requiring assistance, bags not travelling with passengers or arriving late, low punctuality and last-minute cancellations. Increased passenger numbers are ‘starting to exceed the combined capacity of airlines, airline ground handlers and the airport’, he added. Heathrow insisted the passenger capacity cap is ‘in line with limits implemented at other airports’. It said airlines have ‘discretion as to how they implement this in their individual schedules’. A spokesperson stressed to Metro.co.uk the measures are kept under constant review, but for them to be fully removed airlines need to recruit more ground handlers to prevent future issues. At Heathrow, the number of airline ground handlers has not increased since January to cope with increased demand following the lifting of coronavirus restrictions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.