On an explosive day of news from Number 10, BBC News presenter Tim Willcox didn’t seem too enthused about the whole thing, after he was caught scrolling his phone with his feet up on the desk. Presenter Ros Atkins reported live from Downing Street on Wednesday, after swathes of government ministers resigned, leaving Boris Johnson’s leadership in peril. However, when the programme cut back to the studio, Tim was seen looking at his phone with his feet up on the desk. Quickly realising he was on air, Tim shot a sheepish look at the camera, before re-adjusting, with the footage cutting back to Ros giving his report. To be fair, we’ve all been glued to our phones today! Fans were left delighted by the gaffe, describing it as a ‘moment of light relief’ on such a hectic news day. One tweeted: ‘Surely I’m not the only one who’s just seen the reporter with his feet on the desk live on the BBC news.’ ‘Congrats to #bbcnews for cutting briefly from Ros Atkins to an anchor with his feet up on the desk,’ another side, while one more added: ‘Accidentally cutting away to Tim Willcox with his feet on the news desk checking his phone was a moment of light relief on the BBC News Channel.’ One more declared that Tim ‘moved like Linford Christie’ when he realised he was on camera. It came on the day Mr Johnson suffered more resignations in a single day than any prime minister in history after the Chris Pincher scandal sparked a brutal mass exodus likened to ‘rats fleeing a sinking ship’. Almost 40 ministers and aides have walked out since Tuesday evening, including two Cabinet ministers, 15 ministers, 17 parliamentary private secretaries, three trade envoys and one vice-chair. Various BBC News gaffes have gone down in TV history – perhaps most memorably, when Simon McCoy inexplicably held a full ream of paper in his hands while reading the headlines in 2013. Only years later did he explain that it was down to him wanting to play a prank on his co-presenter – but being caught out too late. Elsewhere, Victoria Derbyshire managed to arrive late on camera to read the headlines for a bulletin last year, admitting she struggled to get her high heels on last minute. The perils of live TV! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eamonn Holmes dubs ITV press ‘ministry of lies’ after exit and is convinced GB News will overtake Good Morning Britain MORE : Lewis Goodall quits BBC’s Newsnight to join Emily Maitlis and Jon Sopel podcast 