This week, Mercury moves into the sign of Leo which means everyone is going to want to have their say, their moment in the limelight, and their ideas put centre stage. It could get loud. Leo draws our need for self-promotion and recognition to the forefront, and Mercury is all about how we communicate with the world. Everyone is going to have a lot to say this week, including you. How should you navigate, and make the most, of this expressive, revealing, and boisterous energy? Let the tarot guide you… Ahead, you’ll find each star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of July 17 to July 23, with a tarot card pulled and its meaning for the next seven days. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Three of Swords Meaning: People always think you can take it, can handle anything, are robust and rambunctious. And you are. To a point. But, deep down, you’re probably more sensitive and insecure than they’d ever realise, and you need to protect yourself this week from careless, offhand, or even dismissive remarks. The Three of Swords gives you full permission to end or walk away from unpleasant dialogues. Avoid people who are venting. Sidestep the Debbie Downers and the Angry Andys. Look after your personal space. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: Two of Coins Meaning: It’s going to be busy, loud, overwhelming (but not in a bad way), and interesting. Get out your popcorn, Taurus, and pull up a seat to watch the show! The Two of Coins shows that everyone in your life is going to have some drama, excitement, news, gossip, action or opportunity this week and you’re going to be invited to observe, or participate, in all of it. I know you like your sleep and cosy time… but it’s time to be social and active. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Strength Meaning: Say how you feel. Get it off your chest. Share the journey you’ve been on this year, what you’ve overcome or learnt in 2022 so far, because others can benefit from your life lessons, ideas, and wisdom. You don’t often share personal stuff. Now is a good week to do so. The Strength card urges you to communicate your learnings from hardship and struggle. You gloss over much of what you find hard, you make it look easy. Reveal the truth. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: King of Cups Meaning: You are the natural keeper of secrets and the confidant others turn to when they’re sharing their deepest, darkest, most private stuff. The King of Cups has you playing that role again this week and, frankly, you’re here for it. You have innate empathy and understanding for other people’s problems and you’re expert at reassuring, supporting, and comforting those with troubles in their life. Be the counsellor. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Seven of Coins Meaning: We are in your star sign, and so is Mercury, so you’re feeling a total pull towards sharing what’s on your mind and what you want others to know about you. The Seven of Coins shows the theme here is about evolution, growth, change. You are shifting from a long-held mindset or role or circumstance and deciding to take a more leftfield path ahead. Maybe a home move, new career, sabbatical, makeover… something which is all new. You want to talk about it. Do! Others will be fascinated. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Page of Cups Meaning: Keep an eye out for those in your world whom you perceive to be vulnerable or needing your support. The Page of Cups asks you to pour extra love and attention on the younger, or needier, or more struggling people around you. Virgos are great helpers and supporters, and you enjoy being there for others. Play this role to the hilt this week because your calm, composed, caring and rational presence is very much required. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Six of Swords Meaning: You have news to share, and you’re ready to communicate it now. This has been a long time coming. The Six of Swords shows you’re ready to move on, hand in your notice, call it quits, withdraw your support, or make a bold leap away from something towards something else. The process of departure will get underway this week, and it all begins with you saying it out loud (maybe for the first time). You’re ready. Do it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Six of Coins Meaning: Be the voice of positivity this week, tempering and mitigating any negativity you encounter in conversation or dialogue. The Six of Coins asks you to be the custodian of good karma and balance in your world. Speak up for the absent or voiceless, express the benefit of the doubt, share the point of view overlooked. Work hard to do this and you’ll contribute to your corner of the world being a nicer, happier place this week. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Nine of Coins Meaning: The topic of conversation this week will be about the long game. Everyone, including you, is looking at their current position, the state of the world/life, and deciding to make some changes to future-proof their options or vision. Get involved in some deep conversations, ask probing questions, share ideas. The Nine of Coins shows that you can all help each other pressure test and create sound, robust plans for the future. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Six of Cups Meaning: The past feels very much present this week. The Six of Cups shows that you might encounter a message or meeting with someone from way back, someone you once loved or liked a great deal. Or maybe you’ll be asked to attend an old haunt. Or an old role will resurface as an opportunity. It all comes via talking to people and maybe rekindling some old flames. Take a walk down Memory Lane. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: The Devil Meaning: Someone might be trying to smooth-talk you into something which you know, deep down, isn’t right for you or going to lead anyplace you truly want to go… so resist. If it feels like temptation – avoid! Just cut the conversation off and let them find a new victim. The Devil asks you to take the high, hard road, not the path of least resistance. Don’t be persuaded into bad options, wrong choices, or negative places. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Knight of Swords Meaning: Hmm. Someone is trying their luck, pushing their agenda, trying to steam roller over you, or your team/family, and you need to fight back verbally, Pisces. The Knight of Swords asks you to armour up and get stuck in. Don’t just let them have their way or browbeat you into submission. You know your opinion, your worth, and your argument. Go make a compelling case and try to reach a compromise. You can do this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday