Sagging a little? Unsure how best to plan for the rest of your week? We’ve all been there, but the stars are on our side if we need to get out of a rut, and they’re passing on invaluable advice. Slow down the frantic pace of your lifestyle, Taurus. Try not to add yet more tasks to your already sizeable to-do list, Sagittarius. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 27, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 As Mercury faces off with rebellious Uranus, you’ll feel restless and keen to keep moving. Looking for a way to make the coming days more interesting? If so, seek out people or ideas that are innovative and refreshing. Plus, there is potential for a conversation that could leave you upbeat about a key project. Feeling misunderstood? Mercury’s angle with Chiron may help. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 It can be hard to settle to routine tasks and chores, but anything that involves new opportunities could greatly appeal. Keep those ideas coming, as they may be your passport to intriguing experiences. The pace of change will quicken over coming days, and you might feel life is happening too fast. A slower pace will give you time to tweak your plans, if necessary. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You’ll find it easier to come up with clever ideas and brilliant solutions. And you may uncover the answer to a long-running issue. This might not be the best time for talking things over, as inflexible aspects can make it hard to reach an agreement or to compromise. Does a friend show signs of feeling neglected? Arrange to meet them for a coffee and a chance to catch up, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Ready to meet new people, Cancer? Doing so could change your outlook, if you’re prepared to be flexible and open your mind to interesting ideas. If you’re drawn to a person, group or club that holds different views to your own, why not get more involved? You might not agree on certain issues, but their company can provide food for thought, as well as being lively. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Plans could change due to unexpected events. Even so, as Mercury squares off with Uranus, you might prefer spontaneous and exciting happenings to a normal day. Stay alert Leo, as this influence may bring out your wild side, and others could see a facet of you that surprises them, but perhaps delights them as well. Need time out? An impromptu trip can help you unwind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 If you’re feeling frazzled today, it could be down to tense energies that make it difficult to think constructively. Plus, all the things you hoped would go right might go wrong, and not through any fault of your own. Give up the struggle, and go with the flow. You may not get anything much done, but at least you won’t have spent the day fretting and fuming, and feeling stressed out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Have something planned? It could be a novel experience. Part of the enjoyment may be because things take a different turn than expected, Libra. Flexibility can be an asset, and the key to making the most of the day. Plus, as Mercury angles towards healer Chiron, someone might need some reassurance from you that you really care about them. A chat could put their mind at rest. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 There’s potential for a healing conversation, but with the likelihood of strong views being exchanged, it might not be easy to find the middle ground. If you’re dealing with an issue at work, then choose your words carefully. Are you resentful? If so, you won’t hold back. This can be an opportunity to clear the air, but you could make a matter worse unless you’re careful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 If you’re overwhelmed with work, then it’s best not to add more to your list of tasks. The way things are looking, you may not get half of them done. Unexpected issues can crop up, which will take time to sort out. And this phase could last into next week. Roll with it, Archer. And if you do find yourself on an unexpected detour, it might take you somewhere quite unforgettable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Keep things simple over coming days, Capricorn. If you become too bogged down in the details, there’s more scope for things to go wrong. Unpredictable influences could play havoc with your plans, so the less complicated they are, the better. Plus, you may be sensing tomorrow’s New Moon today, as a surge of feeling can inspire you to make a change that is long overdue. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Plans could unravel due to disruptive influences. You may have to rush to get a domestic issue sorted, especially if you’re let down at the last moment. Yet if you trust your gut, you might connect with someone who turns out to be a real find whenever you need help around the house. Going it alone? Be careful with any DIY projects. If you aren’t sure, steer clear, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The Moon’s face off with Pluto could make for an intense day, when you might be less inclined to empathize and more likely to feel defensive. This and Mercury’s edgy tie to Uranus, can coincide with a misunderstanding. If you feel a reaction to someone’s words coming on, pause a while, Pisces. A more considered approach may reveal it to be nothing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 24 to July 30 and Jupiter going retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Leo season is here to bring you fire and confidence this summer – here’s each star sign’s tarot horoscope