It’s the weekend again and the sun seems to be shining on future ventures. But while everything in the garden seems to look rosy, be careful not to rush into what seems like a golden meadow. Taurus, don’t dwell on ambitious ideas too long or that mountain might seem too high to climb. Cancer, don’t be too eager to jump at a new chance, being practical is the way forward. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 30, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 This weekend looks to be positive, if you’re willing to get something out of the way first. The trouble is that you’ve likely been putting this off, and have no inclination to tackle it. If you’ve made a promise, someone will keep you to it, so this could be a day of reckoning. Make a start, and it might be easier than you thought. Once completed, you’ll have time to do as you please. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You could be thrilled about an ambitious idea, if it weren’t for issues that seem to be in the way. Dwell on them for too long, and you might decide they’re too big to conquer, when this may not be the case at all. With just a little confidence and self-belief, the way can open up for you. Plus, as the Sun prepares to align with Jupiter, you’ll find that any fears soon give way to excitement. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 No matter how much you try to explain yourself or set the record straight, someone could be determined to catch you out. Mercury’s tense aspects may keep you on edge, but if you’re being totally honest, you have nothing to worry about. The facts will back up your words. Put such matters to the back of your mind, as this weekend there might be a reason to celebrate. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 While you may jump at the chance to make a dream come true, don’t be in too much of a rush. An edgy Mercury angle can fire you up, but a more practical focus suggests looking into costs and making sure it’s affordable. You might need to adjust your plans, so they fit in with a budget. Still, with a little flare and creativity, you could surprise yourself at all you manage to achieve. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Fired up and ready to grasp an opportunity? Someone may have useful advice. Going into it with your eyes open and knowing what to expect, means you won’t be under any illusions. Still, with a powerful Sun/Jupiter link developing, you might surpass your expectations and get an outstanding result. On another note, Venus in a quiet zone can bring insights into a deep and complex bond. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Feel confused or out of your depth, Virgo? It’s wise not to make matters worse by pushing yourself too hard. Perhaps the best way to handle this is to switch off and take a break. If work is on your mind when it has no reason to be, try turning your attention to something positive. Better still, get involved in enjoyable activities and you’ll soon feel recharged. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If it feels good, carry-on Libra, and make the most of it. This might seem like obvious advice, but with Mercury making a tough aspect, it could be ignored. Instead, you may feel you have to knuckle down and try harder to get something done. If a plan or project is going nowhere, then admit it and leave well alone. You can always come back to it again when the mood takes you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If you’re having difficulty doing something that’s good for you, it might be because you doubt you’ll carry on. It doesn’t have to be too ambitious either, but may be something simple like learning a skill or taking regular steps to reach a desired goal. Making a daily commitment and sticking with it no matter how you feel, could soon bring the changes you seek. You can do it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Venus’s angle with Chiron, makes this a day for conversations that enlighten as well as heal. Have something to share? Talking with a trusted confidant could give you a fresh perspective, but also leave you less burdened. On another note, adopting a can-do attitude to an idea or opportunity, is the first step towards making it a reality. Don’t let negativity stop you, Archer! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You could spend a lot of time thinking about the direction your life is taking, and whether there is anything you can do that might improve it. You may be aware of emotional baggage that’s holding you back, and this is a good time to let some of it go. Plus, streamlining your financial affairs could relieve stress, and enable you to set money goals you’re eager to work towards. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Don’t plan too far ahead this weekend, as things are liable to change. What looks important now, could be overtaken by something that’s an even higher priority. With unexpected events on the cards for some days yet, you’ll do better if you keep things simple. You’ll need time to make best use of developments that may take you by surprise, but that might also open new doors. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Whether you work with your head or your hands, you could easily overdo it and find you have no spark left over for anything else, Pisces. Mercury and Mars both make frazzled links that mean you’ll be looking for an outlet for your energy. A workout or other vigorous exercise could be just what’s needed to leave you calmer. And you’ll end up getting so much more done. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 24 to July 30 and Jupiter going retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Leo season is here to bring you fire and confidence this summer – here’s each star sign’s tarot horoscope