Love Island’s brutal Casa Amor recoupling got very tense very quickly – and it was all down to Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack. The pair, who once looked like they were set to win, were in a solid couple before Indiyah was whisked to Casa Amor – but now things couldn’t be more different. Dami’s head turned almost immediately, as he got to know Summer Botwe. Meanwhile, after fearing she was disrespecting Dami, Indiyah finally got to know Deji Adeniyi. The brutal recoupling on Thursday saw Dami recouple with Summer, before Indiyah walked back in with Deji – and you could cut the tension with a knife. Dami told host Laura Whitmore: ‘I like Indiyah a lot, I feel we have a genuine connection. ‘But I found a connection that bears fruit, basically what I am trying to say is that summer is not over, it has just started.’ After Indiyah came into the villa holding new boy Deji’s hand, she said: ‘Everything happens for a reason. It is what it is,’ with Dami retorting: ‘Until it isn’t. Happy for you, happy for myself.’ Indiyah said: ‘It seems it. Expect the unexpected. May the best heartbreaker win.’ With the islanders looking totally horrified, viewers weren’t prepared for the scene, which seemed straight out of a soap opera. ‘i need a minute to recover from indiyah and dami providing us with a whole ass scene from eastenders,’ one said. Another added: ‘How does Dami have the audacity to be p***ed off,’ while one more said: ‘Dami wanted indiyah to sit there and cry that he was with summer. SHE IS NOT THAT GIRL.’ Elsewhere in the dramatic recoupling, Andrew Le Page branded his former flame Tasha Ghouri ‘fake’ and accused her of ‘telling more lies than Pinocchio’. Ekin-Su and Davide Sanclimenti were brought back together, as were Luca Bish and Gemma Owen. Love Island continues Friday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Jacques O’Neill’s Casa Amor behaviour exposed to Paige Thorne by Cheyanne Kerr after viewers left disgusted MORE : ‘She tells more lies than Pinocchio’: Love Island’s Andrew Le Page brands Tasha Ghouri ‘fake’ in explosive reunion 