Waterhaul, a company that makes sunglasses from recycled ocean plastic, has launched a new collection alongside conservation organisation SeaTrees. The special edition line – titled Blue Carbon – will raise funds to help restore threatened Mangrove Forests in West Papua, Indonesia. Each pair of sunglasses sold will plant five mangrove trees in the SeaTrees restoration site in Indonesia; supporting the local communities and ecosystem, as well as the global Blue Carbon initiative. Mangrove trees, along with sea grass and other marine habitats, are particularly important for removing carbon dioxide from the earth’s atmosphere. These Mangrove forests can capture up to 10 times more carbon dioxide per hectare than terrestrial forests, and 80% of commercial fish catches globally are directly or indirectly dependant on mangroves. The plants act as a natural defence from storm surges and rising sea levels too – which is why it’s so important to protect them. As for the eyewear itself, they’re both stylish and eco-friendly. Waterhaul’s limited-edition sunglasses have been made from 100% reclaimed fishing nets from Cornwall, and feature an (exclusive to this range) blue and grey colourway representing the Blue Carbon initiative. They’re available in two unisex frame styles; Crantock and Kynance. The Crantock is best for those with medium sized faces, while the Kynance is slightly smaller. Lenses are crafted by Barberini, and are polarised with saltwater-resistant and scratch-resistant components so they’re suitable for coastal adventuring. Every pair of Waterhauls, priced at £75, comes with a free sustainable cork tri-folding protective case included, and the brand will recycle or repair broken ones to ensure none ever go to landfill. Harry Dennis from Waterhaul said: ‘The Blue Carbon range is a limited-edition collection, and once they’re gone, they’re gone. ‘Unfortunately, the same applies to mangroves – once destroyed, the entire coastline changes and reverting back to a mangrove system becomes extremely unlikely – which is why the work SeaTrees do to prevent habitat loss is so important.’ View and purchase the Waterhaul Blue Carbon collection here. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How do you know when you’re in love, not just infatuated? Five signs to spot MORE : Beat the heat at night with this mattress that keeps you cool – on sale with up to 45% off