Sajid Javid has dropped out the leadership race to become the new leader of the Conservative party. The former health secretary’s resignation – which came within hours of Rishi Sunak last Tuesday- led to a domino effect of departures. Ultimately, their resignations led to the eventual demise of Boris Johnson as prime minister. The final shortlist for the Tory party’s leadership has been confirmed this evening. Kemi Badenoch, Suella Braverman, Jeremy Hunt, Penny Mordaunt, Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat and Nadhim Zahawi remain in the fight to become Mr Johnson’s replacement. Sir Graham Brady, the chair of the 1922 Committee, announced the final list mere minutes after Mr Javid confirmed he would no longer be in the running. The 52-year-old said the Tory party ‘must now look outwards, not inwards’ in order to win the next election. ‘Serving in government is a true privilege,’ Mr Javid said in a statement this afternoon. ‘It has been just seven days since I took the difficult decision to resign from the most important job I have ever had, as Health Secretary during a pandemic. ‘Since then, I have set out the values and policies I think are right for the future of our great country. I believe the party must now look outwards, not inwards, if we are to win again. ‘There is an abundance of both ideas and talent in our party. One of the candidates will be given the honour of becoming prime minister. ‘I look forward to seeing the debate unfold and to see colleagues working together as a united Conservative Party once the leadership election is concluded.’ Tory backbencher Rehman Chishti has also confirmed this evening he had dropped out of the race to replace Mr Johnson. The hopeful said having ‘few recourses’ had made it difficult for his ‘bottom-up’ campaign to gain momentum. Mr Chishti confirmed on Twitter he was quitting the race, and wished the other candidates luck in the ballot tomorrow. Earlier today, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps also announced that he was abandoning his bid to become prime minister. He stated he would be supporting Mr Sunak, the former chancellor, moving forward. Mr Schapps claimed the former chancellor had ‘competence and experience’ to fit the role. His comments were echoed by deputy prime minister Dominic Raab. ‘I know that Rishi has got what it takes,’ he said. ‘He’s got what it takes to provide the leadership that we need to steer the country through tough economic times.’ Meanwhile, Nadine Dorries has announced her support for Liz Truss after rumours had surfaced that she herself might join the crowded race to replace Mr Johnson. In an interview with Dan Wootton on GB News, she admitted she had considered making a leadership bid to continue her boss’s ‘legacy’. She said: ‘To be absolutely clear, I have no personal ambition whatsoever. But for me, the most important thing is that we continue what 14 million people voted for. ‘We continue that manifesto and that legacy. I’m very keen that people don’t trash the legacy of the last three years.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.