Love Island’s Andrew Le Page reached breaking point over his romance with Tasha Ghouri, with the islander breaking down in tears. Andrew was coupled up with Tasha from day one but the boys expressed fears that she didn’t like him as much as he liked her. When he left for Casa Amor, the new girls expressed the same concern, as Andrew got to know Coco Lodge – but it’s clear Andrew still has feelings for Tasha. As he chatted to Andrew privately, Jacques O’Neill told him: ‘She treated you like a mug mate.’ In the emotional scene, Andrew said: ‘I haven’t cried over a girl in f**king years. I literally opened up to her, my fears were being with someone and not being enough, she listened to that.’ Jacques said: ‘Anyone would be lucky to have you because you’re such a respectful guy, you treat girls right.’ Andrew retorted: ‘It’s not enough for the girl I wanted.’ Sitting in the beach hut, he added: ‘Tasha was what I wanted, I felt like we were building something, obviously she didn’t mean any of it or I was just there because I was easy for her.’ While Andrew has been cracking on with, Coco, Tasha has been back in Casa Amor getting to know Billy Brown, with the pair sharing their first kiss in Wednesday’s episode. After Danica Taylor encouraged Indiyah Polack and Tasha to explore their possibilities in Casa Amor, Tasha decided to give Billy a chance after revealing she was initially ‘drawn to his banter.’ Seizing an opportunity for a kiss, Billy highlighted they have only locked lips during a challenge, however, Billy picked up Tasha’s hint and leaned in. ‘He did go in for a kiss,’ she said in the Beach Hut. ‘Very interesting, I don’t know where my head is at, I’m not going to lie.’ Meanwhile, Thursday night’s episode will see the islanders decide if they want to stick with their partner or recouple, before coming back together again. Love Island continues Thursday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers call out Jacques O’Neill’s ‘disgusting’ behaviour after Mollie Salmon and Cheyanne Kerr drama MORE : What it’s really like to be in Love Island’s Casa Amor – from social media being vetted to producer-prompted conversations 