The beginning of the summer holidays is always a time for people to jet off to sunnier climes – but unfortunately for some things have proven challenging this year Scenes from Manchester Airport this morning have shown the dreaded queues building up again following weeks of chaos earlier in the season – with reports of lines snaking back to the car park. There have been similar scenes pictures at Heathrow Airport in London and Stansted Airport in Essex over the past few days. If you’re planning to jet off somewhere in the coming days or weeks you might naturally be keen to avoid any chaos – but just how early should you arrive for your flight, in the event that you may have to queue to check in? Here’s what you need to know… The general advice is to arrive around two to three hours before your flight is due to take off – although it varies from one airport to another, depending on where you’re going. Heathrow’s current advice is to arrive three hours in advance for both European and long-haul flights, while Gatwick suggests three hours for European and international flights – but only two hours if you are flying within the UK or Ireland. Stansted recommend you should arrive at least two hours before departure, but adds that you should follow your airline’s guidance on this – while Manchester Airport offers the same advice of at least two hours. Luton Airport, meanwhile, suggests a check-in time of two to three hours prior to your flight. Bristol Airport also recommends you should be there at least two hours before you are due to take off. If the airport you are due to fly from is not listed you should visit their website to see what their advice is. It’s also worth checking with the airline you are flying with – as they may have their own separate policies on check-in times. In the event that your flight is cancelled, you should be contacted directly by your airline to confirm this. This will either be by the email you provided when booking the flight, or you may receive communication via phone. When contacted, you should be told what options are available for you – such as rebooking on another flight or requesting a refund. MORE : Flight caps at Heathrow Airport could last until after October half term Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below