Kate Ferdinand has shared the devastating news that she has lost her second unborn child with husband Rio Ferdinand. The former Towie star revealed their loss on Instagram, posting a black-and-white photo from her hospital room. Alongside the upload, the 31-year-old wrote: ‘The last time I was in this hospital I was having Cree, but this time it was because our baby had no heartbeat in our 12 week scan and I had to have surgery.‘We were so excited & planning a space for our new baby in our family, we just couldn’t wait to share our news with you all, but unfortunately sometimes life just doesn’t go as we plan.‘So much to say, but somehow I can’t find the words. Absolutely devastated & heartbroken. ‘But couldn’t be more grateful for the hugs I got from my big(er) babies coming through the door when we arrived home.’ Kate’s former Towie co-stars were among those sharing their support in the comments below. Chloe Lewis posted: ‘Sending my love to you.’ Georgia Kousoulou simply replied: ‘So sorry Kate.’ Amber Dowding wrote: ‘So so sorry my lovely. Thinking of you all! Lots of love xxx.’ Sam Faiers ageed: ‘This is heartbreaking. Sending you lots of love and strength x x.’ As Danielle Armstrong added: ‘So sorry for you all my darling. Sending you lots of love. xxxx.’ Kate and Rio first started dating at the beginning of 2017 and made their romance Instagram official in summer of that year. The former Manchester United footballer got down on one knee the following year, while on holiday in Abu Dhabi with his children. They eventually tied the knot in September, 2019, and welcomed their first child together – son Cree – in December, 2020. ‘After having an emergency c-section, and a bit of a traumatic birth I’ve been completely wiped out,’ the former reality star shared on Instagram after giving birth. ‘The happiness has been overwhelming but so have the tears and emotions, I’ve felt like I can’t do what I’m meant to be doing with Cree as I haven’t been able to change or feed him consistently which has had me feeling all types of guilt, for Cree, Rio & that I can’t be doing what I normally do for the kids. ‘It’s a whirlwind I just wasn’t expecting … but at the same time the most perfect whirlwind.’ Rio is also dad to Lorenz, Tate and Tia from his first marriage to late wife Rebecca Ellison, who died of breast cancer in 2015. MORE : Daniel Kaluuya forced to overcome his PTSD for Jordan Peele’s new horror Nope MORE : TalkTV’s Kate McCann ’embarrassed and bruised’ after fainting during Tory leadership debate 