Rishi Sunak will face off against Liz Truss in the battle to be Britain’s next prime minister. Around 180,000 Tory members will now decide which of the two candidates will lead Britain, after Conservative MPs voted out Penny Mordaunt in the final round of voting this afternoon. MORE : When will we find out who will be the next PM? Sunak comfortably won the contest with 137 votes – up by 19 on yesterday – followed by Truss on 113 – up by 27 on yesterday – with Mordaunt being eliminated with 105 – up by 13 on  yesterday. The trio were fighting for the votes of former equalities minister Kemi Badenoch, who was knocked out with 59 votes last night. She, like Truss, was seen as being favoured by MPs on the right of the party. The result makes foreign secretary Truss the favourite to replace Boris Johnson after the winner is announced on September 5. That is because polling of Tory members – albeit with small samples – has repeatedly shown former chancellor Sunak losing to any of his rivals. Accurately predicting who the Tory membership favours is hard to judge because of the low levels of participation in existing polling. But a YouGov survey of 725 party members over Monday and Tuesday suggests Mr Sunak would lose to Ms Truss by 54 to 35, excluding don’t knows. Bookmakers have made Ms Truss the favourite to win the contest, with William Hill putting the southwest Norfolk MP on odds 4/7 to win with Mr Sunak on 6/4. Mr Sunak will hope that slick performances in a roughly 5-week period of hustings and other events can persuade members to back him. A BBC debate between the pair will take place on Monday. Earlier, a spokeswoman for the Ms Truss’ campaign said: ‘Now is the time for the party to unite behind a candidate who will govern in a Conservative way and who has shown she can deliver time and again.’ Mr Sunak’s team has focused on polls showing that he could beat Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and ‘is the candidate the public think would make the best PM’. Following this afternoon’s result his team were confident, the former chancellor could seize victory, pointing to his ‘very strong’ lead over Ms Truss in the final vote. Speaking to reporters outside the committee room in Westminster where the results were read out, they said: ‘It’s a very strong lead over the second-placed candidate, Liz. ‘I think we’re content with that.’ They said accusations that Mr Sunak’s team had encouraged supporters to vote tactically to ensure a run-off with Ms Truss were ‘absolutely not true’. ‘Everybody who wanted to see Rishi through voted for him, there was a significant rise in our vote compared with yesterday,’ they said. There will be a ‘robust policy debate’ going forward, with candidates speaking about their capabilities ‘in a positive way’, they added. Ahead of this afternoon’s contest, there had been widespread rumours of votes being ‘lent’ by his campaign, to engineer a contest against his favoured candidate. Reports also suggested a ‘stop Liz’ campaign was underway, amid fears that Mr Sunak and Ms Truss could exchange ‘blue-on-blue’ insults all summer, which would badly damage the Conservative Party. The campaign was branded the ‘dirtiest ever’ by veteran Tory David Davis earlier today. Senior Conservative Tobias Ellwood, a Mordaunt backer, had seen the whip removed after failing to attend a key vote – even as 11 other colleagues who also missed it did not get the same treatment. But this afternoon he had the whip temporarily restored to allow him to vote in the contest. Labour’s shadow health secretary Wes Streeting tweeted after the result: ‘Our next prime minister will be someone who propped up Johnson, voted for every one of his 15 tax rises, and parroted his lies. ‘After 12 years of Conservative failure they expect to more time to fail. Their time is up. Only Labour offers the fresh start that Britain needs.’ Now MPs have whittled the initial eight candidates down to just Mr Sunak and Ms Truss, the role of deciding who will replace Mr Johnson in Number 10 and who will lead the country falls to members of the Conservative party. The number of people making the important decision, which will impact millions, is surprisingly unclear. This is because Conservative party membership data has not been centralised, and the party has chosen not to tell the Electoral Commission its exact membership figures. Around 160,000 members were eligible to vote in the previous leadership election that saw Mr Johnson defeat Jeremy Hunt, but that number is expected to have increased since then. Tim Bale, professor of politics at Queen Mary University of London, suggests it could have risen to 175,000 but it is impossible to verify. What is certain is that many members will vote over the coming weeks via a postal ballot. Turnout reached 87% in the 2019 leadership contest while it was 78% in 2005. Like any British political party, Conservative members occupy a demographic niche that is far from representative of the wider UK population. They are more male Tory party members than women with 40% over the age of 65. Around 95% of identify as white British, while the vast majority are so-called ABC1s – those who are better off and in higher-salaried jobs. Tory members are also twice as likely to live in the south of England compared with the population of Britain as a whole. The result of the postal vote will be revealed on Monday, September 5. The successful winner will then have two days to prepare for their first PMQ’s – and their first showdown with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, on Wednesday, September 7. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Kemi Badenoch would beat all three Tory leadership rivals, says snap poll