Any cleaning enthusiast worth their salt has a mop they swear by. However, even the best tools have their issues, and sometimes it can feel like you’re merely spreading dirty water around after your first rinse. The Vileda Turbo Smart Spin Mop is an ingenious solution to cleaning your floors, with a flat mop head that can be wrung out using a foot pedal on the bucket. When you’re wringing out dirt, then dipping your mop back into that same water, it makes your efforts less effective – but there is a solution. Samina Iltaf shared her mopping hack on TikTok, showing how she keeps her floors sparkling without any extra elbow grease. ‘Instead of mixing the mop in the dirty water, I used a small bucket filled with clean water,’ said Samina, adding, ‘It’s less dirty that’s for sure.’ In the video, Samina places a plastic waste basket filled with boiling water and floor cleaner into the original mop bucket. When each section of your floor is clean, the mop is wrung out before a preliminary dip to rinse and another spin. You can do this as many times as you wish. This should keep your clean water bucket extra clean, and ensure you’re not mopping your floors with a dirty mop head (thereby negating your hard work). Samina’s followers were big fans of the hack, with one commenter saying: ‘So simple, why have I never thought of this. Will be doing this from now on, off I go to clean my floors.’ ‘This literally BLEW MY MIND,’ said another, while one more person wrote: ‘I’ve always been irritated by the mixing of clean and unclean water, this is genius!’ It’s worth noting that unless you change the water after every rinse, there may still be some dirt that gets into your ‘clean’ water bucket. But as Samina’s results show, it can make a big improvement. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple who thought they lost their dog find him trapped in a rabbit hole in their garden MORE : How to have a wedding day that’s actually relaxing and fun