The Bennifer saga has reached a happy ending (hopefully) as Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez finally tied the knot. The pair, who rekindled their romance last year after separating in 2004, shared images and photos of their nuptials, with the celerity couple becoming the latest Hollywood pair to exchange their vows in Las Vegas. Jennifer, 52 and Ben, 49 got married at Sin City’s Little White Chapel, home to the famous drive-through ‘tunnel of love’. To mark the occasion let’s take a look back at some of the other celebs who have taken the trip to bright lights of Vegas to head down the aisle… Hollywood superstar Nicolas Cage is no stranger to a Las Vegas wedding,. In 2019, the Leaving Las Vegas star married Erika Koike in Sin City, but filed for annulment four days later. But the actor, 58, soon returned in February 21 to marry his girlfriend Riko Shibata, 27, at an intimate ceremony at the Wynn Hotel. The wedding was held on February 16 to honour the birthday of the groom’s late father’, according to Cage’s rep. The Stranger Things star and Smile singer tied the note in Vegas in September 2020. David Harbour and Lily Allen enjoyed a low-key ceremony – officiated by an Elvis Presley impersonator, naturally – before going on to enjoy a meal at In-N-Out burger. Harbour described the ceremony on his Instagram: ‘In a wedding officiated by the king himself, the people’s princess wed her devoted, low born, but kind credit card holder in a beautiful ceremony lit by the ashen skies courtesy of a burning state miles away in the midst of a global pandemic.’ Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas tied the knot in 2019 in a secret ceremony. The couple stunned us all by leaving the Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas’s MGM Grand – where they also went to the Little White Wedding Chapel to make it official. In front of family and friends including Priyanka Chopra, Diplo and Dan + Shay, Joe, 29, and Sophie, 23, had their ceremony officiated by an Elvis impersonator, and swapped ring pops as wedding rings. After tying the knot, Sophie and Joe took their wedding pictures on the bonnet of a pink Cadillac – pretty darn cool. This surprise wedding sees the Jonases join a long list of celebrities who have raced to the aisle in Sin City. Some marriages lasted just days, some years – but let’s hope Joe and Sophie last a bit longer. One of the most infamous Vegas weddings – on January 2004, Britney, then 23, married her childhood friend Jason Alexander in the wee hours at the Little White Wedding Chapel. Jason told ABC that his childhood pal called him and asked him to come party in Vegas, with Jason flying out via private jet. He said: ‘She just came out and asked me.She was like, ‘Well, let’s get married.’ And I was like, “Sure. You know, let’s do this.” ‘I went with my feelings. I was in love with her. … I feel like she felt the same way.’ Apparently, both parties were drinking, and Britney was a bride in a white baseball cap and a crop top. The wedding made headlines worldwide, but the marriage was annulled just 55 hours later, as Britney ‘lacked understanding of her actions’. Angelina and Billy Bob had been dating for two months when they got married in Las Vegas on May 5, 2000. Ange wore a grey vest and jeans for her nuptials, while Billy Bob wore a trucker cap and a shirt – but Angelina did have a bouquet. Sadly, three years later, and just months after adopting a child together, they called it quits. Billy Bob last year sung Angelina’s praises, telling the HFPA In Conversation podcast: ‘I look at that time as a great time. ‘Angie is still a friend of mine and she’s a great person and she’s done so much.’ In November 1998, Carmen and Dennis tied the knot at the Little Chapel Of The Flowers – a wedding that came after Carmen had suffered a number of traumas, including her mum and sister dying within two weeks of each other. Nine days after the wedding, Rodman filed for annulment, claiming he was ‘of unsound mind’ at the time of the nuptials. They later got back together, but split for good in 1999. Carmen later explained: ‘It’s easy to get caught up in a moment. You think it’s romantic, but then you realize, God, we did it in Vegas? It’s like getting a cheeseburger at a fast-food restaurant.’ She also admitted that she married Dennis because she was ‘numb’ from the deaths of her mum and sister, telling Glamour: ‘Right after my mom and sister died, I flew to Las Vegas and Dennis and I got married. I guess I was trying to cling to whatever I had. I’d lost my mom and my sister; I didn’t want to lose anyone else.’ Two of the 80s most beautiful people (and 90s, and noughties, and tens) were together for three years when they walked down the aisle in Vegas. In December 1991, Gere had a night off from filming Mr Jones, when he, Cindy and a group of friends boarded a private jet and went to Sin City. The couple married at The Church Of The West, and exchanged rings made out of tin foil; Cindy chose to wear a navy Armani suit rather than a gown. Writing in Becoming, the model explained: ‘After work one day Richard had proposed marriage, and we flew to Vegas that night for a quickie wedding with a few friends. While there is some charm to getting married at The Little Chapel of the West and then going to Denny’s afterward for some celebratory pancakes, I never quite felt that I was really married. ‘I remember the next day being at a car wash in L.A. and hearing the radio DJ announcing my wedding and congratulating us – it was surreal.’ The couple split in 1995, and three years later, Cindy had the white wedding she dreamed of when she married Rande Gerber on the beach, wearing John Galliano. On November 21 1987, Demi Moore and Bruce Willis got married at the Little White Wedding Chapel, and celebrated at the Golden Nugget Hotel. Possibly one of the most enduring Vegas marriages, the couple went on to have three daughters together, before splitting in 1998 and divorcing in 2000. However, the exes are still on remarkably friendly terms – Bruce was in attendance at Demi’s wedding to Ashton Kutcher, while Demi watched as Bruce renewed his vows with Emma Heming. A Vegas wedding for the YouTube age. In 2016, Shia and Mia got married at the Viva Las Vegas wedding chapel. TMZ were there for the whole thing, and spoke to Mia before the wedding – the actress, sitting in a pink Cadillac next to a Hawaiian Elvis, said: ‘It’s the perfect story for us.’ Mia wore a crocheted white dress and a veil for the ceremony, with Shia dressed in a suit, and they opted for the Blue Hawaii wedding package which included an Elvis officiant, a hula dancer, a round-trip limo rise, matching flowers and 10 photos from the ceremony for $700. The wedding was live streamed on Viva Las Vegas’s website – something Shia had initially said no to, but admitted that he was later happy about as their parents could see the ceremony. Two years later, the couple filed for divorce, but now appear to be back in a relationship , with the couple welcoming their first child together in March 2022. Black Mirror writer Charlie and Blue Peter’s Konnie got engaged after nine months of dating, and went on to tie the knot on July 26 2010 at the Little White Wedding Chapel. However, unlike most celeb weddings that take place in Sin City, these two are going strong. The couple have two sons together, and are still happily married nearly 12 years later. Judy Garland and Mark Herron (divorced after four years) Frank Sinatra and Mia Farrow (divorced after two years) Joan Collins and Peter Holm (divorced after two years) Pamela Anderson and Rick Salomon (split after two months) Eva Longoria and Tyler Christopher (split after two years) Michael Jordan and Juanita Vanoy (divorced after 17 years) Christina Milian and The Dream (separated after three months) MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck’s relationship timeline after stars get married in Las Vegas MORE : J-Lo no more as Jennifer Lopez changes name after ‘marrying’ Ben Affleck in Las Vegas 