A group of Australian rugby league players have threatened not to turn up for work because they were asked to wear a rainbow on their tops for just one match. Manly Warringah Sea Eagles unveiled their pride strip yesterday, saying it showed support for ‘inclusivity and diversity’. But club bosses had to hold a crisis meeting hours later when some players used ‘religious and cultural grounds’ to refuse to wear it. They complained that they hadn’t been consulted before the decision was made, and now the dispute has escalated into a national row. Manly coach Des Hasler said today: ‘The players will not play on Thursday and we accept their decision. ‘These young men are strong in their beliefs and convictions and we will give them the space and support they require. ‘The playing group are solid and understanding of each other’s views. As a club we will wear the jersey on Thursday night.’ The boycotting players have been named locally as Josh Aloiai, Jason Saab, Christian Tuipulotu, Josh Schuster, Haumole Olakau’atu, Tolutau Koula and Toafofoa Sipley. Manly, who currently are ninth in the NRL table are playing the Sydney Roosters, who are level on points and one place above them. It’s one of six games remaining in the season, and the top eight teams will advance to the league playoffs, so there is a lot riding on the Sea Eagle’s performance. Hasler added: ‘Our intent was to be caring towards all diverse groups who face inclusion issues daily. ‘Sadly this poor management has caused significant confusion, discomfort and pain for many people, in particular those groups whose human rights we are in fact attempting to support. ‘We wish to apologise to the LGBTQ community who embrace the rainbow colours, who use these colours for pride and advocacy and human rights issues.’ The one-off jersey design was made just for Thursday night’s game, and was hailed by club bosses as being the ‘first of its kind’. But Paul Gallen, a veteran of the sport, criticised the club for ‘overshadowing’ Women in League week with the strip. He added: ‘I think everyone accepts that there are different people in life, people have different beliefs. ‘I don’t know why they wanted to promote this, to be honest … I don’t think it’s the right thing to do.’ Australian Prime Minister Antony Albanese supported club bosses, saying ‘it’s a good thing that sport is more inclusive’ and that Australians should ‘respect everyone for who they are’. Australian Rugby League Commission chairman Peter V’landys said he understood the players’ choices, based on religious and cultural differences, but pushed for inclusion and acceptance in the sport. ‘One thing I take pride in with rugby league is we treat everyone the same,’ Mr V’landys said. ‘It doesn’t matter your colour, sexual orientation or race. We’re all equal. We’ll never take a backward step in having our sport inclusive. But at the same time we will not disrespect our players’ freedoms.’ The club’s owner, Scott Penn, refused to back down over the strip, saying: ‘It was never just about pride. It was about saying we want everyone in the game and making them feel they can get involved. ‘We’re not going to force them to play, but we’re committed to the jersey and we’re committed to inclusion. We’re not walking away from our position.’ Former Manly forward Ian Roberts, who in the 1990s was the first high-profile rugby league player to come out as gay, said he was not surprised by the players’ decision. ‘It hasn’t totally shocked me like it’s shocking everyone else,’ he told the Sydney Morning Herald. ‘As an older gay man I’m used to this. I expected there would be some sort of religious pushback.’ The jersey boycott dominated coverage of the NRL after it was reported late on Monday by Sydney’s Daily Telegraph, with criticism both for the boycott and for the club’s lack of consultation with players. The newspaper said players were not aware they would be expected to wear the jersey until after it was shown to the media. NRL rules would not allow the seven players to wear an alternate jersey without the rainbow messaging because match regulations require all players in a team to wear an identical strip. The pride jerseys were a hit with fans, with local media reporting the club had sold out of initial stock of all men’s and women’s sizes. Players in other sports previously have refused to wear jerseys with advertising or messages which conflict with their beliefs. In 2016, cricketer Fawad Ahmed was allowed to play in a jersey which did not carry the logo of the Australian team’s beer sponsor because of his objection to alcohol for religious reasons. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 