Cheryl has revealed she’s still in shock over Sarah Harding’s death and ‘can’t quite believe it’s real’. The 39-year-old singer reunited with her Girls Aloud bandmates, Nadine Coyle, Nicola Roberts and Kimberley Walsh, to take part in a Race For Life event which aimed to raise money for charity Cancer Research UK in Harding’s memory. Harding died at the age of 39 in September 2021 following a highly-publicised battle with breast cancer. Nicola, Nadine and Cheryl took part in the race at London’s Hyde Park, while Kimberley ran remotely as she was unable to make it down to the capital. During the event, Cheryl opened up about how she has coped with Harding’s death over the past year, and admitted: ‘To be honest, I’ve never experienced or anticipated this grief. ‘You know, I’ve lost grandparents when I was younger and I lost a friend when I was younger but nothing like this, the feeling of shock and disbelief and it still lingers now to be honest. I still can’t quite believe it’s real.’ She added to PA when asked if a Girls Aloud reunion without Harding could be a possibility: ‘It hasn’t even been a year. It doesn’t feel like she’s gone at all.’ After completing the 5k race, Cheryl and Nicola, 36, took a well-deserved seat under a tent to catch their breath and give their feet a rest. ‘Cheryl’s covered in blisters,’ Nicola revealed to her Instagram followers after starting a live. The two were then joined on the stream by Kimberley, who had embarked on the run elsewhere with husband Justin Scott and a group of friends and completed it in 40 minutes. ‘How do you two look like that?’ a ‘drenched’ Kimberley then wondered as Cheryl and Nicola sat poised and collected. Cheryl then informed her bandmate who asked how it all went in Hyde Park: ‘We chatted to everyone and everyone showed up, honestly, all the ones that showed up to every show, that whole crew are here.’ Nicole wiped sweat from her brow and admitted: ‘The heat here is unbelievable,’ to which Cheryl added to Kimberley: ‘We missed you though.’ The girls added that Nadine was still ‘strolling at the back’ of the race after deciding to take her time, prompting Kimberley to joke that the Irish singer has probably stopped for a cup of tea. The band’s fundraising efforts are to set to conclude with a large gala dinner later in the year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Girls Aloud’s Cheryl, Kimberley Walsh, Nicola Roberts and Nadine Coyle praise fans’ ‘amazing energy’ as they kick off Sarah Harding Race For Life in London MORE : Naked and Afraid star Melanie Rauscher dies aged 35 under ‘mysterious circumstances’ 