The Queen was allegedly overheard saying ‘thank goodness Meghan is not coming’ to her husband’s funeral, according to a new book. Sources claimed she was relieved that the Duchess of Sussex, then seven months pregnant, would not be attending Prince Philip’s funeral on April 17 last year. Biographer Tom Bower’s latest book ‘Revenge: Meghan, Harry And The War Between The Windsors’ is being serialised in the Times and Sunday Times, and includes the controversial claims. An extract today quotes unnamed sources to state: “‘Thank goodness Meghan is not coming,’ the monarch said in a clear voice to her trusted aides.” Buckingham Palace, which does not comment on individual books, declined to comment on the story. However, sources close to the Queen questioned whether she would have anything other than Philip on her mind on the day of the funeral. Last year, it was reported that Meghan told friends one of the reasons she was not attending was because she ‘doesn’t want to be the centre of attention’. A source told Mail Online: ‘She said the Queen understands her absence and would want her to stay safe and healthy for the baby. ‘Meghan said this is the opportune time for Henry to mend his relationship with his brother and his dad. She doesn’t need to be there for that.’ Mr Bower also claims in his book that the Duke of Sussex and Meghan made a ‘demand to appear with the Queen on Buckingham Palace’s balcony’ during the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations last month. The book alleges that the Prince of Wales opposed this arrangement. Clarence House also declined to comment on the book. Mr Bower writes: ‘Festering was their (Harry’s and Meghan’s) fury that the palace had refused all of their demands for a prominent role at the Jubilee.’ He speculates that: ‘In Meghan’s view those optics were unsatisfactory, partly because her value to Netflix was to stand near the Queen.’ Harry and Meghan did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Mr Bower’s previous unauthorised biographies have featured Boris Johnson, Jeremy Corbyn, Charles, Tony Blair and Richard Branson, among others. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.