A 78-year-old grandfather has become the first of six victims of a gunman who opened fire at a US Independence Day parade to be publicly named. Nicolas Toledo, of Mexican origin, was visiting family in Highland Park, Illinois, when they came to watch the procession on Monday. Gunshots rang out minutes after the parade kicked off, with witnesses reporting that the shooter was firing from the roof of a nearby business. Mr Toledo was killed in front of his own relatives, according to his granddaughter, Kimberly Rangel. She told CBS Chicago after the tragedy: ‘We are all feeling pretty numb. We’re all pretty broken inside.’ A second victim has been named by ABC News as Jacki Sundheim, who worked at a local synagogue. In a statement, her colleagues at North Shore Congregation Israel said Jacki was a ‘beloved’ member of the congregation who previously worked as a nursery schoolteacher. The synagogue added: ‘There are no words sufficient to express the depth of our grief for Jacki’s death and sympathy for her family and loved ones.’ Mr Toledo’s grandson, David Toledo, added in a statement to ABC News: ‘My grandpa was a funny man. He’d always joke around and be playful with his grandkids. ‘He arrived [at] the U.S. in the ’80s and worked around the Highland Park area for many years. He spent his last days swimming and fishing and being among family. Dozens of people were also injured in the shooting, with six still in hospital on Tuesday morning. A rapper who had a history of uploading music videos with disturbing themes of violence was arrested in the aftermath of the tragedy. Robert E Crimo III, 22, was detained after officers spotted the car he was last known to drive. Police then publicly identified Crimo as a ‘person of interest’ and people were able to find his online accounts – although many of them have now been deactivated. One music video shows Crimo, using the moniker Awake the Rapper, on a set resembling a classroom with gunshots and manic laughter. The video for his song Toy Soldier features a stick-figure animation of a man firing a gun at people and later lying in a pool of blood after apparently being shot by police. Pictures have since surfaced of him dressed as the main character from Where’s Wally at a Donald Trump rally in 2020. Detectives have yet to share information on the suspect’s motives. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.