Paris Jackson was the very definition of stunning as she unveiled her new campaign for Kim Kardashian’s Skims swimwear. The 24-year-old, daughter of Michael Jackson, has become the latest famous face to model for the Kardashians star’s shapewear line. In new photos, the musician could be seen showing off her extensive tattoo collection while posing on a dreamy Skims monogrammed blanket, rocking a beige bikini with a matching cover-up. Another snap showed her relaxing in a white one-piece with sheer long sleeves and zip detailing down the front. Unsurprisingly, fans went wild for the shoot and flooded the Skims Instagram comments section with praise for their new model. An impressed follower posted: ‘Unbelievable so gorgeous what a knockout ur father would be so proud of you [sic].’ ‘This is the most perfect girl,’ one enthused. Another yelled: ‘HOLY MOTHER OF JESUS, BEST PHOTOSHOOT I’VE EVER SEEN WTF @parisjackson.’ ‘Loooooove this. Happy to see Paris,’ an Instagram user cheered. As a fan simply added: ‘Miss Paris, gurrrl slay!!!’ Paris shed light on how her collaboration with family friend Kim came about in a press release, branding the shoot ‘so much fun’. ‘I’ve known Kim for a while and have always admired her style, so to be in the latest swim campaign for Skims is a full circle moment,’ she said, via People Magazine. ‘I love the brand and doing this shoot was so much fun.’ Kim is no stranger to having famous faces modeling her Skims range, and recently got a string of supermodels in on the action. The businesswoman all-but broke the internet recently when she revealed a joint campaign, packed with some of the most iconic fashionistas in the business. She enlisted the help of Heidi Klum, Tyra Banks, Candice Swanepoel and Alessandra Ambrosio to model her range, and couldn’t help joining in herself. ‘OK so I wasn’t supposed to be in this @SKIMS campaign but I stopped by and jumped in because it was too iconic,’ she said at the time. ‘Introducing Tyra, Heidi, Alessandra and Candice wearing our signature SKIMS Fits Everybody collection.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vanessa Lachey’s claim that lack of body diversity on Love Is Blind might be because contestants feel ‘insecure’ blasted by fans MORE : Jessie Wallace poses with Jaime Winstone as she films EastEnders Peggy Mitchell role 