On July 17 love and money ruler Venus moves into the security-seeking sign of Cancer. Intuitive and deep-rooted feelings about our needs and desires in these areas will surface, and you’ll feel emotional, maybe insecure, a little churned up. Don’t worry… this is just the sands of your feelings being churned by such deep-rooted needs finally emerging. Don’t get overwhelmed, tune in to the areas or insights you find yourself dwelling on. Where do you feel insecure and where can you work on that? You might also feel really mushy about your other half, and want to draw closer to them, increasing your intimacy and connection. Venus in Cancer will do that to you! All this combines to mean your relationships – and your sex life – will be supercharged. But exactly how this will manifest will vary based on your star sign, so ahead we share a tarot horoscope for each, with a tarot card drawn for each sign and its meaning for all areas of your life (including sex and relationships, but not just that bit). Read on to discover what messages might surface this Venus in Cancer season. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Venus in Cancer: Eight of Coins Meaning: You know, deep down, you can lack staying power when it comes to slogging on when you’re bored, frustrated, or tired. The Eight of Coins shows you facing this private self doubt and pushing through it this Venus in Cancer. Your relationship requires more effort and investment, and you’re prepared to dig in and give it all that it needs. It will be worth it, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Venus in Cancer: Seven of Swords Meaning: You worry about the true intentions of other people and whether you can really trust them. Taurus, do yourself a big favour and just take a little metaphorical step back. The Seven of Swords urges caution and prudence – if in doubt, don’t! Stop these anxieties by adjusting your position so that you’re not exposed or vulnerable to those you’re unsure of, and then you can just let them show you who they really are, without worrying what they could do to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Venus in Cancer: Four of Wands Meaning: You always want the genuine best of the best for those you love and like and this Venus in Cancer sees you, with the ambitious Four of Wands, investing your magic powers into other people, helping to raise them up and make them feel invincible. You’re good at pep talks, great at revealing people’s talents to them, and wonderful at giving energy and positivity to those who need it. Be a bright light and give your warmth, make a difference. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Venus in Cancer: Queen of Wands Meaning: You are the most security-craving and privately anxious sign… and yet this Venus in Cancer brings the total opposite energy. Queen of Wands is dynamic, bold and go-getting, she doesn’t need anything from anyone, she makes her own luck and her own way in life. This is you right now! Be the change you want to see, in your love life, career and financial world. Lead the way. Make things happen. You are powerful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Venus in Cancer: Nine of Cups Meaning: Whatever you want to happen in your romantic world this Venus in Cancer, know that it can. The Nine of Cups brings you a love ‘wish pass’, granting you a dream come true. Push aside your insecurities and doubts, and make it clear what (or who) you want. Go for it. Be on the front foot. When the Universe sees your objective, it will bring you luck and opportunity to make it manifest! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Venus in Cancer: Ace of Coins Meaning: You feel like you want to start over in either your work or financial world, but you’re worrying about it – better the devil you know, and all that. You are a creature of habit, good and bad ones, and you don’t like change. Virgo, address this fear. The Ace of Coins reveals this can be an evolution vs a revolution, nothing needs to transform overnight, it can be a steady process, one baby step at a time… but it has to start now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for Venus in Cancer: Seven of Cups Meaning: Get whatever is in your head right now down on paper and into the real world. The Seven of Cups shows you’re being tortured by your (made up) worst case scenarios and teased by your (actually useful) fantasies and daydreams. Don’t live in your head so much, Libra. Come and share what’s going on in there and see it all for what it is. Your dreams are worth attention, and your fears need exposure and expulsion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Venus in Cancer: Page of Wands Meaning: You’re feeling a little (only a smidge, mind) out of control, but even an inch lost to another’s will is an inch too far. The Page of Wands creates an air of panic and instability in your psyche because you like to have everything under your own hand. Scorpio, let go. This is a self-imposed, and impossible to maintain, need. You can’t wield power over everything around you. Let it be. Watch what happens. Relax into letting others take charge. It will be okay, I promise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Venus in Cancer: Eight of Wands Meaning: Be abundant, be appreciative, be celebratory and take some chances this Venus in Cancer. Throw caution to the wind and throw out a hundred new threads, invites, offers, pitches, applications, ideas and questions. Something will stick. Something will land right. The Eight of Wands is telling you to open up and play your infamously lucky hand! If you don’t ask, you don’t get. Fortune favours the bold. Be the lucky one you naturally are. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Venus in Cancer: Eight of Cups Meaning: You’re hiding a disappointment or failure and worrying that others will find out. Newsflash, Cap, the word is already out and no one cares. I don’t say that meanly or harshly, I say it like that so that you realise you’re wasting all this time and energy fretting about a loss that is already behind you. Why stick in the past? The great news is that something better, in love and/or money, is coming your way this fortnight. You’ll miss it if you stick your head in the sand, so brush yourself off and get going again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Venus in Cancer: The Chariot Meaning: You are a philosopher and a deep thinker about your life, world and purpose. Why are you here? What it’s all about? Where are you going? Great questions, Aquarius, and this Venus in Cancer sees you actually coming up with some revolutionary answers. The Chariot gifts you with a burst of conviction, validation, and ambition. You toss aside doubts and worries, and create a new life plan which you’re literally itching to activate. Power to you! Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Venus in Cancer: The Star Meaning: Your love life is on point this Venus in Cancer season and everything is turning out just right. The levels of intimacy and connection you crave are happening, and you feel appreciated, needed, and supported. Passions run high too, which is a nice little extra. Sigh, if only it could always be like this… The Star invites you to try your best because maybe it can! Happy ever after awaits. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday