Love Island viewers are totally team Indiyah Polack after she threw Dami Hope’s ‘engagement’ ring into the pool when he tried to marry her – seconds after sharing a passionate kiss with Summer Botwe. The Islanders enjoyed a game of Snog, Marry, Pie, where each guy and girl had to choose another person to, you guessed it, snog, marry, and shove a cream pie in the face of, leading to some interesting revelations. One moment that left everyone’s jaws on the floor was when Dami chose Summer – with who he shared a three-way kiss in Casa Amor – to have a steamy smooch with. Indiyah – who recently patched things up with her other half after they both recoupled in Casa – could only gasp when Dami, basically, shoved his tongue down Summer’s throat, with the rest of the girls in disbelief at how passionate their kiss was. Moments later, Dami got down on one knee in front of Indiyah to state his reasons for wanting to walk her down the aisle, but his plan quickly backfired. Instead of allowing him to place the ring onto her finger, Indiyah grabbed it out of his hand and threw it into the swimming pool, in what fans are branding an ‘iconic’ Love Island moment. ‘You think you can kiss Summer and then come marry me? I think not,’ she told him. The rest of the girls clapped and cheered, while the boys laughed, all while Dami was still kneeling down. ‘I love Indiyah, the way she threw that ring into the pool!,’ one viewer tweeted. ‘My baby Indiyah, stand your ground sis,’ wrote another. Later on in the day, Dami recruited the rest of the boys to search for the lost ring in the swimming pool, with Luca Bish fishing it out and handing it back to him – with Indiyah and him reconciling and sharing a sweet moment. As the two sat on the terrace, Dami got down on one knee once again, offering Indiyah the ring as like a ‘promise ring’, telling the beach hut with confidence: ‘She’s my girl.’ The pair basically made their romance ‘exclusive’ without the official labels of ‘boyfriend’ and ‘girlfriend’, with Indiyah telling the other girls that she’s found the ‘love’ she was searching for in the villa. Elsewhere in the challenge, Tasha Ghouri was left in tears after being pied by the likes of Luca and Dami, feeling like their reasons for doing so were ‘personal’. Danica Taylor also started crying when Casa Amor bombshell Billy Brown neither snogged nor married her during the game, despite sharing intimate moments under the covers with him just nights earlier. Poor Danica was left feeling like she wasn’t able to form a connection with anyone, and exchanged some choice words with Billy later on. Love Island continues at 9pm tomorrow night on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When does Love Island 2022 end? Final episode date revealed MORE : Luca Bish’s family ‘take comfort’ in ex-Love Islander’s messages that he is a ‘lovely, genuine friend’ amid backlash over his behaviour 