Money is tight at the moment. So, we’re all looking for ways to make our money go further – whether it’s on food shops or household bills. Petrol is another area that can make a significant dent in a bank balance – especially with prices reaching record highs over recent months. But a women on TikTok has shared a hack that could save you pounds at the pump. Content creator Ella May Houghton, who enjoys posting money-saving hacks on her social media platforms, has shared a ‘life-saving’ trick she discovered – in the hope that it will help others. She tells her followers in a video: ‘I have just found the biggest hack for saving money on petrol. ‘I can’t believe I didn’t know about this app before it’s honestly been life-changing.’ She recommends the free app PetrolPrices – which (as the name suggests) works by comparing the local petrol station prices in your area. ‘It tells you all the petrol prices of the petrol stations around you and compares them in numerical, chronological order,’ Ella explains. ‘There’s even an option to find the cheapest or nearest stations on the map.’ Users can search their local area on the app, to compare the prices of petrol, diesel and other fuels. You can even search by postcode, town or city and filter by individual brands, fuel types and sort by the cheapest stations or nearest stations to you. Users can also review petrol stations – in a bid to help others. Ella continues: ‘There have been so many times when I need a cheap petrol station and ended up going to an Esso or a Shell and spent God knows how much on petrol. ‘But not anymore! Especially in times when petrol prices are so high, it has been a game-changer. ‘I’m all about saving a bit of money because life is expensive.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts reveal the top things in your attic that could be worth a lot of money MORE : This app gives you money and discounts for just walking around MORE : Mum-of-two saves money on her food bill by foraging for ingredients