Sajid Javid caused fresh humiliation for Boris Johnson this afternoon as he  explained in detail why he no longer had faith in the embattled prime minister. The former health secretary sensationally quit alongside Chancellor Rishi Sunak yesterday, sparking a wave of resignations that has pushed the government to the brink of collapse. In a statement in the House of Commons, Mr Javid insisted he is ‘not a quitter’ but he could not stand by Mr Johnson after it emerged he appointed Chris Pincher as a deputy chief whip despite knowing about sexual misconduct allegations against him. He suggested it was the final nail in the coffin after standing by the PM during partygate and other scandals, saying: ‘Treading the tightrope between loyalty and integrity has become impossible.’ Mr Javid told MPs: ‘Despite what it might seem, I am not one of life’s quitters. ‘I did not quit when I was told that boys like me don’t do maths, I didn’t quit when old school bankers said I didn’t have the right school ties. ‘I didn’t quit when people in my community said that I should not marry the love of my life. I cared deeply about public service, and giving back to this country that has given me so much. ‘This week again, we have reason to question the truth and integrity of what we’ve all been told. And at some point we have to conclude that enough is enough. ‘I believe that point is now.’ Mr Javid said he was ‘deeply concerned’ about how the younger generation will view the Tories ‘on our current course’. He said if the ideals of ‘decency’, personal responsibility and the rule of law could not be upheld, ‘the Conservative mission to extend freedom and prosperity and opportunity is all at risk’. In apparent message to cabinet members who have stayed, Mr Javid said ‘not doing something is an active decision’. He said: ‘I have concluded that the problem starts at the top and I believe that is not going to change and that means that it is for those of us in a position who have responsibility to make that change. ‘I wish my Cabinet colleagues well and I can see they have decided to remain in the Cabinet. They will have their own reasons.’ The remark sparked laughter from the chamber, as Mr Javid continued: ‘It is a choice. I know just how difficult that choice is. But let’s be clear, not doing something is an active decision.’  The resignation statement comes after Mr Johnson faced calls to quit or hold a general election during a bruising PMQS. Labour Leader Sir Keir Starmer likened the Tory party to ‘the first recorded case of the sinking ship fleeing the rat’ and said ministers standing by the PM are a ‘Z-list cast’ who are ‘only in office because no one else is willing to debase themselves any further’. Well over a dozen junior ministers have walked away since this morning, but the PM’s cabinet just about remains intact after he drafted in a new chancellor and health secretary last night. Mr Johnson has reportedly vowed to battle on but there is a very real possibility his administration could be over within days. The collapse began when the PM finally admitted he knew about sexual misconduct claims levelled against Tory MP Chris Pincher when he gave him a senior role in government in February. The former deputy chief whip quit last week after allegedly groping two men while drunk at a private member’s club in London. No 10 initially said the prime minister had no knowledge of prior allegations made against him  – but a former civil servant cast doubt on that line in a bombshell statement saying the prime minister was informed about an investigation into Mr Pincher’s ‘inappropriate behaviour’ in 2019. The government later admitted Boris Johnson was told in person about allegations – but that he forgot about them. A humiliating apology was unable to prevent the departure of Sunak and Javid, with the two potential leadership rivals writing incendiary resignation letters. Since then at least 16 ministers and personal private secretaries have followed them out the door. Despite the slow-motion collapse of his government, Mr Johnson has reportedly told friends ‘I’m not going anywhere’. He brushed off Labour’s calls for a snap election as ‘nonsense’ and said mutinous Tories trying to oust him ‘need to calm down and stop bickering’. More and more Tory MPs are coming out this morning to say they can no longer support the PM in good conscience. No confidence letters have been coming in thick and fast, with rebel Tory MP Andrew Bridgen saying: ‘We could get 180 letters within 24 hours if that was needed to trigger a ballot.’ At the last no confidence vote in early June, 148 MPs went against him, meaning he’d won the contest by a narrow 63 votes. Under current party rules, Mr Johnson is safe from another leadership contest for at least another year, but that might be about to change. The influential 1922 Committee of backbenchers are expected to meet at 5pm this evening to discuss changing rules to allow another no confidence vote sooner. Even if that doesn’t happen, the parliamentary body is having its own elections next week, and some candidates are riding on the ticket in removing the compulsory 12-month gap. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.   