Friday’s Love Island may be over, but there’s plenty to look forward to on Sunday. The newest episode ended with a few explosive revelations, as Ekin-Su was branded a ‘liar’ by Davide (again.) Plus, Luca was fuming when a clip aired on Movie Night which saw Gemma seemingly insinuate her head could be turned by another boy, before she was seen chatting with Billy – leaving Luca feeling ‘like a mug.’ There was also a devastating double elimination which saw Coco and Josh pack their bags, not to mention tears from Tasha after she landed in the bottom three again. But as dramatic as Friday’s episode was, Sunday’s looks set to blow it all out of the water. A first look which aired at the end of the episode shows that the fall-out from Movie Night will continue, with more clips to be shown and more lies t be exposed. Sunday’s preview promises that ‘more secrets, more lies will be revealed’, with Luca again raging: ‘If she tries to play it down to me I will f***ing explode.’ Plus, Indiyah can be seen angrily remarking: ‘Don’t worry because I’ll deal with you later, it’s fine.’ Of course, viewers already know about Dami’s cheeky three-way kiss – could this be the moment Indiyah finds out? There’s also a lot more from Casa Amor that the islanders are keeping from each other – such as Davide’s kisses with Mollie and Coco. Davide may have branded Ekin-Su a liar yet again on Friday’s episode, but he was notably less annoyed than he was in their famous bust-up at the beginning of the series. Maybe because he’s waiting or his own secrets to be exposed? We’ll just have to wait and see. Love Island continues Sunday at 9pm on ITV2 Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish clashes with Billy Brown after movie night reveals his ‘flirting’ with Gemma Owen: ‘I feel like a mug’ MORE : Love Island: Davide calls Ekin-Su his ‘babygirl’ before branding her a ‘liar’ again after Movie Night drama 