A binman turned up to work in a fluorescent kilt after council bosses banned him from wearing shorts. With much of England and Wales now sizzling in the hot weather, Lee Moran was looking for a way to cool down during his rounds. When City of York Council ordered him to cover up, the 50-year-old donned the £60 hi-vis kilt he ordered specially from a supplier in Canada in protest. The dad-of-three, who works at the Hazel Court Household Waste centre as well as doing bin rounds in the city, said the ban is detrimental to his health. Temperatures in York are set to hit nearly 40°C next week, so the nylon fabric uniform Mr Moran and his colleagues are forced to wear could get uncomfortable to say the least. He said: ‘For the last five years, I’ve been asking about wearing shorts, and they’ve just slung health and safety at me left right and centre. ‘But one of the managers approached me and said, “Look, Lee, you can wear a kilt. There’s nothing about wearing a kilt.” ‘So I waited until the temperature reached over 25°C, and Monday was the perfect opportunity for it. ‘The public response has been absolutely amazing, and I’ve even had some City of York councillors ring me and message me saying, “We’re right behind you.”‘ Mr Moran, who earned a flood hero medal in 2015, said he battles with the council’s management to review their policies every summer. He came up with his creative protest after learning there was ‘nothing in the City of York Council mandate regarding wearing a kilt’. Other outdoor council employees like gardeners and highways workers are also affected by the issue. Mr Moran’s protest comes as councils in Oxfordshire and London warned the heat may also affect refuse collections this month. City of York Council are currently undertaking a review of all their operations in extreme weather but they say it is unlikely a kilt will be the right option for staff. Just recently, one of their loaders was saved from a nasty injury after a knife came through a bin bag. It was apparently only because of his protection gear that he did not suffer any wounds. Ben Grabham, head of environmental services at the authority, said: ‘We are all experiencing hot weather at the moment so can sympathise with anyone working in the direct sun. ‘The health, safety and well-being of our staff is paramount. The reason our waste collection crews wear trousers is to protect them against sharp objects that may be contained in recycling boxes or in bags. ‘We appreciate that working outdoors at this moment is very warm and we are supporting our crews who are encouraged to take regular rest breaks and wear hats and sun cream that they are provided with.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.