There are some things that just stay stylish, and a retro-inspired kitchen is one of them. Featuring pops of bold colour, diner-spec monochrome floor tiling and pastel surfaces, the mid-century kitchen is all about the kind of fun, positive, effervescent good looks that will never go out of fashion. Think Smeg standing mixers, chunky fridges, and kitschy accessories. But just because something looks old doesn’t mean it actually is, and these are all kitted out with the latest tech. Read on for our gloriously patterned and pastel picks of the best mid-century inspired appliances. With authentic Italian style and retro 1950s influences, this kettle means living la dolce vita – or enjoying a decent cup of char at least. Buy for £64.99 from Argos. Smeg brings retro style and space rocket looks to a modern juicer. And best of all, you can chuck it in the dishwasher afterwards. Buy for £149 from AO. Vintage style meets modern tech in this retro digital radio and speaker with Bluetooth connectivity – and it even works with Amazon Alexa. Buy for £229.99 from Roberts. This retro fridge freezer with a 250-litre capacity can hold up to 13 bags of food shopping. Buy for £609 from AO. Go back to the 1950s but with futuristic touches like illuminated LED controls and mid-cycle cancel functions. Buy for £22.50 (down from £31.50) from Dunelm. Worried that your carefully styled retro kitchen is going to get ruined by a clunky modern microwave? Worry no more. Buy for £70 from Dunelm. The iconic mid-century modern Ball Clock was designed by George Nelson for Vitra. Buy for £269 from The Conran Shop. With eye-catching looks, this is one mixer you won’t need to hide away in a cupboard. Buy for £449.95 from Smeg UK. This no-nonsense bread bin evokes the 1950s style… but without the rationing. Buy for £25 from John Lewis. The colours in this terrazzo-effect worktop surface come from recycled post-industrial plastics, including 30% recycled acrylic. Buy from £1,265 per sheet from Plastock. Create the diner effect with chequerboard floor tiling. Buy for £15.39 m2 from Carpetright. Bring mid-century Hollywood glam to the kitchen with this sassy shell vase, also comes in blue. Buy for £24.95 from India & Will. This quirky bar stool brings all the fun of a step-back-in-time US diner. Buy for £159.99 (down from £179.99) from Wayfair. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Cheengu blue’ decor pieces to bring calm to your home MORE : Influencer hails budget duvet covers as ‘favourite sheet set’ – prices start at just £15.99 MORE : Inside iconic interior designer’s  ‘experimental’ West London home