Scott Mills is leaving BBC Radio 1 after 24 years at the network, making the move to Radio 2. The 49-year-old, who currently helms the drivetime slot and the Official Charts Show with Chris Stark, has been part of the station since 1998. He previously appeared on the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show until 2004, before heading to the weekend afternoon slot for six months. It has now been confirmed that he will be replacing Steve Wright’s afternoon show, Steve Wright In The Afternoon, as part of a huge shake-up at the broadcaster. ‘Time actually does fly when you’re having fun, and that’s certainly been the case over the past 24 years at my beloved Radio 1,’ Scott said of the move. ‘The station I pretended to be on in my bedroom from the age of six. The station I told my mum I wanted to work at, but never in a million years thought I would. ‘There are too many people to thank from my Radio 1 journey. So to the immensely talented people I’ve worked with along the way, to our incredible listeners that have made us part of their everyday lives for so long and of course to Chris – not just my co-host, but one of my best friends in the world, which of course he will be forever. Thank you. ‘I really cannot believe I’m going to be calling Radio 2 my new home! I’m beyond excited to be joining the team and working alongside my radio idols and friends at the legendary Wogan House. ‘I would like to wish all the best to Steve, who is one of the finest broadcasters in the world and someone whom I look up to so much.’ Scott and Chris, who is also departing the show, roped Lewis Capaldi in to make their announcement. The news comes as Steve, 67, confirmed that he would be stepping down on Friday, sharing the news live on air. ‘Let me just break off for a moment to make an announcement. I’ll try not to become emotional or self-indulgent, this is going to be a little bit difficult,’ he told listeners. ‘At the end of September, I’ll be taking a break from daytime radio. In other words, stepping down from this programme. ‘At the beginning of this year, my friend and boss Helen Thomas, head of Radio 2, said she wanted to do something different in the afternoons. ‘I’ve been doing this programme for 24 years at Radio 2, and so how can I possibly complain? ‘The support and creative freedom as I’m given is fantastic at Radio 2, and really I can’t hold the slot forever. So let’s give somebody else ago.’ Lifting the lid on his upcoming projects, Steve continued: ‘The great news is onwards and upwards. ‘I’m staying at the BBC and Radio 2 to do some very exciting brand new digital projects and developing new podcasts, some of which actually will feature elements of this programme Steve Wright in the Afternoon. ‘Anyway, all will become clear in the next few months, because we’re staying on this programme until the autumn.’ ‘In addition, I’ll still be presenting Love Songs every Sunday on Radio 2, and I’ll be making seasonal special programmes also on Radio 2 and BBC Sounds and Serious Jokin’ no G will be heard on BBC sounds and Radio 2,’ he added. ‘So plenty for me to do and I’m a happy bunny, but I know when time comes in the autumn to say goodbye to this show and miss you, but trust me, you’ll be in good hands. ‘I’m going to be working at Radio 2, slightly fewer days a week and that means I can do so many other new projects as well, and perhaps at some point, have some lunch.’ The veteran broadcaster has presented Steve Wright In The Afternoon on Radio 2 since 1999, and has become a staple of the radio schedule. As well as this, he has helmed Steve Wright’s Sunday Love Songs on the network. Steve will continue to present the daytime show until September, 2022. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Machine Gun Kelly explains why he smashed a glass on his head leading to bloodied face and eye injury MORE : Slimmed-down James Argent touring UK caravan parks as he kickstarts singing career 