Welcome once again to The Sex Column – our weekly series where experts guide daters through the choppy waters of love, sex, and relationships. Last time, we helped out a woman who was struggling to trust her new partner after discovering he may have cheated on his ex. This week, we chat with someone who feels their partner no longer finds them attractive. But before we dive in, let me introduce myself. I’m the Metro’s new Sex Column expert, Laura Collins. Working for the Metro feels like a privilege and I’m really happy to have this opportunity to try to help you, the Metro readers. I did my counselling training more than 20 years ago and since then I have worked for the agony column of a national newspaper. I won’t be alone in offering my thoughts; I’ll be supported by the three wonderful experts who are already regulars to this column – counsellor and therapist Rupert Smith, clinical psychologist Dr Angharad Rudkin and author and broadcaster James McConnachie. In my personal life I’ve experienced many of the downs of life – to name but a few, divorce, bereavement and cancer – as well as dealing with endless distressing situations among my friends and family. But I’m a glass half full person – I always work on the basis that there has to be a better way, it’s just a case of finding it. I do hope you’ll entrust me and the experts with your issues, however big or small, and we’ll do our best to help you find a way through the pain. ‘I really hate myself because I can’t seem to turn my boyfriend on. ‘We’ve been together for nearly ten years and for the first three, we couldn’t get enough of each other. ‘But since we moved into our own flat, our sex life has dwindled to zero. ‘If I make the first move, he says he’s too tired; when I crack open the wine so we’re both loosened up, he pretends he’s too drunk to perform. ‘Recently I invested in some sexy underwear but when I tried to seduce him, he just laughed and said I looked ridiculous. I felt so unattractive, I wanted to cry. ‘And yet apart from the physical side, we do have a good relationship. He’s kind, helpful and we see the world from the same point of view. ‘I’m 30 now and long for a child but I can’t bring myself to leave him as our relationship seems so good in other ways.’ Please don’t hate yourself for trying different ways to interest your boyfriend in sex – it’s almost certainly not an issue with you that has caused him to lose his sexual appetite. When men lose their sex drive, it’s often a symptom of a deeper problem and might even be linked to depression or other health concerns. Does he have work or debt worries that you don’t know about? You say everything was fine until you moved in together, and the two could be linked if he secretly frets about paying the rent or mortgage. Men often set great store by their sexual prowess, so finding out what lies behind his apparent indifference is critical. Healthy communication is the key. Try to get him to open up without appearing to complain – although it’s important to be honest about how you feel too. Meanwhile, an overall health check with his GP may help. Couples counselling or sex therapy (which will be available locally – just search on the internet or ask your GP for a referral) are other avenues you may wish to explore. Finally, it’s unlikely, but he may even be questioning his sexuality or have discovered he is asexual. Don’t give up yet but if the issue can’t be resolved, and you really have tried everything, you need to ask yourself whether there is a future in this relationship. Lovely though he may be in many ways, you deserve better – and if you really want children, you may need to move on. Got a sex and dating dilemma? To get expert advice, send your problem to Laura.Collins@metro.co.uk For more sex and relationships content join Jackie Adedeji and Miranda Kane for our weekly sex positive podcast: Smut Drop. It’s a whole new world of sexpertise where no topic is off limits. MORE : Meet Maude, the Dakota Johnson backed sex toy brand that’s now in the UK MORE : ‘My girlfriend moved back in after our breakup – but I still don’t feel like I’m her first choice’ MORE : ‘I’ve been dumped twice – am I driving partners away?’