Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic sent an emotional message to Nick Kyrgios following the 2022 final and even said the duo may go to a nightclub together. Djokovic registered victory over four sets to clinch his seventh Wimbledon trophy – and fourth in a row – to take his major title count up to 21 on Sunday. It was a debut Grand Slam final for Kyrgios, with the world No.40 producing a strong performance and winning the first set on Centre Court. The pair had only met twice before this meeting, with Kyrgios wining in straight sets on both occasions. Djokovic and Kyrgios once had a frosty relationship, but the 35-year-old Serbian had nothing but love for the Australian in his post-match interview. ‘Nick, you’ll be back. Not just at Wimbledon, but in [Grand Slam] finals,’ Djokovic said. ‘I know it’s tough to find consolation words after a tough loss like this, but you showed why you deserve to be one of the best players in the world. ‘Particularly on this surface. Congratulations to your team for an amazing tournament, I wish you all the best man. ‘I really respect you a lot. I think you are a phenomenal tennis player, an amazing talent. Everything is starting to come together for you. ‘I never thought I would say so many nice things about you, considering our relationship! Okay, it’s officially a bromance.’ The duo had an agreement that the winner would buy dinner for the other player, and quizzed on when they would get together, Djokovic added: ‘That’s why he lost! ‘I don’t know if we will make it happen tonight, or another night, but I am sure this is the start of a wonderful relationship between the two of us. Asked about if he would go to a nightclub with Kyrgios afterwards, Djokovic said: ‘I didn’t respond to that because my wife was next to me! Let’s start with dinner and drinks, and then we will see.’ The Wimbledon final was packed with controversy, with one spectator ejected for a Peng Shuai protest, another thrown out for drunk heckling and Kyrgios facing jeers for a controversial underarm serve in the first set. Despite that, Kyrgios was upbeat after the loss, describing his runner-up finish as the best result of his career. It had been a controversial tournament for Kyrgios, who is facing an assault charge for an incident with his ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari which allegedly occurred in December 2021. Kyrgios has been involved in high-profile arguments with umpires, line judges, fans, journalists and fellow players during this year’s Championships. He also sparked controversy by breaking Wimbledon’s strict dress code. MORE : What does Roger Federer think about Nick Kyrgios? MORE : Novak Djokovic reveals what he inhales from 'magic' white bottle For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 