As the cost of living crisis worsens, we’re all trying hard to find ways to save a bit of cash. While learning how to budget and making cuts in the supermarket can help, old-fashioned household tricks also go a long way. From a nifty hack to prevent dinks in your car to a more efficient way to wash, these lifestyle tips can help you avoid coughing up extra pounds. Plus, there’s some good news for Netflix subscribers. Read on below for some… If you collect loose change and make use of your local Coinstar machine to turn your pennies into a voucher that you can then exchange for cash, the chances are you begrudge having to pay out for the service. Typically, you lose 10% in fees. However, you can save cash simply by taking the loose coins with you on your next trip to the supermarket. Just head to the self-service checkout and pour the change into the tray. The till will count it for you and it will be used against your purchase. Fed up with washing load after load of towels when family members grab a new one out of the airing cupboard because they don’t want to get stuck with someone else’s damp leftovers? To save money on washing powder and energy costs, just buy everyone their own colour bath towel! You’ll only need chuck them in the wash every two to three days. If you’re like me and wondered why a tennis ball was dangling from on high in your parent’s garage, here’s why. To park your car in perfect position every time, hang a tennis ball from the garage ceiling so it just touches the windscreen. It will show you precisely where to stop and prevent unnecessary prangs. It may seem illogical, but a few holes can make your bin liners last longer. Make taking out the rubbish easier, simply by drilling a few holes in your bin. When a liner fits tightly around the rim of the bin, it forms a seal. This leaves a new bag hard to fill and makes a full bag hard to remove – and can often lead to the liner tearing. But a few quarter-inch holes drilled into your rubbish bin solvesboth problems. Car insurance premiums are calculated using many factors, but personal details including postcode and job title have a major effect on how much you pay every month. Insurers use postcodes and crime stats to gauge how likely you are to be a victim of theft or vandalism, while what you do for a living can have a major impact on how you use your car. If you move house or switch jobs, therefore, you should inform your insurer as soon as possible. If you get into an accident with the wrong details on file, you’ll be paying the wrong premiums and could be turned down for a claim. Here’s your checklist: notify your insurer if you change your car, your address, your job, where you park, which drivers are covered, how you use the vehicle, or if you declare the car is off the road with a Statutory Off Road Notification (SORN). Netflix is introducing a cheaper subscription plan for its users that includes adverts. According to Moneysavingexpert.com, the ad-supported tier will be a completely new plan for users who are willing to watch commercials if it means paying less for the streaming service. Current subscribers will not automatically be moved on to the new plan – they must actively choose to take it. A cardboard wrapping paper tube makes a handy vacuum hose extender. Tape or just hold the tube on the end of the vacuum cleaner hose. You’ll be able to reach ceilings easily, as well as under furniture. Also, the cardboard is flexible, so you can flatten it to get into narrow spaces, such as alongside or under the fridge. Slugs are a recurring problem for many gardeners – no matter how much you tryto get rid of these pests, they always seem to find their way back. One of the major issues is that they can climb up the sides of plant pots and containers to reach the tasty greenery within. Using Vaseline is one of the easiest and most convenient ways to deter slugs, as a slippery layer of petroleum jelly will not let these pests develop a grip. It’s good to put a coating of Vaseline on the long stalks of your plants, too, as slugs don’t just stop at containers – the crafty little critters can also climb plant stalks, bamboo canes and plant obelisks. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : Fraudsters are targeting households on rising energy bills – this is how to spot a scam MORE : Different cost of living scams to look out for – and how to be extra careful MORE : Mum shares how she makes her own butter for 36p to save money – as supermarket prices rise