I’ve started taking mental notes of every weird thing someone says to me when I tell them my dad is dying. ‘You never know what they can do these days.’ ‘It’s probably not as bad as you think.’ ‘Hope he gets well soon!’ When he first received his diagnosis almost five years ago, I was a little more sympathetic to these optimistic well-wishers. By now, I have run out of patience. We need to get better at talking about dying. My dad’s cancer has never been the type you can cure. This was explained to us from the very beginning. The average life expectancy for people with his condition is around five years and we have been told we are coming to the end of the road. So why, even now, as our family meets with hospice workers and oncologists, are people still pushing their optimism on me? The fact is, we hate talking about dying – Brits especially. We’re an awkward bunch. We believe in stiff upper lips and ‘carrying on’. When people cry, we rush to make tea before holding them or listening to them. When I tell people my dad will not get better, people suggest home remedies and fasting, as though the best cancer experts in the UK have simply forgotten to tell us about them — as though my own knowledge of the matter has slipped right past them. As a society, we would rather have any other outcome than reality, if reality means despair. But optimism and well-wishing often end up feeling like a kick in the stomach for those of us living or dealing with a terminal illness. When people’s default reaction is to try and soften it or avoid it, we end up feeling frustrated at their lack of comprehension. While our world is falling apart spectacularly, typical advice comes along the lines of, ‘Don’t be sad. It might never happen!’ Well, I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but it’s going to happen. To you. To me. So isn’t it high time we learnt to support people in a way that actually helps, instead of making things worse? But perhaps this current moment is the catalyst for more honest conversations around death. The whole nation was enamoured by the courage and directness of Deborah James, as she communicated openly with us about the end of her life — raising over £7million for places like the Royal Marsden, where my dad also gets treatment. Selflessly, she walked us through her last days. And, in doing so, she helped normalise the very act of dying—something that will affect every single one of us and should, therefore, not be such an isolating experience. For anyone who has gone through grief, you’ll know that we rarely expect people to fix our situation. Grief cannot be fixed. It cannot be masked, dolled-up or distracted from. We have to trudge mercilessly through it, the weight of it sucking at our boots. But this is also a clear indicator of how we should discuss death and dying: we cannot stop it. We cannot avoid it. We can only help each other through it. So, rather than using throwaway statements like ‘life goes on’ and ‘everything happens for a reason’, let’s stop trying to reach for a silver lining that – for a long while – will feel non-existent to the bereaved. Instead, let’s acknowledge the immensity of grief. Let’s agree with people when they tell us that they feel like the world is ending. Let’s do practical things like relieving them of their life admin, corporate workload or social obligations. Let’s continue to be there, even after the flowers have died and the messages stop coming. Let’s not shy away from speaking about those we have lost when, often, all the bereaved want to do is remember. And, crucially, if someone is coming to the end of their life: take it seriously. Believe them. For the sake of their loved ones as well as them. Death will always be frightening to us. But that doesn’t mean we need to cover our ears and hum when it’s brought up. Or when, for people like me, it invites itself into your life. If we could just normalise speaking about the end a little bit more – whether that’s in our own kitchens or wider communities – maybe death wouldn’t feel so unknowable. Maybe, for those who are bracing themselves for its impact, we wouldn’t feel so alone. Alanna Duffield runs The Waiting Room, a creative community for those going through, or about to go through, grief. You can find her on Instagram and Twitter. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : After losing my dad, This Is Us taught me that there is no timeline to grief MORE : How grief can force you to grow up too fast MORE : My mum survived civil war, famine and grief – and she’s my personal fashion icon