Jake Paul has confirmed he has terminated the fight agreement with Tommy Fury and accused his rival of ‘hiding’. The Love Island star was denied entry to the United States last month, citing Visa issues, while attempting to travel and attend a press conference ahead of his scheduled fight  with the American. Fury was forced to pull out of the fight which was originally slated to take place last December and Paul has now ran out of patience. He wrote on Twitter: ‘Fury’s received a termination notice. MVP did everything it could to help him & team. ‘He wasn’t interested and he literally went into hiding. Second time in a row he has pulled out. ‘Second time in a row I’m going to step up and take on a new opponent on short notice. AUG 6. MSG.’ Speaking after he was denied entry to the US, Fury claimed to be devastated and protested his innocence. He said: ‘Me and my team arrived at Heathrow Airport, ready for the press conference, ready to fly out. ‘And as soon as I entered the airport I was pulled to one side and told by Homeland Security officer that my ESTA had been denied and that I wasn’t able to travel to the USA for a reason I apparently know. ‘I can stand here and say I have done nothing wrong and I have no clue why I’m not allowed to travel to the USA. ‘I’ve been training for a fight this whole time and that’s all I’ve been doing. I have no clue why I’m not allowed to travel and neither does my team or my lawyers. ‘Now I’ve got to go to the embassy trying to resolve it and I’m in the middle of training. ‘I don’t know why this is happening and it is a huge shock to me and my whole team. It’s government issues and it’s a lot bigger than the fight right now and I’m trying to get it sorted.’ Reports last week, meanwhile, claimed that Paul is close to sealing a deal to fight Hasim Rahman Jr. Hasim’s brother Sharif  tweeted that the fight was a ‘done deal’ although there has not been official confirmation from the two men themselves. Rahman Jr is the son of the former heavyweight boxer of the same name. MORE : Jake Paul insists he is moving on from Tommy Fury fight and accuses Tyson Fury of backing out of $1million bet MORE : ‘I wouldn’t take his help’ – Anthony Joshua responds to Tyson Fury’s offer to train him for Oleksandr Usyk rematch For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 