Britain is set to swelter in 31°C heat today – before extreme temperatures blast the country on Monday and Tuesday. An amber warning for hot weather is already in place for virtually all of England, from the south coast up to Hartlepool, and throughout eastern Wales. That is before a red warning – meaning there is a danger to life – comes into force for two days from tomorrow, when unprecedented highs of more than 40°C could be seen in central England. That is hotter than many parts of the Sahara Desert will be. The Met Office has forecast dry, hot weather in Wales, the Midlands, the South East and south-west England ahead of the record-breaking heat. The North West and north-east England, and Scotland, meanwhile are predicted to have a cloudier day, with some showers or rain at times. Highs of 25°C are predicted in the north west of England, while the North East and most of Scotland could see highs of 23°C. Cabinet Office Minister Kit Malthouse warned transport services face ‘significant disruption’ next week due to the heatwave and urged people not to travel. He chaired an emergency Cobra meeting on Saturday after meteorologists warned that thousands of lives could be at risk. Around 2,500 people are believed to have died as a result of heatwaves in 2020, according to experts. Public services are also expected to be badly impacted. Mr Malthouse told the BBC: ‘Obviously the transport providers are messaging people that they should only travel if they really need to on Monday and Tuesday. ‘Services are going to be significantly affected. The heat will affect rails, for example, so the trains have to run slower. There may be fewer services. People need to be on their guard for disruption. ‘If they don’t have to travel, this may be a moment to work from home.’ He said steps have been taken to ensure hospitals and ambulances that may come under pressure were prepared, while schools were being issued with guidance to enable them to remain open. Mr Malthouse added: ‘It’s important that we all continue to follow public health advice to keep cool, and take simple precautions like drinking lots of water and seeking shade, and also checking on vulnerable friends and neighbours.’ Saturday kick started the beginning of the heatwave, with Heathrow Airport and Kew Gardens, in west London, recording the highest temperature of 29.1°C. The warm weather saw increased demand for water in some parts, with South East water confirming that people in Challock and Molash, Kent, had no water due to ‘continuous hot weather and significantly increased demand for water’ – which it claimed put ‘significant pressure on our network’. A statement from the supplier said: ‘We’re continuing to work on restoring your supplies, and will continue to work on this overnight. ‘As a precaution, we’re going to open up the bottled water station at Challock Village Hall tomorrow morning, at 8am.’ Meteorologists have given an 80% chance of the mercury topping the UK’s record temperature of 38.7°C, set in Cambridge in 2019, with the current heatwave set to peak on Tuesday. Scorching temperatures are predicted for Monday, with Peterborough expected to hit 37°C and Milton Keynes, Norwich and Lincoln thought to hit 36C. Temperatures are forecast to increase by several more degrees on Tuesday – up to the mid-30s for much of England and Wales. There is a 50% chance of temperatures reaching 40°C somewhere in the UK that day, likely along the A1 corridor which runs from London to Scotland through counties including Lincolnshire, Nottinghamshire, Yorkshire and the North East. Following the Met Office’s first ever red warning for extreme heat – covering a swathe of England from London to Manchester and York on Monday and Tuesday – its chief executive Penny Endersby said people can find it hard to to know what to expect when ‘climate change has driven such unprecedented severe weather events’. ‘Here in the UK we’re used to treating a hot spell as a chance to go and play in the sun,’ she said, warning: ‘This is not that sort of weather.’ A high air pollution alert for London has also been issued for Monday. Labour, meanwhile, has criticised Prime Minister Boris Johnson after reports said he had failed to attend Cobra meetings and was planning a party instead. Britons have been scrambling to buy fans and looser clothing to help them keep cool during the heatwave. Retailer Toolstation said sales of fans have risen by 641% over the last week compared with the week before as tradespeople struggle to stay cool. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : 12 holiday destinations which are cooler than the UK in the current heatwave