Someone’s life could soon change forever, with a record EuroMillions jackpot up for grabs. A huge £191 million is available in tomorrow’s exciting draw. The pot of money has rolled over from Friday’s draw when there were no winners. Two UK punters did scoop more than £1 million by matching all five numbers and one of the two lucky stars, however. And a third Brit won a life-changing £1 million on the Millionaire Maker game. The EuroMillions jackpot on Friday, which stood at £191 million, was capped ahead of tomorrow. As excitement builds ahead of the draw, the National Lottery has revealed some of the strangest places it has handed out millions. Among them are on a building site in a half-built house with no windows, walls or doors and an Indian restaurant. However, nothing trumps one of the strangest places The National Lottery has paid out a winner – at none other than an undertakers. Camelot’s Andy Carter, senior winners’ advisor at The National Lottery said: ‘We have paid out winners in all sorts of places but the undertakers was definitely the weirdest experience! ‘I have been to where winners work, to their mum’s house and enjoyed a cup of tea with the family and even met winners in secret spots so they can keep their win quiet. ‘We’ve met winners from all different walks of life and it’s great to travel to every corner of the country and make new millionaires. Who knows where I will be heading next?’ If a winner bags the entire EuroMillions jackpot, they would immediately become the UK’s biggest-ever winner, knocking recent £184 million winners Joe and Jess Thwaite off the top spot after they scooped the record breaking jackpot only two months ago. One winner could count themselves richer than singing sensation Adele, who is worth a reported £150 million. But they would be just shy of Maggie May crooner Rod Stewart’s net worth of £215 million according to The Sunday Times Rich List 2022. The jaw-dropping jackpot would propel a single winner into racket royalty, alongside some of Wimbledon’s wealthiest. If one lucky UK player were to scoop the entire amount they would be richer than 2022 Wimbledon champion Nojak Djokovic who is reportedly worth £182 million. With a jackpot win of this size, a single winner would be able to help out their loved ones, local communities and an endless number of charities close to their heart. Research conducted by Camelot among 151 big winners (£1M+) found that more than a quarter (27%) have given away 30% or more of their winnings, 18% have gifted a fifth of their winnings, whilst 24% have handed-out at least 10% of their winnings to family, friends and charities. Players can buy and check their tickets online by downloading the National Lottery app or at national-lottery.co.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.