Calls being made to a trafficking helpline have increased after Sir Mo Farah opened up about his personal story of being trafficked into the UK as a child and made to work as a servant, a charity has revealed. In the recently-released BBC documentary The Real Mo Farah, the four-time Olympic gold medal winner recalled how he was brought into the country under another child’s name and tricked into thinking he was going to live with relatives. ‘The truth is I’m not who you think I am,’ said the 39-year-old athlete, who was born Hussein Abdi Kahin, before stating: ‘When I was four my dad was killed in the civil war, as a family we were torn apart. I was separated from my mother, and I was brought into the UK illegally under the name of another child called Mohamed Farah.’ Anti-slavery charity Unseen UK, which supports survivors of trafficking and modern slavery, has shared that they’ve received a 20% rise in calls to its helpline and a 15% increase in contact with the organisation through their website and app. Speaking to BBC News, Justine Carter, the director of the charity, said that some callers said that Sir Mo’s story influenced them to get in touch. Unseen UK said that in the week after Sir Mo sharing his story, 231 people called its Modern Slavery and Exploitation Helpline (MSEH), an increase of 39 people from the previous week. Meanwhile, 368 people contacted the charity in total through their various platforms, marking a rise of 49. Describing the surge as ‘really reassuring’, Justine said: ‘It shows us that these types of high-profile stories really do have an impact with the public, and it’s resonating with those who might have spotted something concerning or might have been in a situation that’s similar to Sir Mo’s and the story that he told to the BBC.’ The charity director added that ‘knowing that somebody else has been a victim of this type of crime’ provides victims and survivors with ‘hope that they can continue to lead an independent life’. In the BBC documentary, Sir Mo explained that he had the contact details for a relative when he arrived in the UK, but the woman he was staying with ‘took it off me and right in front of me ripped them up and put it in the bin’. ‘If I wanted food in my mouth my job was to look after those kids, shower them, cook for them, clean for them, and she said, “If you ever want to see your family again, don’t say anything. If you say anything, they will take you away,”’ he said. After opening up to his PE teacher Alan Watkinson, Sir Mo moved in with his friend’s mum Kinsi who ‘took great care’ of him, and received British citizenship when he was 17 in 2000 after Alan made the application. Earlier this month, the Metropolitan Police revealed that an investigation had been launched following Sir Mo’s revelation, with specialist officers working on the case. The Home Office previously confirmed it would not take action against Sir Mo after he revealed the information. The BBC said that the woman who brought Sir Mo to London was approached by the broadcaster to provide comment on the documentary, but has not responded. The Real Mo Farah is available to watch on BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mo Farah’s bravery is his greatest achievement after trafficking revelations MORE : ‘It was a real bombshell’ Mo Farah’s teacher reveals the moment he discovered Olympic hero had been trafficked 