Late last year, tequila fans were devastated to learn that Patrón was discontinuing its beloved XO Cafe variety. Known as Cafe Patron, the drink was a coffee-flavoured version of the brand’s Mexican spirit; a favourite for rounds of shots and cocktails alike. Bacardi was said to be scrapping the Cafe version to focus on ‘other Patrón super and ultra premium variants’, ending manufacturing until stores ran out of stock. As if it wasn’t heartbreaking enough for fans, the offshoot was a further blow. Some began purchasing the last available bottles of Cafe Patron, selling them online for extortionate prices. At present, an unopened bottle of the infused liquor will set you back at least £100 on eBay or Amazon – a whopping jump from the £25 RRP. It may still be possible to get your hands on one at quieter independent shops, and there are some alternatives you can try that may hit the spot. However, if you want to experience the Cafe Patron you miss, there is another way. The chefs at Mob Kitchen have come up with a recipe to make your own Patròn XO Cafe dupe – and it’s simpler than you might think. With just four ingredients (five if you include water), it’s as easy as it is impressive. Here’s how to add a little DIY magic to your drinks cabinet and taste your favourite tipple once more. First, cut open your vanilla pod and place it in the bottle of tequila, leaving it overnight somewhere safe. Go for Patrón if you’re after authentic flavour and packaging, but you can experiment with different brands if you fancy. Next, add the freshly ground coffee to the bottle and put in the freezer for around five or six hours to allow it to cold brew. Once it’s done, take your concoction out and strain through a coffee filter into a large jug. Then add your water and sugar to a pan and bring it to a simmer. When the sugar mixture has dissolved, add the sieved coffee tequila to the bottle along with the sugar syrup and give it a good shake – and it’s as easy as that. From there you can get pouring shots right away, as if Cafe Patron never left us at all. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why Leo season is the best time to get dating (yes, even if you’re not a Leo) MORE : 14 questions you should ask your potential employer in a job interview