A drunken Brit forced pilots to land after allegedly trying to kick out the windows of a Virgin Atlantic flight from London to LA. Pilots made an emergency landing in Salt Lake City, Utah, where cops were waiting to arrest the ‘unruly’ traveller. Eyewitnesses say the man started lashing out mid-flight and fought several passengers before being subdued by US marines. During the chaos, a mum was said to have dropped her baby, who suffered minor injuries. Passengers claimed he tried to kick out the windows of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner during yesterday’s drink-fuelled rampage. But Virgin Atlantic has dismissed previous reports that the man attempted to storm the cockpit. One onlooker said the man, who was travelling with his female partner and child, got into an ‘altercation’ about one hour into the flight from Heathrow to LAX. ‘It took a good while to get him to sit back down and resolve it. Then a few hours later it happened again and I thought to myself “This may not end well”,’ they told the Sun. The eyewitnesses says the man fell asleep, but started kicking off again and got ‘physical’ after waking up’. ‘There were a couple of US marines who piled in on him. He was sitting in the back and he got handcuffed right there,’ they added. The plane landed at Salt Lake City at around 4.30pm and only took off again around two hours later after emergency services surrounded the vehicle. Even before the plane left Britain, travellers were said to be ‘agitated’ after waiting two hours to drop their bags and the same again to get through security. ‘I was there for five hours and barely made my flight.  People were not happy, people were very agitated,’ one passenger said. A Virgin Atlantic spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Due to a disruptive passenger onboard flight VS141 operating from London Heathrow to Los Angeles on Tuesday 26 July, the aircraft diverted to Salt Lake City to be met by police authorities. ‘The safety and wellbeing of our customers and crew is always our top priority and we don’t tolerate any behaviour that compromises this. ‘We always want our customers to have the best experience when they fly with us and our cabin crew are highly trained to deal with any individuals that may impact that experience for others. ‘The flight continued to Los Angeles arriving just before 20:00 local time with an arrival delay of approximately four hours. We apologise for the inconvenience caused to customers onboard.’ Salt Lake City Police told KUTV: ‘At approximately 4:30pm, Airport Division Police were called to respond to a Virgin Atlantic flight that was diverted into SLC due to an unruly passenger onboard a Virgin Atlantic flight who had been physically detained by other passengers and flight crew members.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  