Denise Van Outen has revealed she once turned down the chance to host Strictly Come Dancing as she thought the show would be ‘too boring’. The TV star, singer and actress, 48, revealed that the late Bruce Forsyth had asked her to be his co-host when the show began in 2004, before the role went to Tess Daly, but she wasn’t keen on the concept. She revealed on The Matt Haycox Show podcast: ‘When they first came up with the idea, I was offered Strictly Come Dancing. ‘I knew Bruce Forsyth really well. And I’ve done a few shows with him. We used to sing together. He came to me and approached me to be sidekick in the new Strictly Come Dancing.’ Denise revealed that she was told that the concept would be celebrities learning ballroom dancing, with Bruce opening and closing the show with her with a song and dance number as she is also a singer. She revealed: ‘I remember sitting there and I went to him “Bruce, it sounds really boring!” So, they gave it to Tess Daly. Then it became a huge hit, and I was thinking maybe I was an idiot turning that down.’ Despite missing out on one of TV’s biggest primetime shows, Denise admitted it worked out for the best for both of them, adding: ‘But, actually, when I look back, Tess has done it so well for many years, but just kind of does that, and she’s associated with it. ‘Whereas, I went on to do Broadway, I’ve done film, I’ve done theatre in the West End – I’ve done so many other things. ‘And, I wouldn’t have had such a varied career if I’d taken it. So, actually, for me, it worked out.’ Denise explained that she needs to have variety in her career because she has ADHD and ‘gets bored very quickly’ unless she is doing different things. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Denise Van Outen on importance of allyship and Duncan James being her rock as she releases epic disco cover of From New York To L.A. MORE : Denise Van Outen’s new man Jimmy Barba was reality TV star in Italy and appeared in Tom Jones music video 