Sadiq Khan has urged for action after 71% of recent monkeypox cases were reported in London. The city’s mayor says he is ‘deeply concerned’ about the sudden rise. Between May 6 and July 11 this year, there have been 1,735 confirmed monkeypox cases in the UK. The majority, 1,229 were Londoners, according to UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) figures. This compares with only seven cases recorded in the UK between 2018 and 2021. Mr Khan has written to the recently appointed Health Secretary, Steve Barclay, urging the Government to take action. This follows calls by health charities including the National Aids Trust and the Terrence Higgins Trust for the NHS and the Department for Health and Social Care (DHSC) to combat the outbreak as soon as possible. Mr Khan said: ‘London is currently seeing the highest rate of infection and I’m deeply concerned that reported monkeypox cases have doubled in less than a week. ‘If we have learned anything from the Covid-19 pandemic, it’s that early action and coordination is vital to get ahead of the curve. ‘The Government must rapidly ensure that there’s a coordinated and resourced approach to tackle the threat faced by monkeypox now.’ Most people affected by the virus during this year’s outbreak have been men, at 99.4%, according to the UKHSA. For confirmed cases where gender information was available, 1,633 were men and only 10 women. Monkeypox is related to smallpox and cases are usually found in West and Central Africa, with the virus not often spreading elsewhere. The disease, which was first discovered in monkeys, is usually mild but can cause severe illness in some cases. Most patients experience a fever, body aches, chills and fatigue, but some may develop a rash and lesions on the face and hands that can spread to other parts of the body. The DHSC said it is urging people to look out for any new ulcers or blisters, particularly if they have had close contact with a new partner. A spokesperson for the department said: ‘The UKHSA is asking people to be alert to any new spots, ulcers or blisters on any part of their body, particularly if they’ve had close contact with a new partner. ‘If people think they have these symptoms, they should avoid close contact with others and call NHS 111 or their local sexual health centre – but are encouraged to phone ahead before attending.’ Previously, experts warned that monkeypox may be mutating at an abnormally fast rate. The virus has been replicated up to 12 times faster than expected since 2018. Dr Sophia Makki, incident director at UKHSA previously issued a warning when cases surpassed 1,000. She urged people to be alert for symptoms of monkeypox, which include a fever, headache and rash. The health expert advised: ‘If you are attending large events over the summer or having sex with new partners, be alert to any monkeypox symptoms so you can get tested rapidly and help avoid passing the infection on. ‘Currently the majority of cases have been in men who are gay, bisexual or have sex with men. However, anyone who has had close contact with an individual with symptoms is also at increased risk.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.