Brits could swelter in levels of heat never seen before across the UK next weekend. The Met Office has warned that temperatures could hit a record-breaking 43°C next Sunday. This would beat the hottest day ever, which was seen in July 2019, when temperature dials surged to 38.7C in Cambridge Botanic Garden. It comes as thousands flock to beaches and parks with temperatures already nearing 30°C this weekend. Tuesday is predicted to be one of the hottest days with some areas sizzling in 33°C conditions. Speaking to The Sun, Met Office forecaster Steven Keates warned ‘we’re in for a real rollercoaster which may take people by surprise’. ‘Next weekend we could have some really exceptional record-breaking heat and it will ramp up suddenly — like someone has turned on the gas’, he said. ‘Some models from America indicate we could see 43°C in East Anglia next Sunday, which would obliterate the current UK record. ‘At the moment we’ve got quite pleasant dry heat, but next weekend the dew point will rise and it will become very hot and sticky.’ A Level Three Heat Health Alert has been issued for next week – with people urged to think about vulnerable groups around them. Dr Agostinho Sousa, Head of Extreme Events and Health Protection at UKHSA, said: ‘We want everyone to enjoy the hot weather when it arrives, but also to check in on their vulnerable family, friends and neighbours to make sure they are prepared for the warm conditions ahead. ‘High temperatures are predicted for a prolonged period, so make sure to follow our simple health advice to beat the heat, such as covering windows exposed to direct sunlight and making sure that fridges, freezers and fans are working properly.’ Meanwhile, Sam Hughes, National Water Safety Partner at the RNLI has urged everyone to stay safe at the coast. She said: ’If you are planning on going to the beach we would encourage you to visit a lifeguarded beach and swim between the red and yellow flags. ‘If you get into trouble in the water, Float to Live: lean back, use your arms and legs to stay afloat. Control your breathing, then call for help or swim to safety. In a coastal emergency, call 999 or 112 for the Coastguard.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.