Boris Johnson has been pictured hurling a grenade and taking aim with a missile launcher during a trip to a British Army base. The outgoing prime minister visited some of the 400 Ukrainian soldiers being trained in the UK this week, as Vladimir Putin’s bloody invasion reaches its 150th day. In a video shared on his official accounts, Mr Johnson – clad in full camouflage complete with tactical headphones – can be seen mingling with troops in North Yorkshire and trying out a range of weapons. It was the PM’s second military exercise this week, coming days after he was pictured going full Top Gun in the cockpit of a Typhoon fighter jet. The footage shows Mr Johnson overseeing training exercises in a mock urban environment. He can also be seen pulling the pin from a dummy grenade and hurling it, getting to grips with a machine gun and taking aim with a rocket launcher. As the camera pans over a Ukrainian flag lying next to the Union Jack, Mr Johnson says: ‘I’ve been meeting some of the 400 Ukrainian troops who are here being trained by our forces, getting ready to go and fight in Ukraine. ‘That’s part of a huge commitment we’ve made to train Ukrainian forces. We want to train about 10,000 of them over the next four months. ‘That comes on top of the investment we’re making in supporting Ukrainians with weaponry, 6,900 anti-tank weapons, 120 armoured vehicles and much, much else besides, including now the multiple launch rocket systems that together the Americans, Germans and others we’re providing really are starting to make a difference. ‘We hope to the course of that war starting to push back Putin’s evil attack on Ukraine. ‘I know that in the end the Ukrainian people are going to succeed. I know that the Ukrainian forces are going to succeed. ‘I’m very proud of the role that the UK has been able to play so far. But in the end, this is thanks to the bravery and the heroism of these Ukrainian troops.’ Mr Johnson spoke to Volodymyr Zelensky on Friday, telling the Ukrainian president that UK support will ‘not waver’ regardless of who becomes the next prime minister. The PM also welcomed news of much-anticipated deal to get grain out of Ukraine, amid hopes that the agreement can avoid a global food crisis. In a call between the two leaders, Mr Johnson ‘stressed the UK’s ongoing determination to support the Ukrainian people and said that resolve will not waver, no matter who becomes the next UK prime minister’. A Downing Street spokeswoman said: ‘President Zelensky thanked the PM for his staunch support for Ukraine, and for his kind words in his last address to Parliament. ‘The Prime Minister outlined the recent steps the UK has taken to bolster Ukraine’s resistance, including training thousands of Ukrainian troops in the UK. ‘The UK is working to expand this training effort, including through the involvement of international partners. President Zelensky said the military support being provided by the UK and others is making a real difference in the conflict. ‘The Prime Minister welcomed today’s announcement of a UN-brokered deal to get grain out of Ukraine via the Black Sea and end Russia’s blockade. Both the Prime Minister and President Zelensky stressed the need for the deal to be implemented in full by all parties.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.