The Erik ten Hag era got off to an almost perfect start today as Manchester United made light work of rivals Liverpool with a 4-0 victory in Bangkok. All eyes were on the Dutchman before kick-off to see how the former Ajax manager would set his side up and how they’d fare against a side that Ten Hag described as ‘maybe the best team in the world’. Though the nature of the game and the below-strength side picked by Liverpool means nobody at Old Trafford should be getting carried away with the result, there was still much to learn from Ten Hag’s first game in charge and it was a good marker for how the Dutchman plans to play this season. Aside from the obvious gaps in quality, the biggest difference between United and their main rivals in recent years has been playing style. While Liverpool and Manchester City work as ferociously off the ball as with it, United maintained a deep-lying defensive line under Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer. Ralf Rangnick attempted to change that when he was appointed, selecting a 4-2-2-2 system in his first game against Crystal Palace. But the United starting XI adhered to his tactics for all of 35 minutes and it was quickly abandoned, whether by choice or the team’s inability to follow the instructions. Ten Hag’s Ajax side were well known for their pressing ability and it was clear from the offset in Bangkok that he had instructed his United side to do the same. Less than ten minutes into the match that much was evident when six United players packed Liverpool into the corner, with Raphael Varane and Victor Lindelof left one-on-one with their markers on the halfway line. The Reds actually played their way out of the situation and they nearly made United pay on a number of occasions in the first half when they naviaged through the press. But Ten Hag has only been working with the players for two weeks and it will take time for them to carry out his methods instinctively. This, for now, was a good start. It looked like we’d seen the last of Anthony Martial when he joined Sevilla on loan in January. The Frenchman made it clear that he viewed the move as an opportunity to earn a permanent move to the Spanish club but one goal in 11 appearances was not enough to convince them to sign the striker on a permanent basis. Ten Hag initially felt he had no place for Martial in his squad but Cristiano Ronaldo’s revelation that he wants to leave the club has given the Frenchman an unexpected second chance. While there’s been no doubt about Martial’s ability during his seven years at Old Trafford, there’s been huge question marks over his attitude and application. But Martial displayed an impressive hunger during his 45 minutes on the field, particularly with his work-rate out of possession. He harried Nat Phillips and Joe Gomez when they had the ball, not allowing the Liverpool centre-backs to settle in the searing heat. Martial’s fine work was rewarded when he pounced on a mistake from Phillips and he burst through on goal before lifting an effort over Alisson to put United three up. Ten Hag made ten changes at half-time, removing the likes of Jadon Sancho, Marcus Rashford and Martial for Amad Diallo, Charlie Savage and Facundo Pellistri. The Red Devils struggled to maintain the attacking momentum from the first half and they were up against it when Jurgen Klopp brought on the calvary on the hour-mark as Virgil van Dijk, Mohamed Salah and Thiago entered the stage. But after a slow start following the interval, United’s youngsters settled into their stride and they had a fourth 15 minutes from time when Eric Bailly stepped out of defence, gave the ball wide to Diallo to tee up Pellestri for a clean finish. Tyrell Malacia impressed at left-back making his debut, while Savage barely put a foot wrong in front of him. But it was youngster Zidane Iqbal that stole the show in the second half, with the Iraq international displaying a maturity beyond his 19 years as he came up against Fabinho and Thiago. The teenager recently signed a new long-term deal with United and Ten Hag will be encouraged by the way the midfielder came deep to take possession and was comfortable at bursting through midfield to set things up. Though Iqbal is likely to remain on the fringes of the first-team squad this term, it was a timely reminder from the Iraqi of his qualities – particularly as Ten Hag targets Christian Eriksen and Frenkie de Jong. MORE : ‘I haven’t seen him sprint in five years’ – Andy Cole tears into Manchester United ‘enigma’ Anthony Martial MORE : Bayern Munich winger Serge Gnabry rules out Chelsea transfer due to Arsenal link For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 