A man who allegedly spent an entire year plotting to kill his mother has been charged with her murder. Logan Lopez, 24, was arrested Saturday at an apartment complex in Clearwater, Florida, after a neighbor heard a woman screaming for help and called the police. When officers arrived around 5pm they found Mary Beth Lopez, 53, dead in the apartment, which belonged to her son, WFLA reported. ‘He told officers that he had just killed somebody and that [the victim was] inside,’ Mayor Natalia Illich-Hailey of the Clearwater Police Department said during a press conference. The 24-year-old told officers how he lured his mother into his home after plotting to put ‘an end to her’ for a year. He had reportedly asked his mother to bring him his mail, and then went up behind her and struck her with a hammer. ‘As she came inside, he closed the door, he came up behind her, and he struck her with a hammer,’ Illich-Hailey said. He then allegedly stabbed her in the neck multiple times, ultimately killing her. According to the gruesome arrest report, Logan continued to hit his mother on the right side of her head ‘for a period described as 15-20 minutes while periodically taking breaks.’ During an interview with authorities, Logan allegedly admitted to carrying out the murder, but claimed he did so because she had ‘enslaved’ him. Police did not elaborate on his claim. While Logan had no criminal history, he had been temporarily detained in February under Florida’s Baker Act. The law provides emergency mental health services and temporary detention for people who are unable to access their needs to treatment. Logan was arrested within the hour of police arriving on the scene without any issues. According to police, there’s no indication he was under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time of the attack. He was charged with first-degree murder and is being held without bond. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.