As the Casa Amor fall out continued, Love Island relationships remained on the rocks, with the episode beginning with Paige Thorne in tears, Andrew Le Page confessing he still had ‘feelings’ for Tasha Ghouri, and Indiyah Polack being irritated that Dami Hope had ignored her all night. Last night saw the reunion between the boys and girls as they returned from Casa Amor, some hand in hand with the new bombshells, leaving their partners single. While Danica Taylor and Jay Younger were both happy to have recoupled with the new islanders, others were left in tears and heartbreak. Dami and Indiyah and Tasha and Andrew all chose to recouple, while Luca Bish and Gemma Owen, and Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu shared happy reunions. Meanwhile, Paige was left heartbroken after it was revealed Jacques O’Neill had actually spent his time in Casa Amor getting to know new bombshell Cheyenne, in a moment that was pretty reflective of Millie Court, Liam Reardon and Lillie Haynes’ love triangle last year. The evening began with Paige telling Jacques that she’s ‘done with all these games,’ saying: ‘If you were gonna make your bed hun you’ve got to lie in it, you can’t have your cake and eat it.’ Accusing him of being ‘fake’ and ‘immature’, she walked away in tears. Later in the evening, Jacques finally apologised to Paige for his behaviour, telling her that she ‘deserves better.’ ‘I only want you, it’s made me realise that. From now on it’s only you and that’s it.’ However, Paige held her ground, saying: ‘You’re not ready for relationship things, you’re not where I am. You’ve got to be better.’ ‘I want to be better for you. I want to take you home to my mum, I’m sorry for it – I am. Would I ever want to be in this position again where i could potentially lose you?’, Jacques replied. In the Beach Hut, Paige continued: ”I’d love to just fall back into the playful banter that we have, but respectfully honey, you’re f***ed it.’ After recoupling with Coco yesterday, Andrew confessed to her that he still has feelings for Tasha, saying: ‘I do want to still continue to get to know you of course, but I do want to take a step back.’ Coco savagely replied: ‘So are we a friendship couple? Did you pick me for convenience?’ Later in the episode, Coco was left fuming as the next morning, she reflected on the moment with the new girls, and seemed pretty unimpressed that Andrew had changed his tune after how he had acted during Casa Amor. ‘He wouldn’t touch me, and basically said if someone comes in I should get to know them,’ she recalled. ‘Why the f*** am I here? Do you know how awkward that was in bed? ‘I felt like every time our skin would touch he would move away, compared to the first night when you were sucking my tits, are you joking?!’ she fumed. Meanwhile, on the terrace, Andrew and Tasha shared a heartfelt moment and some cuddles, with the pair admitting they’re still sharing feelings for each other. ‘I’m still head over heels for you,’ Andrew said, insisting that he only recoupled with Coco ‘out of anger’. Later in the evening, Coco was in tears while Ekin-Su tried to reassure her that Andrew was a ‘mug’, before she and Tasha went for a chat to clear the air, and clear up what Andrew had really said and done. ‘I don’t think you would be happy with some of the things that were said or done,’ Coco told Tasha, revealing she and Andrew had shared ‘intense’ moments in the pool and in bed. ‘Somehow the tea will come out, but I’m embarrassed for them,’ Coco later shared in the Beach Hut, after she and Andrew had a chat where she accused him of being a ‘liar’. However, when Tasha confronted Andrew about his behaviour, he suggested he’d ‘forgotten’ the details, while Tasha held her ground saying: ‘I don’t know if we can come back from this, because I’m hurt deep down.’ Coco went on to tell the whole of the villa what had really happened between her and Andrew, leaving Tasha in tears as she found out the truth. ‘Do I have mug on my forehead?’ she tearfully said to the other girls. ‘He’s been sucking on her f***ing tits as well!’ ‘Andrew’s shown me what he would be like on the real world and I’m not here for that,’ she added. The drama continued when Andrew walked by as Coco was in tears with Tasha sitting with the other girls, and Tasha yelled at him: ‘You’re a f***ing liar!’ Elsewhere in the villa, Indiyah admitted feeling ‘irritated’ by Dami, telling Tasha as the girls all got ready for bed: ‘Dami is so irritating. ‘He’s not said one word to me all night.’ The morning after, Indiyah admitted that Dami had been ‘avoiding eye contact’ and ‘was being so petty’ at the fire pit, saying she could hear ‘the frostiness in his voice’. Meanwhile, Dami admitted he still likes Indiyah ‘a lot’. In the evening, the pair talked things through, with Dami confessing to Indiyah that he had actually kissed Summer more than once in bed. When Indiyah replied by saying she hadn’t kissed new boy Deji in Casa Amor, she added: ‘I’m a heartbreaker but I’m not disrespectful.’ Just like their savage chat around the fire pit at the reunion, they ended with more intense back-and-forth, saying they ‘made their bed and they have to lie in it.’ As night time fell, while Tasha and Billy got cozy in bed together, Jacques turned to the dog house bed, leaving Paige alone in theirs. Meanwhile, happy couples Luca Bish and Gemma Owen, and Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su shared their beds together after nights apart, with Luca unable to keep the grin off his face as he told Gemma how much he really liked her. In a surprising revelation, Jay Younger told the boys he ‘wasn’t feeling himself’, admitting he felt like he was ‘faking feelings.’ Jay, who had previously been coupled up with Danica Taylor despite not having feelings for her, recoupled with Chyna Mills, but after another night together he decided to cool things off. He told her: ‘We got along well in Casa, and I feel like we should just continue this on as friends. You wingman me and I’ll wingman you, and hopefully someone comes in for us both.’ While he had managed to avoid the drama for the night, Davide ended up stealing the show with another one-liner. When Tasha was in tears, having heard the truth from Coco, she yelled at Andrew: ‘You’re a f***ing liar!’ Hearing his line, Davide’s ears picked up and he called back: ‘That’s my line Tasha.’ The other girls were quick to shut Davide down, telling him it wasn’t the right moment, but viewers picked up on his line and were left in hysterics. ‘Davide never fails to disappoint,’ one viewer wrote, while another added: ‘Davide is the goat. How u having the best moment of the episode with only three seconds of screen time.’ A third penned: ‘Oh my god this Davide guy is something else man. never change man that is absolutely incredible, man said that’s my line.’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers champion Paige Thorne for ‘seeing the light’ by ditching Jacques O’Neill and Tasha Ghouri for accusing Andrew Le Page of ‘playing the victim’ MORE : Andrew Le Page insists he’s in a ‘friendship couple’ with Coco Lodge despite her revealing they shared ‘intense’ Casa Amor moments to Tasha Ghouri 