San Diego Comic-Con was full of jaw-dropping, tear-jerking, heartwarming surprises, with plenty of the excitement coming from Marvel’s mega panel on Saturday night. The studio detailed what fans can expect for the remainder of the year, in 2023 and beyond, outlining the movies and TV shows that will complete Phase 4, before Phase 5 and Phase 6 kick off to complete the Multiverse Saga. Some of the most anticipated projects on the horizon include Loki season 2, the new Daredevil series starring Charlie Cox and Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, the trailer for which was packed with emotion, spectacular cinematography and tributes to the late, great Chadwick Boseman. There was also a new trailer for She-Hulk, release dates unveiled for projects including Fantastic Four and Captain America 4, as well as trailers for Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 3 and Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania. Here’s a breakdown of all the announcements made by Marvel at SDCC’s famous Hall H. Following Matt Murdock’s brief cameo in Spider-Man: No Way Home, Daredevil is finally back in his own eponymous series, after the Charlie Cox show was cancelled over on Netflix. Daredevil: Born Again will boast 18 episodes and see the return of Charlie opposite Vincent D’Onofrio as the near-indomitable Wilson Fisk, aka Kingpin – and fans can’t wait to see a rematch between the pair. Following the tragic death of Chadwick Boseman at 43 years old in August 2020, fans have been wondering how the sequel to the first Black Panther film will pay tribute to the cinematic legend. The first trailer released for Black Panther: Wakanda Forever not only sparked an outpouring of tears after showing how it honours Chadwick and his character, T’Challa, but it also teased a visual spectacle. The footage featured moving scenes with Angela Bassett, Lupita Nyong’o and Letitia Wright, and the introduction of several new characters, including Michaela Coel as Aneka, Tenoch Huerta as Namor and Dominique Thorne as Riri Williams, otherwise known as Ironheart. While the trailer for Guardians of the Galaxy: Vol. 3 is yet to be released to the general public, those who were in attendance at Marvel’s panel in Hall H were moved to tears by what they saw. According to reports, we can expect to see Peter Quill (Chris Pratt) struggling over the fact that Gamora (Zoe Saldana) doesn’t share any of the memories of their relationship, and a heartbreaking backstory for Rocket (Bradley Cooper), with scenes showing him as a baby and possibly revealing that the High Evolutionary (Chukwudi Iwuji) was the one to perform cruel experiments on him. One of the most exciting moments ever to happen at San Diego Comic-Con was in 2019, when two-time Oscar winner Mahershala Ali joined the rest of the MCU’s stars on stage at the end of Marvel’s panel to be formally announced as Blade, the vampire hunter previously played by Wesley Snipes. It’s been a long wait, but finally Mahershala Ali’s solo Blade movie has a release date – November 3 2023 (which in the scheme of things, isn’t that long a wait!). Riri Williams, aka Ironheart, will finally make her debut in Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, having been introduced in the Marvel comics in 2016, where she gained support from Tony Stark to become a superhero. Not only did the Black Panther sequel trailer tease her greatness – seeing her interact with Shuri (Letitia) and forging her suit just like Robert Downey Jr did in the first Iron Man film – but her own eponymous show arrives on Disney Plus in autumn next year. Originally titled Agatha: House of Harkness, one of the standout characters from WandaVision – Kathryn Hahn’s Agatha Harkness – will now return in the spookily titled Agatha: Coven of Chaos. Who knows what mischief and magical mayhem the witch will unleash when the show is released in winter 2023 on Disney Plus? Having officially taken on the mantle of Captain America in The Falcon and The Winter Soldier, Sam Wilson (Anthony Mackie) will reprise his role in the fourth Captain America film. Captain America: New World Order is set to be released on May 3 2024, with The Cloverfield Paradox director Julius Onah helming the project. As anyone well-attuned with the Marvel Cinematic Universe will know, it’s split into various Phases, and is currently in the midst of Phase Four. With films in Phase Four including Spider-Man: No Way Home, Thor: Love and Thunder and the upcoming Black Panther: Wakanda Forever, at San Diego Comic-Con 2022, Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige provided a detailed look ahead at Phase Five, as well as some teases of what’s to come in Phase Six. After Phases One to Three were dubbed the ‘Infinity Saga’, Phases Four to Six are now known as the ‘Multiverse Saga’. Phase Five will feature titles including Mahershala’s Blade film, the Captain Marvel sequel The Marvels, Loki season two, the new Daredevil series, What If…? season two, Echo, Agatha: Coven of Chaos, Secret Invasion, Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3, Captain America: New World Order and Ironheart. Meanwhile, Phase Six will include the Fantastic Four, Avengers: The Kang Dynasty and Avengers: Secret Wars (as well as many yet-to-be-announced projects). With the latest Fantastic Four reboot set to arrive in 2024, villain team-up movie Thunderbolts coming in the same year and Echo also on the way – among much more – there is plenty to be excited about for the years to come. As previously mentioned, the latest Fantastic Four reboot is finally just around the corner, and fans can’t wait for the MCU’s iteration of the superhero group when it arrives in a couple of years’ time. The latest try, released in 2015, was widely panned, so there are high hopes for the next attempt, particularly after John Krasinski appeared in Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness as Reed Richards. The next Marvel production set to drop is the She-Hulk series on Disney Plus, starring Orphan Black actor Tatiana Maslany as the green, super-strong superhero, otherwise known as Jennifer Walters. The latest trailer for the show released at Comic-Con included a very exciting tease at the end, revealing the first look at Daredevil in the series, as Matt somersaults over her head. As you do. Another project that revealed footage at Comic-Con that’s yet to be released to the public is Secret Invasion, the Marvel show starring Samuel L Jackson’s Nick Fury opposite Ben Mendelsohn as Skrull leader Talos, Cobie Smulders as Maria Hill, as well as MCU newcomers Emilia Clarke and Olivia Colman. According to people who were in Hall H, the series may have a very gritty feel akin to Captain America: The Winter Soldier, with Cobie telling fans that the thriller will showcase ‘a version of Nick Fury that they haven’t seen before’. The rumours that Billy Murray has a part in Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania have been confirmed, with the actor showing up in the first snippet of footage from the film unveiled at Comic-Con. The trailer debuted in Hall H saw Jonathan Majors’ Kang the Conqueror say to Paul Rudd’s Scott Lang: ‘You’re an Avenger? Have I killed you before?’ Meanwhile Scott has sought fame by writing a book about his Avengers adventures called Look Out for the Little Guy – sparking disdain from his daughter, Cassie (played by Kathryn Newton, who replaced Emma Fuhrmann). While there was plenty of news to celebrate for Marvel fans at San Diego Comic-Con, there were also several notable omissions from the line-up of upcoming productions. The rumours of a solo Scarlet Witch film were not confirmed, while there was no mention of the upcoming Wakanda-based TV series or Don Cheadle’s Armor Wars. Nonetheless, with Disney’s D23 Expo coming up in September this year, there will surely be a lot more news for fans to dig their teeth into. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Armor Wars writer ‘promises’ Don Cheadle series ‘is still coming out’ after Marvel misses it out from Phase 5 and Phase 6 announcements MORE : Black Panther: Wakanda Forever trailer reveals heartfelt Chadwick Boseman tribute as stars return for new chapter 