Calling all putting fans: this might just be your dream home. Where was once just an empty paddock now sits a stunning barn conversation, complete with its own nine-hole pitch and putt golf course. And now, it’s on the market for offers in excess of £1million. The golf course is the work of current owners Andy, 54, and Dana Bennett, 52, who managed to complete the project in just three years. The couple, who have lived in the property for around a decade and are now selling in order to downsize, said: ‘We both enjoy playing golf and creating our own course has been a fun project. ‘All the holes have a stroke index meaning they are rated from one to nine in terms of difficulty. ‘Living here has been very good for improving our short games especially. ‘We are downsizing so we know we will have to join a golf course soon and we will miss the house but we have enjoyed it immensely. ‘It’s been so wonderful to step out into the garden in the evenings and practice our game.’ We’d never have guessed the duo are golf lovers – who else would create a 30 par course totally 1,030 yards in their back garden? The house, called The Olde Canal Barn, is located in the quiet hamlet of Wrantage, near Taunton in Somerset. It’s a five-bedroom home that once served as a barn, dating back to around 200 years. As well as the golf course, the home also has an outdoor heated swimming pool, grounds that stretch to 2.5 acres, a games room, and a gym. Plus, for woodworking fans, a timber workshop complete with lights, power points and a concrete floor – you could use this as intended or turn it into a snazzy office. Oh, and there are stables to accommodate two horses, too. ‘The house is in a great location and we are surrounded by lovely views of the countryside with lots of wildlife to see,’ added Andy and Dana. ‘It is like being on permanent holiday and we are always well supported by family and friends when hosting parties or social events be it indoors or out.’ Local director Elizabeth Davis from Fine & Country in Taunton, who are selling the property, said: ‘The home presents its new buyers with the incredibly rare opportunity of perfectly balancing a work from home, social and recreational lifestyle without having to leave the grounds in which they live. ‘The Olde Canal Barn is nestled in a very convenient spot with easy access to the M5 motorway and there are enjoyable, scenic walks in virtually any direction from the front door.’ Want to check out the place? You can find out more through the Webbers listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple who couldn’t afford house in UK buy entire village in France MORE : Why getting on the property ladder is harder than ever MORE : You can now stay in a secluded pod house shaped like a conker in Wales