Antonio Conte has confirmed which Tottenham players are surplus to requirements, after several senior stars were left out of the club’s pre-season tour. Left-back Sergio Reguilon and midfielders Harry Winks, Tanguy Ndombele and Giovani Lo Celso have not been included in the squad that has travelled to South Korea. On tour, Tottenham are set to play an all-star K-League XI and Sevilla, while further friendlies have been scheduled against Rangers and Roma. The Lilywhites have already done a lot of business this summer as Conte looks to seriously challenge for trophies in his first full season in charge of the North London club. Forward Richarlison, midfielder Yves Bissouma, wing-back Ivan Perisic, goalkeeper Fraser Forster and centre-back Clement Lenglet have all been signed, while a deal for Middlesborough right-back Djed Spence is reportedly close. All the new signings were on the plane to South Korea with the exception of Lenglet whose recent arrival from Barcelona means he does not have the necessary documentation to travel, while fellow centre-back Joe Rodon has also missed out due to illness. But following all these incomings, there must now be some outgoings, with Conte hoping to sell the four aforementioned players as soon as possible, having already shown several players the door this summer. Wingers Steven Bergwijn and Jack Clarke have just completed moves to Ajax and Sunderland, while centre-back Cameron Carter-Vickers has joined Celtic permanently following his loan spell their last season, ending his 13-year association with the club. While the unwanted quartet are not short on suitors, Conte and Daniel Levy will have trouble shifting them for anywhere close to the £124million they have collectively cost Tottenham in transfer fees. Winks has long been linked to Everton, while Reguilon is seeking a move back to Spain. Lo Celso and Ndombele both spent the second half of last season out on loan, and while the former is hopeful of a return to Villarreal, Lyon are unlikely to re-sign Ndombele who is also Tottenham’s club-record signing, although PSG are reportedly interested. MORE : Clement Lenglet arrives at Tottenham on loan from Barcelona as club’s fifth summer signing MORE : Former Chelsea, Arsenal and Tottenham star William Gallas picks his Premier League top four For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 