The RSPCA said it has had to make the ‘heartbreaking’ decision to close its rescue centres to seabirds due to the risk of bird flu. Branches across England and Wales will now no longer take in injured birds such as gulls, gannets and fulmars. It comes as the spread of avian flu is causing concern, with high levels of morbidity and mortality particularly in seabirds around the coast. Latest Defra figures confirmed 102 cases of bird flu in England, with two cases each in Wales and Scotland earlier this year. When avian influenza is confirmed or suspected in poultry or other captive birds, control zones are put in place to prevent the spread of the disease. Within these zones, restrictions can apply such as keeping the birds indoors or not allowing them to be moved around. There are currently two disease control zones around Bexhill and Hastings in East Sussex due to outbreaks of the illness which saw a number of birds humanely culled. There are five other disease control zones currently in force: two in Shropshire, two in Nottinghamshire and one in Derbyshire. The RSPCA said officers will continue to attend reports of sick and injured birds, but will not be able to take them back to their centres. A spokesman said: ‘Tragically, bird flu continues to spread at an alarming rate, with seabird populations worst affected. ‘In a bid to stop this highly contagious disease from killing hundreds of our wild patients, we have made the difficult decision to close our centres and branches to new seabird admissions. ‘This includes (but is not limited to) the most common seabird species: gulls, auks, terns, cormorants, shearwaters, gannets and fulmars. ‘Our animal rescue teams are continuing to attend reports of sick and injured birds.’ RSPCA vet Jocelyn Toner added: ‘Bird flu is having a devastating impact on wild birdlife across the country and our teams have been busy responding to calls about sick birds and doing their best to seek help for as many as possible. ‘It’s been devastating for our volunteers, vets and staff – who work for the RSPCA because they love animals – to see so many birds perishing due to this awful disease. ‘Now it’s important that we follow the Government’s advice and act to try to slow the spread and keep as many of our birds as safe as possible.’ Branches will still be able to take in other wildlife. A spokesman for the RSPCA branch in Thanet, Kent, said: ‘Such heart-breaking decisions are having to be made right now in terms of wildlife care. ‘Let’s hope things will improve soon without too many more beautiful birds losing their lives. ‘We are taking in other wildlife at the animal centre if needed, just sadly aren’t able to take in birds.’ A spokesman for the charity’s Brighton branch said they shared the news ‘with great sadness’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.