Kourtney Kardashian has called out fake Instagram accounts pretending tobe her son Mason. The Poosh founder shares 12-year-old Mason, Penelope, 10, andseven-year-old Reign with former partner Scott Disick. Mum-of-three Kourtney has now flatly denied that her eldest child is back on Instagram, and slammed the bogus social media accounts spoutingfake stories about the Kardashian-Jenner family. One account recently alleged that Kourtney’s half-sister, Kylie Jenner, had got married to Travis Scott, the father of her two children. Taking to Twitter this week, the Kardashians star cleared things up with a frustrated tweet. She wrote: ‘Hello everyone, hope it is a beautiful Thursday. ‘After months and months of thinking you would all know that is NOT Mason onthese fake accounts, some of you don’t. ‘So I will spell it out clearly: that is NOT Mason on these fake social media accounts talking about our family.’ She went on to brand the person or people behind the accounts as ‘ultra creepy.’ The star added: ‘And to the person relentlessly pretending to be Mason, ultra ultra ultra creepy.’ The 43-year-old reality star – who recently tied the knot with Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker – previously revealed she had to shut down a series of secret Instagram and TikTok accounts Mason had set up. She said last year: ‘We definitely have our limits of [screen time]. And I’ve noticed different kids react differently to it. ‘Mason started some secret accounts during quarantine, like TikTok andInstagram. Those were quickly shut down.’ Kourtney and her daughter Penelope have an official TikTok account, which currently has more than 3 million followers. Their most recent post was featured Penelope and her cousin North West, the eldest child of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West – washing a Range Rover together. Meanwhile, Kim has previously come under fire from ex-husband Kanye fornine-year-old North being on TikTok and wearing makeup. He fumed on social media earlier this year: ‘Don’t have my daughter wearing lipstick on TikTok, or don’t have her on TikTok at all, if I’m not there to approve that. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim and Kourtney Kardashian soak up sun with kids at beachside birthday bash in Malibu MORE : Travis Barker opens up on life-threatening pancreatitis as Kourtney Kardashian thanks doctors for saving her husband 