The monkeypox outbreak has spread to more than 70 countries and is now a ‘global health emergency’, the World Health Organisation says. It was described the WHO as an ‘extraordinary event’ that could spill over into more countries and requires a global response. The emergency declaration mostly serves as a plea to draw more global resources and attention to an outbreak. Announcements like this in the past have had mixed impact, given that the UN health agency is largely powerless in getting countries to act. Monkeypox has been in parts of central and west Africa for decades, but it was not known to spark large outbreaks beyond the continent, or to spread widely among people. But in May authorities detected dozens of epidemics in Europe, North America and elsewhere – with cases now passing 2,000 in the UK, where the most at-risk are now eligible for a vaccine. More than 2,500 cases have been recorded in the US, and the country has confirmed the first two cases among children. According to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, more than 16,000 cases of monkeypox have been reported in 74 countries since about May. Last month, the WHO’s expert committee said the worldwide monkeypox outbreak did not yet amount to an international emergency, but the panel convened this week to reevaluate the situation. It has previously declared emergencies for public health crises such as the Covid-19 pandemic, the 2014 Ebola outbreak, the Zika virus in 2016 and the ongoing effort to eradicate polio. To date, monkeypox deaths have only been reported in Africa, where a more dangerous version of the virus is spreading, mainly in Nigeria and Congo. In the continent, monkeypox mainly spreads to people from infected wild animals like rodents, in limited outbreaks that typically have not crossed borders. In Europe, North America and elsewhere, however, monkeypox is spreading among people with no links to animals or recent travel to Africa. The WHO’s top monkeypox expert, Dr. Rosamund Lewis, said this week that 99% of all the monkeypox cases beyond Africa were in men and that of those, 98% involved men who have sex with men. Experts suspect the monkeypox outbreaks in Europe and North America were spread via sex at two raves in Belgium and Spain. Michael Head, a senior research fellow in global health at Southampton University, said it was surprising WHO hadn’t already declared monkeypox a global emergency, explaining that the conditions were arguably met weeks ago. Some experts have questioned whether such a declaration would help, arguing the disease isn’t severe enough to warrant the attention. They added that rich countries battling monkeypox already have the funds to do so; most people recover without needing medical attention, although the lesions may be painful. ‘I think it would be better to be proactive and overreact to the problem instead of waiting to react when it’s too late,’ Mr Head said. He added that the WHO’s emergency declaration could help donors like the World Bank make funds available to stop the outbreaks both in the West and in Africa, where animals are the likely natural reservoir of monkeypox. In the US, some experts have speculated whether monkeypox might be on the verge of becoming an entrenched sexually transmitted disease in the country, like gonorrhea, herpes and HIV. ‘The bottom line is we’ve seen a shift in the epidemiology of monkeypox where there’s now widespread, unexpected transmission,’ said Dr Albert Ko, a professor of public health and epidemiology at Yale University. ‘There are some genetic mutations in the virus that suggest why that may be happening, but we do need a globally-coordinated response to get it under control,’ he said. Dr Ko called for testing to be immediately scaled up rapidly, saying that similar to the early days of Covid-19, that there were significant gaps in surveillance. He said: ‘The cases we are seeing are just the tip of the iceberg. The window has probably closed for us to quickly stop the outbreaks in Europe and the US. ‘But it’s not too late to stop monkeypox from causing huge damage to poorer countries without the resources to handle it.’ Dr. Placide Mbala, a virologist who directs the global health department at Congo’s Institute of National Biomedical Research, said he hoped any global efforts to stop monkeypox would be equitable. Although countries including Britain, Canada, Germany and the US have ordered millions of vaccine doses, none have gone to Africa. ‘The solution needs to be global,’ Mbala said, adding that any vaccines sent to Africa would be used to target those at highest risk, like hunters in rural areas. He added: ‘Vaccination in the West might help stop the outbreak there, but there will still be cases in Africa. ‘Unless the problem is solved here, the risk to the rest of the world will remain.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  