The woman who was mauled to death by her American Bully XL dog after it ‘suddenly snapped’ has been pictured. The 43-year-old, named locally as mum-of-two Joanne Robinson, died at the scene of the attack in Rotherham, South Yorkshire, late on Friday night. A 42-year-old man, understood to be her partner Jamie Stead, suffered serious injuries to his hands, face and abdomen while desperately trying to save her. Joanne’s mother, Dotty Robinson, said her family has been left in ‘total disbelief and shock’, adding: ‘I want everyone to know how well-loved she was.’ Speaking to The Sun, she said: ‘I just hope it was quick and she didn’t suffer too much.’ Ms Robinson said her daughter’s two dogs – Rocco, who was responsible for the fatal attack, and Lola – were destroyed on Saturday. She described how Rocco was ‘bigger than a lion’ but insisted the animals ‘were no trouble’. Ms Robinson said: ‘They were good dogs, they are not a banned breed and were not dangerous. They were not related but they got on well together. I don’t know why they suddenly snapped.’ The gran-of-nine added: ‘It must have been the heat. There’s a saying about mad dogs going out in the midday sun.’ Piles of card and flowers were laid outside the couple’s home, including a note from Joanne’s children Elle, 24, and Dillon, 19, which read: ‘Mum I love and miss you.’ Neighbour John Allerton, 69, a retired miner, said: ‘It’s really, really tragic.’ Another friend said: ‘I’m devastated. She was a lovely lady. They are a lovely family.’ South Yorkshire Police said: ‘We were called to a property on Masefield Road in West Melton last night around 10:15 pm when a member of the public stated that a dog had attacked him and a woman. ‘Officers arrived with the Yorkshire Ambulance Brigade and found a 42-year-old man with a potentially life-threatening injury to one arm, as well as injuries to the other arm, abdomen and face. ‘A 43-year-old woman was mortally bitten, and, despite the best efforts of the rescuers, she was sadly pronounced dead on the spot.’ The house remained cordoned off on Saturday while investigations continue. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.