Cara Delevingne has spoken out on the importance of everybody speaking out for others’ rights as she took part in a new photoshoot in celebration of Pride. The model, 29, was one of 12 ‘change-makers in the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer community’ to feature on the cover of British Vogue in a powerful new shoot. In her shot, Cara was seen staring intensely into the camera with slicked down hair, naked except for a metal pair of underwear with exaggerated hips. Cara’s hands covered her chest, with the lion tattoo on her finger visible as well as rings on each ring finger. Addressing both the recent overturning of Roe v. Wade in the US meaning abortions are no longer legal in certain states, as well as the ongoing issues transgender people face, she voiced the importance of everyone coming together with a common goal. Opening up about the continued fight for equality, Cara told the magazine: ‘Trans rights, women’s rights, they’re all human rights. ‘This isn’t about, “Oh, it’s not my job because I’m not part of the community.” It’s all of our jobs to stand up for each other.’ Cara also spoke on video for British Vogue about the lack of representation she saw growing up, and how she never had an official coming out moment. She explained: ‘The importance of representation to me, in the industry and the world at large, is that people need to see people like them. ‘Growing up, I didn’t really see many people like me, so I’m just really grateful to be able to be one of those people representing. ‘I never really came out. It was more that I just decided that I was done with being in the closet, I was done with being ashamed for who I loved and who I was. ‘So for me, it was more just being like, “Love is love, and we should be able to love who we want.”’ The August issue of British Vogue is available on newsstands and digital download from July 19. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Only Murders In The Building fans brand Selena Gomez and Cara Delevingne’s passionate kiss ‘awkward’ following season 2 release MORE : Cara Delevingne travels to Glastonbury in style as she boards helicopter with rumoured new girlfriend Minke  