The Most Hated Man on the Internet follows victims’ and revenge-porn activists’ journeys to take down the King of revenge porn, also known as Hunter Moore. But, in the making of the Netflix docuseries, which is created by the same people behind The Tinder Swindler, Moore was actually supposed to be involved. In fact, he had even agreed to involvement, before pulling out. The three-part series follows activist Charlotte Laws as she fought to bring justice to Moore’s victims, including Laws’ own daughter. Featuring interviews with Laws as well as several of the victims, The Most Hated Man on the Internet paints a picture of Moore that he seems to live up to himself, in several clips of past interviews he gave, and videos he published himself online. Director Rob Miller insisted that through the footage of Moore shown throughout the series, he is fairly represented. Miller said: ‘Yes, you hear from him throughout the series. And a lot of things that he said that we included in the series he said repeatedly over various interviews, so it’s not just a one-off that he can excuse by saying “I was on coke” or “I was drunk.” So, I do feel it’s representative of who he was, at that point in time.’ He continued: ‘Even now, there was a piece that came out on Vice, and his response was “This happened 10 years ago.” The implication being “I’m a changed person, but I still don’t think I did anything wrong and I’m not going to apologise.” ‘I suspect that is the position he will take with this series. I think part of that is he can’t show weakness in front of his following.’ Producers confirmed that Moore was originally going to participate in the series, saying: ‘When we were developing it, he initially agreed to take part, but then decided not to.’ Producer Vikki Miller added: ‘When Hunter pulled out, I was initially disappointed but then I completely changed my mind and am so glad we ended up telling it through Charlotte Laws’ narrative. ‘She’s an extraordinary character and fought extremely hard for justice to be done. Through Hunter’s regular media appearances at the time we know what Hunter’s thoughts were – and we included them. ‘What was new, and what we did, was to flip the narrative to tell it from the other side – to include the voices that haven’t yet been heard – the victims’ – and they’re led by Charlotte.’ While it’s uncertain to know what Moore is doing now, Miller added that social media shows ‘he still holds the same attitudes.’ She continued: ‘He is still saying: “I just provided the platform, blame the guys that posted the pictures.” ‘I always thought that argument could never work now, post #MeToo. The world, and in particular attitudes towards women, has changed so much since Hunter Moore created IsAnyoneUp. ‘Surely he can’t still say that and get away with it? But he still seems to be peddling this line and I’m very intrigued to see if people will buy it this time round.’ The Most Hated Man on the Internet is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Tinder Swindler creators are about to horrify you again with The Most Hated Man on The Internet – watch the trailer here MORE : Tinder Swindler crowned Netflix’s most-watched documentary ever 