After being hidden from view for more than a century, a new self-portrait by Vincent Van Gogh has now been discovered. The find, at the National Galleries of Scotland in Edinburgh, has been described as ‘incredibly rare’. An x-ray had unearthed the new portrait on the back of Van Gogh’s Head of a Peasant Woman (1885). He was known for reusing canvas to save money by turning it round and working on the opposite side. The new self portrait shows a bearded sitter in a brimmed hat with a neckerchief loosely tied at the throat. His left ear, which he famously cut off in 1888, is clearly visible. It is thought to be from Van Gogh’s early work and his first exploration of self-portraits, which he later became known for. Visitors to Edinburgh will soon be able to see the sketch as an x-ray image through a specially crafted lightbox. While it may be possible to separate the paintings, the process of removing the glue and cardboard will require delicate conservation work. Research is ongoing as to how that can be done without harming Head of a Peasant Woman. The discovery has been described as ‘thrilling’ by Professor Frances Fowle, senior curator of French art at the National Galleries of Scotland. She said: ‘Moments like this are incredibly rare. ‘We have discovered an unknown work by Vincent Van Gogh, one of the most important and popular artists in the world. ‘What an incredible gift for Scotland, and one that will forever be in the care of the National Galleries. ‘We are very excited to share this thrilling discovery in our big summer exhibition A Taste for Impressionism, where the x-ray image of the self-portrait will be on view for all to see.’ There are over 35 self-portraits by Van Gogh and the majority – more than 25 – were done while he was in Paris between 1886–88. Short of money, he had painted himself to save money. The artist once said: ‘People say – and I’m quite willing to believe it – that it’s difficult to know oneself – but it’s not easy to paint oneself either.’ Lesley Stevenson, senior paintings conservator at the National Galleries said they are ‘thrilled to bits’ to have discovered the portrait. ‘When we saw the x-ray for the first time of course we were hugely excited,’ she said. ‘This is a significant discovery because it adds to what we already know about Van Gogh’s life. ‘There is lots to think about with regards to the next steps, but for us it is another little nugget to get us a little bit closer to an incredible artist. ‘Knowing that it’s there in a painting that’s in the National Galleries of Scotland in a collection that belongs to the people of Scotland is incredibly important and significant. ‘Hopefully it will encourage people to come along and have a look.’ Art enthusiasts will be able to view the portrait as part of the A Taste for Impressionism at the Royal Scottish Academy, Edinburgh. It will take place between July 30 and November 13. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.