As it stands there’s hardly any information about the new Doctor Who companion Rose, but actress Yasmin Finney has confirmed her hero will be trans. Finney shot to fame as Elle in the immeasurably impactful Netflix series Heartstopper, and will next be starring alongside David Tennant and Catherine Tate in Doctor Who. Of course, she will then be joined by the latest star confirmed to be playing the Doctor – Sex Education’s Ncuti Gatwa. The actress, 18, stood up and spoke to thousands of people who joined the Trans Pride in London march on Saturday, where she addressed Prime Minister Boris Johnson and confirmed the gender of her character for the first time. ‘How many of you have seen Doctor Who?’ she asked her captive audience. ‘Yeah, because that is also a moment and that is also a show where my character is trans so, Boris, I hope you see Heartstopper, I hope you see Doctor Who, because I exist, and I know you know I exist. ‘We all exist, and we’re not going anywhere! Period.’ Russell T Davies confirmed Yasmin had joined the sci-fi series under his rein as showrunner earlier this year. ‘Life on Doctor Who gets brighter and wilder, how can there be another Rose?’ he wrote. ‘You’ll find out in 2023, but it’s an absolute joy to welcome Yasmin to the Doctor Who set.’ At the time her Doctor Who role was announced, Yasmin said: ‘If anyone would have told 8 year old Yasmin that one day she’d be part of this iconic show, I would have never in a million years believed them. ‘This show has a place in so many people’s hearts, so to be seen as a trans actress by the legend himself Russell, has not only made my year, it’s made my life. I cannot wait to begin this journey and for you all to see how Rose blossoms. Get Ready.’ Doctor Who returns to BBC One this autumn. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 