Mr Men and Little Miss memes have been doing the rounds recently, so Rimmel London have got their timing just right with their new nail collection. Themed around the Mr Men characters, nail polish shades match the colours of the cartoons – from Mr Happy (a golden tone) to Little Miss Naughty (a purple). Having launched earlier this month, shoppers have been thrilled to get their hands on these nostalgic products. One person wrote: ‘I need every shade’ while another said: ‘I want them all’. The limited release is easy to pick up in the UK – so there’s plenty of time to shop the cute polishes. Anyone who grew up shopping for makeup on the high street is likely to have experienced Rimmel’s trusty 60 Seconds formula – which is affordable, has a decent wear-time before chipping, and can be layered easily without it going gloopy. Now, they have Mr Men artwork to play with, making these £3.99 polishes an event sweeter deal. From bright fuchsia to a milky white, there’s plenty of colours to choose from for an easy at-home mani. We have our eye on Little Miss Fun, a popping melon shade that’s perfect for summer. People have found the timing of this collection humourous, with one person writing Rimmel ‘didn’t waste anytime’ as Mr Men and Little Miss is seeing a small revival online. The characters to look out for are: Mr Strong, Mr Bump, Mr Snooty, Mr Grumpy, Mr Lazy, Mr Happy, Little Miss Shy, Little Miss Fun, Little Miss Naughter, Little Miss Scatterbrain, Little Miss Sunshine and Little Miss Princess. Which Mr Men or Little Miss are you? The range is available at Superdrug. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Hot List: Beauty buys from Harry Styles’ nail polish to vegan skincare MORE : Alternative bridal nail looks for those bored of French manicures – from foil tips to floral art MORE : Seven nail art ideas for your next femme-icure