Jailed tennis star Boris Becker has sparked outrage among his prison inmates, according to reports. Becker, a three-time Wimbledon champion, was handed a two-and-a-half year prison sentence earlier this year after failing to declare £2.5 million worth of assets to avoid paying debts. The 54-year-old German – who regularly appeared on the BBC’s coverage of the Championships before his conviction – was allowed to watch the 2022 tournament from his cell at HMP Huntercombe. Becker has now angered his fellow inmates by being handed a new job at the Category C men’s prison, teaching sports science as a classroom assistant. ‘You would normally serve years before getting a job as a classroom assistant as it is seen as a privilege,’ a source told The Sun. ‘But Becker has been given the job within weeks of being sentenced. ‘There is a lot of resentment about it and the families of some prisoners have written letters of complaint.’ BBC duo John McEnroe and Sue Barker came under fire at Wimbledon for pledging support to convicted criminal Becker during a live broadcast. ‘Boris, we love you,’ McEnroe said. ‘We miss you, man.’ Fellow presenter Barker then added: ‘We do indeed.’ One Twitter user wrote: ‘Stop presenters mentioning Boris Becker. We pay taxes in order to buy [a] license fee [and] he avoids it and it’s rubbed in our face.’ McEnroe has been vocal in his support for Becker and revealed last month that he plans to visit him in prison. ‘Boris is a friend of mine,’ he said. ‘This is just horrible. I want to see him if I possibly can and if he’s willing to see people. ‘I just feel terrible. He’s one of the greatest players that has ever played the game, and I know it meant a lot to Boris. He’s been going through a lot for a long time.’ MORE : Roger Federer could be doomed like Serena Williams, former Grand Slam winner warns MORE : John McEnroe hits out at 'ridiculous' US Open Novak Djokovic decision For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 