Erik ten Hag has told Manchester United’s hierarchy to continue pushing for Frenkie de Jong even if he is not signed before the new Premier League season begins, according to reports. Earlier this week, United reached an agreement with Barcelona which would see them pay €75m (£63.7m) up front plus a further €10m (£8.5m) in add-ons for the Netherlands international. However, De Jong is intent on staying at Barcelona and has shown no public indication that he would be prepared to join United. Reports this week have also claimed that De Jong’s agent has approached Chelsea and Paris Saint-Germain in an attempt to encourage the two clubs to submit offers to Barcelona. Despite De Jong’s apparent reluctance to join United this summer, The Guardian claims that Ten Hag has told the club’s CEO Richard Arnold and football director John Murtough to keep trying, even if the midfielder is not signed before their Premier League opener against Brighton on August 7. Ten Hag views De Jong as a key part of his plans at United but the midfielder has made it clear that he wants to stay at Camp Nou. De Jong has travelled with Barcelona’s squad for their pre-season tour of the United States, further indicating that he wants to remain integral to Xavi’s squad. Barcelona’s director of football Mateu Alemany said on Friday during their unveiling of Raphinha that De Jong will not be sold, despite their meeting with United’s hierarchy earlier in the week. ‘Frenkie is an important player for us. We totally count on him. The story ends here,’ Alemany said. ‘The issue of fair play forces players to leave. Those who leave will be one or the other. More complicated is the departure of players who are less important that Frenkie.’ Elsewhere, United completed a deal to sign Christian Eriksen as a free agent on Friday. United have also reached an agreement with Ajax to sign Lisandro Martinez for €64m (£54.4m). For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 