Brad Pitt has opened up on his difficult battle with a facial recognition disorder and has shed light on the condition, which is thought to affect as many as one in 50 people. The actor said that ‘nobody believes him’ when he says he has face blindness, which is formally known as prosopagnosia. Prosopagnosia sufferers cannot recognise people’s faces, and for many, this even includes partners, family members and close friends. It is thought to affect those with the condition for most, if not all, of their life, and is often something people are born with, although it can be acquired later in life following brain damage. Brad, who also said he felt he was on the ‘last leg’ of his career after nearly 40 years, has not been formally diagnosed but believes he has suffered with the issue for a long time. He shared his fear in a recent interview that his lack of ability to recognise people by their faces might form an impression of him being ‘remote and aloof, inaccessible, self-absorbed’. He told GQ magazine: ‘Nobody believes me! I wanna meet another [person with the prosopagnosia].’ It was added in the interview that the condition leaves him feeling ashamed, because he just wants to remember those he meets. The Oscar-nominated star previously spoke about his experience with face blindness in a 2013 interview with Esquire, admitting that he thought ‘so many people hate me because they think I’m disrespecting them’ when he failed to recognise them upon subsequent meetings. Brad then took to asking people where he had met them before but said that it ‘just got worse’. ‘People were more offended. Every now and then, someone will give me context, and I’ll say, “Thank you for helping me.” But I p*ss more people off. ‘You get this thing, like, “You’re being egotistical. You’re being conceited.” ‘But it’s a mystery to me, man. I can’t grasp a face and yet I come from such a design/aesthetic point of view.’ The Ad Astra actor and producer then revealed that he had stopped going out as much due to his issues, but still struggled due to the nature of his fame and the industry in which he works. ‘You meet so many damned people. And then you meet ’em again.’ Other famous people believed to have been officially diagnosed with prosopagnosia include comedian and writer Stephen Fry, anthropologist Jane Goodall and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak. Those with the condition have other strategies they use to cope with identifying people, which include the way they walk, their hairstyle, voice or clothing. However, meeting people in unfamiliar locations can complicate these tactics. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt’s daughter Shiloh, 16, has got the moves in LA dance class video MORE : Elon Musk ‘fathered twins with SpaceX executive weeks before daughter with Grimes was born’ 