Liza Minnelli was back with some pep in her step – and in fine voice – this weekend, as she treated LA concertgoers to a surprise singing performance after appearing at the Oscars in a wheelchair in March. The Cabaret star, who inherited her distinctive voice from her Hollywood legend mother, Judy Garland, joined long-time pal Michael Feinstein on stage at The Arboretum in Los Angeles on Saturday during his show. The Oscar-winner gave a stirring rendition of Gershwin classic Our Love Is Here to Stay. Michael is also a conductor but kept it strictly to singing for the one-off performance, receiving well -place help from his friend Liza – who is also the late Ira Gershwin’s goddaughter. In video footage captured by an attendee, Liza was seen delivering a confident performance while perched on a director’s chair in a glittering black jacket and red scarf. Her rendition – finished with her typical aplomb – was met with a standing ovation from its appreciative audience. Making herself comfortable on the chair, which she walked to with no wheelchair in sight, ahead of her duet, the 76-year-old reportedly told the crowd: ‘Oh, I’m so excited. I haven’t been up here in so long. I love you. Thank you for all the years of joy that you brought me.’ ‘Liza wanted to make an appearance and perform with Michael in celebration of his newly announced venture at Café Carlyle in NY,’ said an insider to Entertainment Weekly. ‘The two are the very best of friends and the audience could see their mutual affection shining through during their performance.’ It was friend Michael that revealed the original plan for Liza at the 2022 Oscars was to co-present the best picture award with Lady Gaga from a director’s chair – like she used on Saturday – rather than using a wheelchair. He said she had been left ‘flustered’ and ‘discombobulated’ when this changed at the last minute, as she had been vocal about not wanting viewers to ‘worry’ about her. ‘She was sabotaged. That’s a terrible word to use, but she only agreed to appear on the Oscars if she would be in the director’s chair, because she’s been having back trouble,’ he said on the Jess Cagle Show on SiriusXM, explaining that she had experienced back pains beforehand. Michael claimed that the slap drama between Will Smith and Chris Rock sparked chaos behind-the-scenes, and the plans changed ‘literally five minutes’ before Liza was due to present. ‘Liza pleaded,’ he went on. ‘She said, “No, I will not be seen in a wheelchair in front of everybody. I will not do this. I refuse to do this”. ‘Then they said, “Well, it’s either that or nothing.”’ Great American Songbook revivalist Michael said that he witnessed the exchange and asked his friend what she wanted to do, and she replied that she would appear – but was left ‘shaken’ from the encounter. ‘She was so shaken that she was discombobulated. She was nervous. I mean, and it made her look like she was out of it. And she was just so shaken up,’ he added. Liza presented the Oscar at the ceremony with Gaga – who called her a ‘true showbusiness legend’ – as a way of celebrating Cabaret’s 50th anniversary. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lady Gaga’s extravagant Chromatica Ball tour wardrobe ‘has own team of security guards’ MORE : Ioan Gruffudd files for joint custody of two daughters with Alice Evans amid bitter divorce 