A&E patients were forced to wait almost two whole days before seeing a doctor because of NHS and social care staff shortages. Those who went to the emergency unit at Royal Bolton Hospital late on Friday night faced record wait times. A sign put up at around 1am said: ‘There is currently a 40+ hour [wait] for a medical bed. There are six beds only left throughout the entire hospital. ‘We have no beds/cubicles in A&E due to no movement. If you are waiting for a ward, you will be in our waiting room for numerous hours. ‘If you require food, drink, medication or wish to leave, please go through to speak to medical staff.’ Patient Hamna Qureshi, 32, said someone sitting next to her was told he was going to be admitted but would have to wait more than 40 hours for a bed. When he asked if he could go home and return to the hospital the next morning, he was reportedly told: ‘It could be fatal to go home.’ Hamna did not need to be admitted to a bed but still sat in A&E for a total of 16 hours while she was treated and tested. Bolton NHS Foundation Trust, which runs the hospital said: ‘It is clear that the amount of time some people have to wait for care is not acceptable. ‘We continue to be very busy and our staff are working extremely hard to ensure all of our patients get the care they need safely, effectively and as quickly as possible.’ This is just one example of the intense strain the NHS is under. Patients trying to get emergency treatment at Warrington Hospital had to sleep on trolleys in A&E corridors for up to three days and two nights, ITV revealed. A paramedic has also spoken out about his ‘worst shift ever’ on Tuesday, when a patient was left waiting in an ambulance outside Stepping Hill Hospital, in Stockport, Greater Manchester, for six hours. Many reportedly waited for up to three hours before they were seen by a doctor that night. It took the hospital 20 minutes to treat someone on oxygen with severe sepsis, the paramedic said. ‘The NHS has collapsed and the Government doesn’t give a damn,’ he added. The paramedic explained how emergency rooms usually divert ambulances to other hospitals when it is particularly busy – on New Year’s Eve, for example. But on Tuesday, he was told all other hospitals in Greater Manchester were in the same position. He said: ‘Hospital staff are trying their best and most patients and families are understanding, but never in my life have I seen anything like it.’ Stepping Hill stressed that patients waiting in ambulances are closely monitored so they can ‘immediately’ be taken to hospital if they ‘significantly deteriorate’. The main reason the NHS is struggling to cope is because it is facing its ‘greatest workforce crisis in its history’. All departments are struggling with staff shortages, but the issue is particularly problematic in social care. People who are fit to go home are often unable to be discharged because there are not enough social care workers to facilitate this. The causes of the shortage are a combination of the pandemic, low pay and mass staff sickness due to exhaustion, anxiety, stress and depression. Both Stepping Hill and Royal Bolton made a point to encourage people to still make use of emergency services when needed. The Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: ‘We absolutely recognise the pressures ambulance services are facing – with call handlers answering nearly 900,000 emergency calls in June alone. ‘The NHS is providing enhanced monitoring and intensive support to the most challenged hospitals to free up A&E and ambulance crews, so we can get patients seen quickly and ambulances back on the road. ‘The NHS is investing £20 million in the ambulance fleet this year, alongside making £3.3 billion available to trusts to support them to discharge patients to wider care. The number of ambulance and support staff has also risen by almost 40% since April 2010. ‘The Health and Social Care Secretary recently met with ambulance trust Chief Executives and we continue to work closely with them to improve care for patients.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.