This is the disturbing moment a Metropolitan Police officer was filmed repeatedly punching a young black man in south-east London. Footage shared with Metro.co.uk by a neighbour shows the constable leaning on top of the man, launching ‘thick and heavy’ fist slams, while a second holds him down. But ‘no misconduct was identified’ after the video was reviewed by the Met’s Directorate of Professional Standards, along with footage from body-worn video cameras. Rachelle Henry who was working from home on Friday, was just getting out of the shower when she heard shouting outside her home near Beacon Lane, Lewisham. Looking out her window, she saw one of the officers ‘putting his knee either on the man’s neck of head’. Ms Henry grabbed her mobile and started filming as the second officer punched the detainee ‘five times either in the torso or the head’. Horrified, she yelled ‘What are you doing? Why are you punching him? I can see what you are doing’ before adding ‘I am recording you’. The 24-year-old rushed downstairs, wearing nothing but her dressing gown, to confront the police about what she alleges was a ‘racially motivated’ attack. ‘I had my phone in my hand and I was recording everything that was going on,’ she said. ‘As soon as I came downstairs, I saw the officer looking guilty. He told me I should go back inside and that I shouldn’t be down here. ‘He said he was going to arrest me on obstruction grounds and he kept telling me to shush numerous times. ‘Eventually, the young man was handcuffed and then he passed out on the floor. He was in and out of consciousness. ‘ More units were called to the scene and an ambulance, which was later cancelled as it was going to take too long to arrive. The Met said the two officers were initially responding to a report about a bike being stolen. They stopped the young black man and his friend – who is white – as they were potential suspects. But Ms Henry claimed the two were not treated the same and officers ‘abused their power’ when they handcuffed the black man but not his friend. ‘Both officers were on top of the black man, while the white man was standing on the side not knowing what to do,’ she said. ‘He kept shouting “please get off him, it’s his bike, the key is in his pocket”. ‘After all the checks, it turned out it was indeed his bike. This has been caught on camera but police are not accepting responsibility. ‘The public have said they will not rest until this is addressed. I even have people telling me they want to protest outside of Lewisham police station. ‘My neighbours are really taking this seriously, although the Met are not.’ Ms Henry launched a Change.org petition, calling for ‘justice for the young man’. Labour MP for Lewisham Deptford, Vicky Foxcroft, said she is ‘very concerned’ by the video that has now been circulating on social media. The politician confirmed she has raised an urgent enquiry with the Borough Commander of Lewisham Metropolitan Police Service. Other residents like Hannah Donovan are also threatening to stage a rally outside the local police station and then Scotland Yard to raise awareness. Ms Henry also made an official complaint to the force, alleging ‘use of force’. Her complainant report read: ‘The officer was rude shushing the complainant, threatened to arrest the complainant when she tried to intervene with a stop search/ investigation of an alleged crime in progress. ‘She was told to go back inside. This and the eventual number of all male officers made her feel intimidated.’ No further action will be taken after the review and the force confirmed the incident has not been referred to the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). A spokesperson for the Met said: ‘Officers were responding to information from the public about a bike being stolen and the two men were potential suspects. ‘One of the men appeared unwell and an ambulance was called by officers as a precaution. ‘Due to the expected wait time the ambulance was later cancelled. The man appeared well when officers left the scene. ‘Neither of the men who were stopped were arrested.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.