James Corden was left shaken after coming off his bike following a near collision with another cyclist in central London on Monday. The talk show host hit out at the fellow rider after he narrowly missed them when they cut across his path, reports claim. While James managed to swerve out of the way to avoid a crash, he just managed to miss hitting oncoming traffic on the street when he fell. In a video obtained by The Sun, the Gavin And Stacey star was seen picking up his rented Santander bike as his wife Julia, 46, made sure he was ok. ‘Corden was fuming,’ an onlooker told the publication. ‘This young cyclist just darted across the road and sent him flying. ‘It must have really taken him by surprise. He had no cuts or bruises but it must have hurt. ‘He ticked off the cyclist who said “sorry”. Everyone just stopped and stared when they realised who it was.’ The presenter was back in the UK after recently confirming that he will be stepping away from hosting The Late Late Show in 2023. Announcing his plans in a video, James – who has been living in LA – said: ‘Seven and a half years ago, I started hosting this show. And there is no other way to put it, it has changed my life. I love it. ‘I love all the people that work here. I am so proud of what we’ve achieved. It’s been beyond my wildest, wildest dreams. So I’m happy to announce today that I’ve signed a new contract, to carry on hosting The Late Late Show. ‘When I started this journey, it was always going to be just that. It was going to be a journey, an adventure. I never saw it as my final destination, you know? ‘And I never want this show to overstay its welcome in any way. I always want to love making it. And I really think in a year from now that will be a good time to move on and see what else might be out there.’ He continued: ‘We are all determined to make this the best year we have ever had making this show. We are going to go out with a bang. ‘There is going to be Carpools, and Crosswalks, and sketches and other surprises. ‘And there will be tears. There will be so many tears. Cause this has been the hardest decision I’ve ever had to make, it really has. ‘I’ve never taken this job for granted. Ever. Not once. And … the fact that you watch us at home. ‘Or you watch us online. Wherever you are, all over the world. The fact that we get to try and entertain you and spend time with you is an absolute privilege for me and every single person who makes this show.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted James’s rep for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 