Love Island star Gemma Owen appeared to make a dig at Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti during the latest episode – and it didn’t go unnoticed by viewers at home. Tonight saw Tasha Ghouri take a huge step in her relationship with Andrew Le Page, asking him to be her boyfriend by sending him on a treasure hunt around the villa with the help of her fellow islanders. Everyone in the house headed up to the terrace – but then had to quickly scarper when they realised that was one of the locations Andrew was instructed to visit with a clue left by Tasha. As Gemma crouched down in the bathroom, she remarked: ‘Why are they trying to f**king steal the show?’ before the camera then panned to Ekin-Su and Davide as they remained sat on the terrace, watching as Andrew read his latest note. Several viewers interpreted Gemma’s quip being about Ekin-Su and Davide, who were the only islanders left on the terrace when Andrew arrived. ‘Davide and Ekin-Su staying on the terrace. Gemma “why they trying to steal the show” dead right,’ one person tweeted, while another described her remark as a ‘snide comment’. ‘Gemma, Ekin-de are not trying to steal the show, they are they show,’ someone else pointed out. One fan expressed their view that Gemma was ‘bad-mouthing’ Ekin-Su, as another wrote about Ekin-Su: ‘Gemma: “Why are they trying to steal the show.” She is the ✨STAR✨.’ While some might have found Ekin-Su and Davide’s decision to stay on the terrace during Tasha’s letter trail odd when Andrew arrived, they ended up sharing a sweet interaction with him before he went on his way to the stop. Finally, he reunited with Tasha at the firepit, where she asked him to be her boyfriend, and he said yes. Tasha and Andrew haven’t had the smoothest of rides on Love Island, despite clearly harbouring strong feelings for each other. When Tasha was away in Casa Amor, Andrew became close to Coco Lodge in the main villa, while Tasha started to build a connection with Billy Brown. When they returned, Tasha soon found out about the sexual encounter Andrew and Coco had shared, while she revealed that she had kissed Billy. Despite the obstacles in their path, they came back together – but now they’re one of several islanders up for elimination, with the results being revealed tomorrow after tonight’s cliffhanger. Love Island returns tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page at risk of elimination minutes after making things official – Love Island episode 39 talking points MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish professes love for Gemma Owen after romantic date: ‘I’ve never been so sure’ 