Taylor Swift and Joe Alwyn have reportedly been ‘secretly engaged’ for months and are in the middle of planning their wedding. The Grammy award-winning musician, 32, and actor, 31, apparently got engaged some months ago but chose to keep it quiet, with Taylor only wearing her ring ‘behind closed doors.’ Speculation was rife in January of this year that the couple had got engaged while on a whirlwind trip to Cornwall, which they have previously described as a place very special to them. However neither commented on the rumours. Now a source has claimed to The Sun that the Seven singer and Conversations With Friends actor are engaged but have no plans to publicly announce it and have only confided in their ‘inner inner circle.’ They have told only ‘immediate family and trusted, very old friends,’ the source said, adding that ‘everyone has been sworn to secrecy’ and some of Taylor’s team do not even know about the engagement. The source went on to say that only a ‘handful’ of people know about the wedding plans, but the couple are ‘very, very in love,’ and Taylor wears her ‘beautiful ring’ when she’s at home. ‘They want their love to stay away from the cameras as much as possible,’ they said. ‘This is just for them. ‘And if and when they do exchange vows, there most definitely won’t be any Vogue, Rolling Stone or Hello! magazines there. It will be simple and elegant — like them.’ Taylor, who recently dropped a new song for the soundtrack of Where The Crawdads Sing, and Joe have been together for six years, first meeting in 2016. The couple are intensely private, making only a handful of red carpet appearances together and very rarely speaking about each other in interviews. In fact, the closest either got to responding to engagement rumours was Joe suggesting in April that ‘if the answer was yes, I wouldn’t say, and if the answer was no, I wouldn’t say.’ Explaining their decision to be private to British Vogue in 2018, Style singer Taylor said: ‘I’m aware people want to know about that side of things. I think we have been successfully very private, and that has now sunk in for people… but I really prefer to talk about work.’ Before meeting Joe, Taylor was involved in several high-profile relationships leading back to when she was a teenager, including with Taylor Lautner, Harry Styles, Jake Gyllenhall and John Mayer. Her last relationship before Joe was with Loki actor Tom Hiddleston; he too has now chosen to remain private about his relationships since the intense scrutiny placed on them by the public and media. The Marvel star became engaged to actress Zawe Ashton in March of this year, but waited several months before confirming the news publicly. Zawe revealed this week that she and Tom are expecting their first child together. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Taylor and Joe for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Taylor Swift condemns US Supreme Court’s controversial decision to overturn Roe v Wade: ‘I’m absolutely terrified’ MORE : Taylor Swift fans can’t cope after she drops drops new song for Where The Crawdads Sing soundtrack 