Ever got your hands on some makeup that’s so good, you’re actually kind of baffled? One beauty influencer has shared a video detailing a list of products that she thinks are so good, she says they ‘don’t make sense’. She also shared what the products look like on, as one by one, she applies each one to her face and sings their praises in the clip. Curious? Here’s exactly what she recommends and where you can get them in the UK… Steph Hui, who posts under the username stxph.h on TikTok, started the clip by recommending and demonstrating the efficacy of the Kosas Revealer Concealer. As she puts it on, she says: ‘It doesn’t make sense how this Kosas concealer can be so creamy and lightweight. ‘I don’t have to set it with powder, and it’s still not creasing.’ Price: £26 Get it from: Cult Beauty Then she applies some Huda Beauty Powder, saying what doesn’t make sense about it is how it can smooth your skin and hide your pores. ‘I swear, this stuff is magic’, Steph adds. Price: £31 Get it from: Boots Then she applies some Rare Beauty Soft Pinch Liquid Blush in a pink shade. Yes, she puts it on on top of the powder, pointing out that that doesn’t make sense is how it blends nicely without separating on top of it. Price: £19 Get it from: Space NK Apothecary London Her next product is a KVD Beauty Tattoo Pencil Liner, which she applies in a bold wing. As she rubs vigorously at one of her eyes, Steph says: ‘It doesn’t make sense how these KVD Beauty Tattoo Pencil Liners are this smudge proof.’ Colour us particularly impressed with that one because the colour does not budge. Price: £19 Get it from: Boots The second to last product in her video is Benefit Roller Lash mascara. Steph shows a quick cut from before and after application to show the impressive difference, saying what doesn’t make sense about it is how it can work so well without her having to use an eyelash curler. Price: £24.50 Get it from: Boots As the last step, Steph applies a plum-coloured lip stain and shows its staying power by repeatedly pressing her lips on a sheet of kitchen roll. ‘I don’t understand how these Fenty Popsicle Lip Stains can stain my lips this evenly with this much pigment,’ she says, ‘and be completely transfer-proof, baby.’ Price: £17 Get it from: Boots This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : The Hot List: Beauty buys from Harry Styles’ nail polish to vegan skincare MORE : This beauty hack will instantly volumise your lashes MORE : Ariana Grande’s r.e.m. beauty to launch at Selfridges next month