It looks like Jacques O’Neill’s head could be turned during tomorrow’s Love Island as he was seen leaning in for a kiss with Cheyanne Kerr. Before heading to Casa Amor, paramedic Paige was recently getting to know Jay Younger, however, she put an end to that connection in order to focus on rugby player Jacques. Paige has been open about not being able to give less than 100% in a relationship, and fans couldn’t see her head turning for any of the new guys after friend zoning islander Billy Brown. But Jacques on the other hand, is using this opportunity to ‘test’ his connection with Paige, by cracking on with someone else. In tomorrow’s night’s teaser, the 23-year-old is seen on the terrace (which has turned into the go-to makeout spot) getting close to bombshell Cheyanne. And unsurprised fans knew it was only a matter of time. ‘Jacques really asked Paige how many times she’d been cheated on so he could hurt her again,’ one person tweeted. ‘So sad to hear paige say surely it couldn’t all be a lie meanwhile jacques is in the next villa making moves,’ another added. Elsewhere tonight, Samuel Agbiji told Paige exactly how Jacques has been coming across to viewers, and he wasn’t kind to put it lightly. ‘He’s quite a cheeky chappy guy,’ he said. ‘What I also believe is quite clear is you [Paige] like him more than he likes you, just an observation. ‘It’s not just that alone, but he’s aware of it which is why in a sense, he has had power in different ways in the relationship that you may not have realised.’ He continued: ‘He’s disrespected you in some arguments that he shouldn’t have done.’ Clearly upset with Samuel’s observations, she vented her frustrations to Gemma Owen and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. ‘It’s rattled me I’m not going to lie,’ she said. ‘It’s still s*** to hear, and now I’ve got to wait here. I’ve let myself be a mug all over again, I can’t do it.’ Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Gemma Owen reminds me of myself on the show’: Amber Gill talks Love Island 2022 cast and ‘subconscious’ link to debut novel MORE : Love Island’s Amber Gill on sacrificing her love life for debut novel Until I Met You and representation in romance books 