A retired pig farmer who murdered his wife and dumped her body in a septic tank 40 years ago has been ordered to serve life with a minimum term of 18 years. David Venables, 89, will have to reach the age of 107 before he can even apply for parole after he killed Brenda Venables in 1982. He showed no emotion in the dock today, or when he was found guilty by a 10-2 majority verdict last week. But he was heard shouting ‘no’ repeatedly after he was taken towards the cells following sentencing. The pensioner had rekindled a long-standing affair shortly before killing his wife at their farmhouse while she was recuperating with an injured leg and suffering from depression. High Court Judge Mrs Justice Tipples told him: ‘I am sure you killed Brenda Venables to remove her from your life and the complications she may have presented to you in any divorce proceedings. ‘There is no doubt an element of greed and selfishness.’ Mrs Venables’s skull and other bones were discovered during work to empty the underground chamber on July 12, 2019, six years after Venables had sold the property for more than £460,000. Her husband had tried to blame Fred West, saying the serial killer had links to the Worcestershire village of Kempsey where she vanished in May 1982. His legal team also insisted she may have ‘either killed herself or met with or encountered someone who wished her harm’. The heartbroken family of Mrs Venables said they would never forgive Venables, who was ‘the very person who should have loved and protected her’. ‘Brenda’s disappearance was devastating for her parents who were in their 80s’, a joint victim impact statement added. ‘Brenda was their main carer, shopping and looking after them, so the impact on them was both emotional and practical. ‘They just couldn’t understand how Brenda could simply disappear. Her father Harold longed for her return and never gave up hope. He died heartbroken two-and-a-half years later.’ Passing sentence at Worcester Crown Court on Wednesday, Mrs Justice Tipples  told the killer he was responsible for many aspects of his wife’s mental illness. ‘You were Brenda’s husband and she should have been able to trust you’, she said. ‘Your complete lack of respect for Brenda is obvious from your decision to dispose of her body in the septic tank. ‘The fact that is what you did with her body is disgusting and repulsive.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.