Russia claims it has captured the Luhansk region of Ukraine in its entirety. If confirmed by Kyiv, the development would mark a symbolic milestone in the Kremlin’s campaign to annex the east of the country. Luhansk makes up one half of the Donbas region, the traditionally Russian-speaking part of Ukraine that Vladimir Putin claims he is fighting to ‘liberate’. Fierce battles have been raging across the oblast for months, with the fate of the area coming down to the battle for Lysychansk. Ukrainian soldiers had reportedly started to pull out of the last remaining town under their control in recent days under brutal bombardment from invading troops. Defence minister Sergei Shoigu told Mr Putin the oblast has been ‘liberated’ by Kremlin and separatist forces, the defence ministry claimed. The Ukrainian government has not confirmed the news but officials have previously warned the situation there is perilous. Its governor Serhiy Haidai wrote on Telegram this morning: ‘The occupiers threw all their forces on Lysychansk. ‘They attacked the city with incomprehensibly cruel tactics. ‘They suffer significant losses, but stubbornly advance. They are gaining a foothold in the city.’ Russian authorities prematurely declared they had captured Mariupol while Ukrainian resistance continued in the Azovstal steel plant. It’s unclear whether or not pockets of Ukrainian soldiers remains around the city of Lysychansk or if a full withdrawal has been ordered. Russia’s armies and proxy forces have been making steady progress in the east of the country since abandoning efforts to take Kyiv. If Luhansk has indeed fallen, the entirety of its depleted war machine will now be focussed on capturing the other half of the Donbas, the Donetsk oblast. Forces loyal to the Kremlin have held some of the area since 2014, with around half now under their control following gains since the February 24 operation began. Taking Lysychansk opens a Western route into Donetsk, with the city of Slovyansk likely to be the next major target. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.