Love Island is about to get very awkward as Paige Thorne wants to reunite with Jacques O’Neill who has kissed newcomer Cheyanne Kerr on the terrace ahead of the explosive Casa Amor recoupling. In tonight’s episode, Jacques, 23, cosies up to Cheyanna, 23, in the main villa, after the six original girls and guys split off and welcomed 12 new bombshells. A teaser of tonight’s episode sees Jacques go a step further with his new love interest as he reassures Cheyanne that he isn’t interested in anyone else. As Jacques and Cheyanne head up to the terrace, she begins to ask him how his chat with Mollie Salmon went earlier in the night. Jacques echoed: ‘How did my chat go?’ before he puts his arm around Cheyanne he says: ‘Aww are you getting cosy now I only want you.’ He goes on to explain Mollie has told him she only sees him as a good friend, nothing romantic and that the feeling is mutual. Jacques then declares: ‘I told you I only wanna get to know you’ as he leans in to share a kiss with Cheyanne. As things heat up in Casa Amor, where will this budding romance leave Paige and Jacques? Paige’s friends on Love Island: Aftersun on Sunday were quick to call out Jacques for his treatment of the paramedic. Paige’s pal, Morgan, urged her to also consider new options as she told Laura Whitmore: ‘I think she should explore anything she wants to explore, I mean Jacques is clearly doing it.’ Fans agreed as they rushed to Twitter and shared her outrage. One penned: ‘I’m still fuming with “Paige who?” from Jacques, am I surprised? No, not at all but STILL #LoveIsland.’ Another agreed: ‘The way Jacques went from “oh how I miss this girl” to “paige who???” in a second #LoveIsland.’ However, it’s not the only shocking twist on tonight’s episode, as both villas receive texts to tell them that another recoupling is imminent. The islanders will then have to decide if they want to stay with their original couple or change. While the stars all have mixed reactions to the news, Paige is sadly ‘excited’ about the opportunity to be reunite with Jacques… even though he’s now with someone else. ‘I am one of those people that is a glass half full, I am actually really excited to go back just so I can see Jacques again,’ she told her co-stars. Dami Hope, who has also kissed a new bombshell in the villa despite his seemingly strong partnership with Indiyah Polack, admitted he was scared and said: ‘My head’s fried, scrambled, whatever way you like your eggs. That’s the way my head is right now. I’m scared.’ Love Island continues every night at 9pm on ITV2. MORE : Molly-Mae Hague is speaking for the nation as she calls out Love Islanders’ ‘wild behaviour’ during Casa Amor MORE : Love Island star Joshua Ritchie genuinely rules out dating an OnlyFans creator – despite being one himself Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 