If there was any time to get colourful with your clothing and spoily with your skincare, it’s summer. Good news for you: the shelves are dripping with incredible beauty products right now, and we’ve rounded all the best ones up for you. So whether you’re wanting to go ethical with some vegan products, or you just really fancy some new shampoo, we have all the advice to make you shine like the  sun that you are. Heist has produced the only thing you’ll want to wear all summer: a collection of ribbed crop tops, leggings and bike shorts in three awesome colours. Made using the same great seamless technology as the brand’s hero tights, the ribbed collection uses 95% recycled materials and low- to zero-waste construction methods. Buy for £38 from Heist Studios. Harry Styles’ beauty foray Pleasing is back with its third micro collection taking timely inspiration from ‘the hot holiday’. Expect four new shades of biodegradable 12-free (meaning free from 12 toxins) nail polish alongside two new hydrating body products – The Pleasing Everybody Oil and The Pleasing Spritz, infused with Roman chamomile and evening primrose. From £16 from Pleasing. Idris and Sabrina Elba’s S’Able Labs has created three genderless vegan skincare products featuring responsibly sourced ingredients from smallholder farmers worldwide. There’s a Black Seed toner, a Baobab moisturiser and a Qasil cleanser, a Somalian beauty staple. Buy for £28 from S’Able labs. Lush has created a game-changing solid Naked Mascara, which uses butters and waxes, and requires no plastic packaging. Available in four shades, organic cocoa butter conditions lashes and illipe and cupuaçu butters soften them. Simply wet the wand, place in mascara and rotate to pick-up colour. After use, leave the brush and solid mascara to dry separately. Buy for £10 from Lush. Bleach London’s cult favourite Reincarnation Mask has got company. Enter a bond-building Reincarnation shampoo and conditioner duo, formulated with powerful bond-restoring technology to improve hair with every wash. Suitable for all hair types, it’s ideal for transforming dry or coloured hair into smooth, glossy, gorgeous locks. Buy for £12 each from Bleach London. The impossibly youthful-looking Pharrell Williams has entered the suncare game with two refillable sunscreens – The Ozone Face Protection Daily Moisturiser and Ozone Body Protection Cream – that aim to stress the importance of use for people of all skin tones. Both SPF 30 and broad-spectrum mineral-based formulations, the products have been designed with Williams’ dermatologist of over 20 years. Buy it from Humanrace. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This beauty hack will instantly volumise your lashes MORE : How to style your hair to keep cool in the heat MORE : Sell-out £35 eye serum that beauty fans claim makes you look 10 years younger on sale – with 30% off