People plan weddings months if not years in advance, so there’s a lot of educated guesswork that goes into accounting for the weather on the big day. Even so, odds are you probably won’t factor in plans for a heatwave, much less one which could see the hottest temperature ever recorded in the UK. The problem with exceptionally hot weather in the UK is that the nation’s infrastructure isn’t really built to cope with it – among other things, air conditioning is not a staple, so it’s hard to escape from the heat once it ramps up. Even so, there are things you can do to make the heatwave a little more bearable for your guests and wedding party. We’ve put together tips from Tracey Heyes, a wedding co-ordinator at Stoke Place Hotel in Buckinghamshire, and Lisa Forde, founder of wedding stationery company Tree of Hearts who’s been in the marriage business for nearly two decades, has put together some of her top tips… Add cooling party favours There are plenty of last-minute things you can buy to help your guests feel more comfortable. ‘If it’s a scorcher,’ says Lisa, ‘you don’t want your guests to be uncomfortable during the ceremony – especially if it’s outdoors! Why not give out parasols, hand fans and bottles of water to guests on arrival? That way they’ll enjoy the service without melting away. ‘Following the ceremony, why not swap your prosecco for a choice of ice creams? Or add ice lollies to your “Pimp your Prosecco” stand? They’re tasty and cooling.’ ‘Someone’s bound to have forgotten their sun cream, maybe have some dotted around the venue or task one of the ushers to go round and check if anyone needs any – this gets people talking and will result in a few laughs.’ Keep the non-alcoholic drinks flowing It’s very easy to get dehydrated in the heat, and that goes double when people are drinking booze. Tracey says: ‘While it’s a firm favourite to have a fantastic drinks reception for your guests on arrival and after the ceremony often including fizz and beer, on a hot day alcohol is likely going to dehydrate you further. ‘In addition to these drinks, perhaps organise additional non-alcoholic options such as hydrating mocktails that still look great when snapped by attendees. We find lovely summer cocktails and iced coffees go down a treat.’ Ask the venue for help Don’t forget that you don’t have to sort out all your wedding problems by yourself. Lisa says: ‘Speak to your venue ahead of the day and see if there is shade available, if not directly where the ceremony will be held, is there some shade guests can wait in until five minutes before the service starts? There’s nothing worse than cooking in the sun for half an hour while waiting for all the guests to arrive. ‘If your venue has the option to move the ceremony indoors, maybe talk to your partner and have a think about this new option. If it’s air-conditioned it might be a nicer experience.’ ‘If you’re getting married outside this summer,’ says Tracey, ‘it’s likely your guests are going to be in direct sunshine for long periods of the day. Most importantly for vulnerable guests such as children and the elderly, it’s a good idea to speak to your venue and wedding coordinator in advance to discuss providing shade such as gazebos or parasols for some temporary relief from the heat. ‘Depending on your venue, you might not have access to a lot of outdoor space therefore it’s important to chat to them about ventilation for the location of your ceremony and reception. They will be able to provide you with various options such as which windows and doors you can keep open or what fans can be used to keep you and your guests at a nice temperature throughout the day.’ Don’t forget bug repellant The last thing you want are creepy crawlies harassing you and your guests. ‘With heat generally comes flies and mosquitos,’ says Lisa, ‘so grab some mosquito-repelling candles to avoid having these guys buzzing around all night.’ Plan ahead with your beauty team If you’ve got pros to help you with your makeup and hair, make use of them. ‘Lisa says: ‘Speak to your make up artist ahead of time and seek advice from them on ensuring your make up lasts all day despite the heat. They are experts and will be able to calm your nerves. ‘Maybe consider an up-do or a hairstyle with hair off the face for the bride and bridesmaids, there’s nothing worse than hair around your neck and back when sweating in the sun.’ Chat to the photographer Another expert opinion worth utilising ahead of time is that of the photographer. Tracey says: ‘By the time your wedding day comes around, it’s likely that you’ve already chatted through your photography brief with your photographer however, on days with unexpected sunshine and heat, speak with them to make a plan to get the best shots. ‘Shooting in direct sunlight can not only be difficult for editing but will be uncomfortable for your wedding party. Your photographer will be able to provide guidance on when and where is best for your photographs to be captured, taking the time of day into consideration.’ Have cooling props nearby There are some quick fixes for cooling down that you can have your nearest and dearest help you with. ‘Regularly run cold water over your wrists when you feel yourself getting hot,’ recommends Lisa, ‘or have a cold flannel nearby at all times to do the same thing. It’s a quick way to cool the whole body down.’ Check on staff and suppliers too You and your guests aren’t the only ones who need seeing to in this kind of extreme weather. ‘It can be easy to forget that your suppliers will also be braving the heat on your big day, which can be uncomfortable when working hard to make sure everything is perfect for you,’ Tracey says. ‘You could designate a member of your wedding party or speak to your wedding coordinator to ensure someone is checking in on your suppliers every so often to make sure they are hydrated or if they need a short rest – they’ll really appreciate it.’ If you have time, amend the wardrobe Suits and heels are simply not summer-friendly, but there are some swaps you can make at short notice. ‘Wearing a suit is going to be pretty uncomfortable for the men at your wedding,’ Lisa points out. ‘The groomsmen could wear half-lined suits and lighter cotton shirts – they look the same but will keep them cooler on the big day. ‘Consider bringing flats or flip flops to change into, high heels can get even more uncomfortable when temperatures rise.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How to have a wedding day that’s actually relaxing and fun MORE : Couples marry in huge ‘re-wedding’ ceremony after Covid destroyed first plans MORE : Dog died on owners’ wedding day ‘when kennels forgot about her in a van’