Lawyers for Britney Spears have once again urged a US judge to dismiss her father’s request that she sit for questioning, amid the ongoing legal battle following the termination of her controversial conservatorship. Representatives for the pop star said that recent legal filings by Jamie Spears demonstrated ‘his intent to harass, harm, and re-traumatise’ his daughter and accused him of sinking to ‘a new low’. It comes as Judge Brenda Penny is due to make a decision in the matter on Wednesday. Judge Penny recently ordered that Jamie himself be deposed, and face questions about alleged surveillance of the singer at her home – which he denies. The recently married Britney’s lawyers previously said that the move to have her face a deposition was ‘retaliatory’. In new documents, filed on Tuesday and obtained by the PA news agency, lawyers said there had been ‘numerous misrepresentations of fact and law’ in Mr Spears’ previous requests to the court. ‘Mr Spears’ has sunk to a new low by presenting the Court with misleading ‘exhibits’ containing Ms Spears’s private and confidential, sealed information,’ the documents stated. ‘Mr Spears’s most recent filing further demonstrates his intent to harass, harm, and re-traumatise Britney Spears. ‘As we have discussed, any deposition at all, even (or especially) with the so-called ‘options’ urged by Mr. Spears (i.e., a ‘referee,’ which would be improper) would, in and of itself be harassing and re-traumatise Ms Spears. ‘For the foregoing reasons and those in the record, we respectfully submit that this court must adopt its tentative ruling denying Mr Spears’s motion to compel Ms Spears’s deposition.’ Britney’s conservatorship rule was lifted last November after almost 14 years, allowing her to regain control over her personal and financial decisions. The Toxic star had been placed under a conservatorship in 2008 following a public breakdown the year before, with Jamie acting as conservator for the majority of its duration. The music icon, who was recently all of us in her excitement as she met Taron Egerton, is reported to have recently recorded a duet with Sir Elton John. They are said to have worked on a new version of his 1971 classic song, Tiny Dancer with producer Andrew Watt at a Beverly Hills recording studio last week, which reports say is likely to be released by Universal Music next month. Metro.co.uk has contacted Jamie’s lawyer for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brendan Fraser reveals extreme transformation as 600lb recluse in The Whale after teasing dramatic comeback role MORE : The Crown’s producers ‘have plan’ for the Queen’s death: ‘We have our own version of Operation London Bridge’ 