Upset stomachs are a very common problem for dogs across the country. And they are a nightmare for owners, too. Dog diarrhoea is one of the most common reasons UK dog owners take their dogs to the vets – with the average cost of doing so being hundreds of pounds. This means that if an upset tummy is a recurring problem for your dog, you could be spending much more than you need to. So when we came across a new product which promises to ease stomach troubles for our pooches, we were instantly intrigued. Dog supplement experts Buddy & Lola have created a fast acting, easy-to-give formula that fixes sensitive stomachs in no time. Called Super Tummy Instant, the breakthrough product is a liquid which stops runny poop and firms up stools fast using 100% natural ingredients. A three-ingredient formula, Super Tummy Instant works in harmony with your dog’s gut lining to soothe, protect and relieve the symptoms of discomfort and reduce any unwanted smells. With the combined power of natural, toxin-absorbing prebiotic clays that bind and remove ‘the nasties,’ the stool becomes firm. The added electrolytes are a game-changer – as any owner knows that liquid poop means rapid dehydration for your dog. However, this product aims to rehydrate instantly. Vet-approved, this high-strength product is packed with gut supporting ingredients meaning your dog’s stomach will remain healthy in the long-term. It seems the product is popular among a large number of dog owners as it has currently received more than 4,000 five-star reviews. One reviewer said of the product: ‘I have a 15-year-old dog who suffers from tummy aches. ‘Within about 20 mins of giving him this, he’s back to his normal happy self. I wouldn’t be without a bottle, absolute lifesaver.’ A 250ml bottle costs £33.97 and every supplement you buy raises money to help Doris Banham Dog Rescue. The organisation rescues the dogs that no one else will save from certain death – regardless of their age, medical history or behavioural problems. As if you didn’t need another to purchase this immediately. You can purchase Super Tummy Instant here. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Very good dogs steal our hearts as they join the party at London Pride MORE : Couple who thought they lost their dog find him trapped in a rabbit hole in their garden MORE : Meet Nora, the earless cat who became a social media star