One for golfing fans. Property-hunters can now potentially buy a flat overlooking the 18th hole at the Old Course at St Andrews Links – if they can spare £1.75 million. In other words, the flat has a view of the final hole at the prestigious golf course in Scotland. The duplex property has come on the market at the same time as the 150th anniversary of the Open being held in the historic town. The 2,000 sq ft. Victorian building also has a view of the iconic Swilcan Bridge. Living here is described as a ‘once in a lifetime opportunity’ to own a home with ‘one of the most exclusive views in the world’. The period property features two large reception rooms, a lounge with golf course views, two double bedrooms, a study or third bedroom, two bathrooms, a small private front garden and a wine cellar. Peter Ryder, managing director of Thorntons estate agents, said: ‘Spacious and highly flexible it would make a remarkable home for a diverse range of homeowners, from a growing family to downsizers seeking to enjoy a relaxed pace of life, with access to the finest golfing and of course St Andrews’ beautiful beach which is just a few minutes’ walk away. ‘This remarkable property has come on to the market with just a week to go until the 150th Open gets underway at St Andrews. ‘Priced at £1.75m, we expect it to catch the eye of select spectators – and golfers – who want to own a unique slice of golf history.’ As well as golf history, St Andrews is known for the university and scenic beach. Characterised by narrow cobbled streets and beautiful architecture, the town centre has a mix of cafes and shops, as well as the tourist attractions of the 12th and 13th-century ruins of St Andrews Cathedral and St Andrews Castle, plus the St Andrews Botanic Garden. Golf fans are likely to move fast on this one. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : Friends struggling to get on the property ladder convert old bus into a luxury camper van home MORE : Couple transform rot-infested house for £6,000, adding £50,000 to property value