Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash’s wedding is right around the corner and it all feels very real now! The adorable couple are set to tie the knot this month at their beloved Pickle Cottage, with all of their children present. Their special day was initially postponed due to the pandemic and later after Stacey became pregnant with first daughter Rose, as the parents wanted all their kids to be there to see them walk down the aisle. But, the time has finally come and the Loose Women panellist is gearing up for her hen do Stacey has enjoyed some pampering this week, getting her nails done and fake tanning in preparation for the fun night, opting for a pretty pale pink nail design with white beads. As for the wedding itself, in true Stacey style, she’s done a lot of the decorations herself, since she’s no stranger to a bit of DIY and frequently shares photos of the renovations she’s made at home. Keeping her fans in the loop and bringing them along every step of the way, the former X Factor star offered as sneak peek on her Instagram Story. The couple’s garden was already gorgeous, but they’ve now added some beautiful flowers, with Stacey writing: ‘Spent the morning putting some hanging baskets up on the lampposts for the wedding and hopefully they’ll be even more trailing and beautiful after a few weeks of love.’ She jokingly added: ‘Ignore my skunk hair, I had to test a patch before I change it for the wedding.’ Stacey currently has vibrant red locks, so we can’t wait to see what style she goes for on her big day! That isn’t all she’s been up to, as she recently unveiled the incredible makeover on her front door after transforming it with flowers and lanterns. The area is covered with a flower arch featuring dozens of white roses, and a ‘Mr & Mrs’ sign has been attached to the front door. The flowers spill out onto the pavement and a series of mini-white lanterns have been placed across the concrete steps. The Essex gal also shared what her something old, new, borrowed, and blue will be, writing on Insta: ‘Something old – the horseshoes we found in pickle cottage when we moved in. Something new – the Mr & Mrs sign. Something borrowed – @emlouflowers leant me some of her beautiful white Roses and eucalyptus. Something blue – the sky as we finished it.’ Stacey and Joe met on the set of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! moments after she was crowned the winner of the 2010 series. As well as daughter Rose – who was born on Stacey’s birthday last year – she and Joe share a son called Rex, who was born in 2019, while Stacey has two older sons and is step-mum to Joe’s son from a previous relationship. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Jack Keating’s mother addresses cruel comments from trolls on social media since Casa Amor debut MORE : Katy Perry called out over Roe v Wade post amid Rick Caruso support: ‘Sit this one out’ 