Wimbledon continues, which means the celeb arrivals do too, with the likes of Sir Cliff Richard, Lorraine Kelly, and Stephen Fry amongst those scrubbing up nicely for today’s matches. For day eight of the tournament on the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club, the stars donned their glad rags in what was Sir Cliff’s first appearance following his surprise performance on the court last week. The singer left fans ‘cringing’ after belting out a rendition of his track Summer Holiday from the stands, with some viewers saying the events had taken a ‘strange turn’. ‘Always wanted go to Wimbledon but genuinely terrified it would be when Cliff Richard was doing acapella again. Not worth the risk,’ one person tweeted following the performance, which was part of Wimbledon’s 100-year celebrations. But, it seems Sir Cliff refuses to let the haters rain on his parade, as he arrived on Monday with a beaming smile on his face, ready to watch the action unfold. The 81-year-old defied his years in a super cool snakeskin jacket, which he pared with a striped grey shirt and black trousers. He also wore a red rose on his lapel, waving joyously to cameras while heading to his seat. Also in attendance was ITV presenter Lorraine, who looked radiant in a blue and white summer dress. The Scottish daytime TV icon was all smiles in her floaty frock, which had a playful lemon print around the hem. Joining them was actor Stephen, who was his usual adorable self in a tan three-piece suit, teamed with a blue shirt and fun tie. But that wasn’t all, with the likes of Camilla Kerslake cutting a glam figure in a white lace shirt dress while posing with her husband Chris Robshaw. Meanwhile, former EastEnders actress Jessica Plummer nailed the summer chic vibe in a floral mini dress and brown suede cowboy boots. There were plenty of couples on the grounds today, with BBC broadcaster Melvyn Bragg looking sharp upon arriving with his wife of three years Gabriel Clare-Hunt, while award-winning actor Mark Rylance attended with composer partner Claire van Kampen. Last but never least we had Max Harwood, star of the hit musical Everybody’s Talking About Jamie. He looked super sophisticated in a pinstriped shirt and tie, with a cream sweater vest over the top. The eighth day of the tennis tournament will see Nick Kyrgios back on the court after his win over Stefanos Tsitsipa on Saturday. Australian player Kyrgios now goes head-to-head with Brandon Nakashima as they battle it out for a spot in the quarter-finals. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island host Laura Whitmore reveals agonising behind the scenes secret from Casa Amor recoupling MORE : R Kelly sues prison for placing him on suicide watch for ‘punitive reasons’, alleges lawyer 