Thousands gathered to march in a Pride protest and celebration dedicated specifically to fighting for transgender rights in the UK. London’s official Pride march took place on July 2, when a record 1.5 million people showed up, walked and partied into the early hours of the next morning. But last Saturday saw more than 20,000 people, also a record-breaking number, take a stand for trans people specifically in the fourth-ever march of its kind. People met at Wellington Arch, in Hyde Park Corner, and made their way through the capital. This year’s slogan was: ‘Pride is a protest’. Some made a point about trans people being included in the LGBTQ+ community, with signs reading: ‘There is no LGB without the T’. Other posters pointed to one of the main issues activists are currently tackling – getting trans conversion therapy banned. Placards read: ‘Ban conversion therapy now’, ‘protect trans children’ and ‘trans kids are a blessing, conversion therapy is child abuse’. Conversion therapy is when communities or institutions try to ‘cure’ LGBTQ+ people. The methods vary widely, with some of the so-called therapies involving psychotherapy or medical practices. People who have been subjected to conversion therapy have also reported being electrocuted. The Government has long been promising to outlaw conversion therapy but decided to exclude trans people from the ban in April. Organisers of London Trans+ Pride said: ‘On Trans Day of Visibility the UK government announced it would move ahead with banning conversion therapy for homosexuals, but not for trans people: the irony is not lost on us, this is an abhorrent and deliberate attack… ‘The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) is actively damaging human rights for trans people. We deserve better. ‘London Trans Pride is calling for the EHRC to be abolished. We march to demand the legal recognition of non-binary, intersex and gender nonconforming people.’ This year’s march made a clear effort to include disabled people as social media pages provided extensive information about accessibility. Organisers made sure there were different meeting places for people who were worried about getting stuck in the middle of the crowd or left behind. There were also stewards handing out earplugs for anyone who had sensory issues. The whole march was made wheelchair and walker-friendly. Heartstopper actress Yasmin Finney was one of the celebrities who attended. The Netflix star gave a powerful speech when she said: ‘If the Government is trying to eradicate us, we’re all here, and we’re just duplicating, look at how many of us there are.’ She then made a jibe at Boris Johnson, who resigned last week, saying: ‘Boris, bye! Bye!’ London Trans Pride posted photos of the celebration yesterday saying: ‘Words can not describe the love, rage and solidarity we all felt. It was truly magical and inspiring. ‘The road to equality is a long and hard one but we will get there.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 