It’s Leo season – time to party and show off. Leo season begins July 22, and with it comes all the things we associate with Leos – sex, passion, romance, showing off, self promotion, confidence, fun, joy, warmth, adventure, and travel. It’s bound to be a good time, right? But how can you make the most of this happy, bright period? And what delights will Leo season bring your way? Tarot and astrology team up to reveal all, with a special Leo season tarotscope for all the signs ahead… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for Leo season: The Moon Meaning: A mysterious and shadowy admirer comes into view this Leo season and this person has the potential to change everything. Get ready to have your world rocked! So, The Moon in about mystery and illusion and secrets. Given the Leo season vibe, I suspect this is to do with romance but it could be a promotion or expansion opportunity in your career too. You have no idea right now who or what this is. All will be revealed, probably before the month is out. Look out for Water signs; Pisces, Cancer, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for Leo season: Strength Meaning: You are typically quietly confident, underpinned by a stoic sense of self worth and being in the right. This Leo season, the Strength card helps you raise the bar on your confidence level to ‘full of it’. This is a good thing. You feel strong, show-y, magnetic, charismatic, powerful, wise, brave… Don’t waste this energy, put it to good use and go after a heartfelt desire of yours, because you’re unstoppable right now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for Leo season: Page of Coins Meaning: You are a mental, cerebral, intellectual creature and so many of your greatest adventures happen in and around your mind and imagination. You’re a visionary, a creator, and a maker of stories and art. This Leo season you create a new idea, pitch, piece of artwork, or project that has potential to make a lot of money. The Page of Coins sees you embarking on a new enterprise with massive potential. Have faith, my friend. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for Leo season: Five of Cups Meaning: If ever there was a moment in time to let go and release any and all dead weight, dead wood, old baggage, unhappy memories, and half-healed wounds… it is now. The Five of Cups shows you can turn your face from your past to your future and find true happiness. There’s nothing to be had in raking over the fading coals of the past. Look forwards. Put in magical things you can’t wait to do this August. Make your calendar brim with excitement. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for Leo season: Death Meaning: It’s your season so I hope you’re ready to step up and shine like the super star you truly are, Leo! The Death card shows you’ll undergo a major transformation (for the better) this month ahead. Perhaps a makeover, a new outlook, a career revamp, a house upgrade, a love life new look. Something new is coming and you need to be ready and open-minded to spot the signs of change and amplify them. Don’t be scared, this is all for your own best interests and self promotion. We all live and learn. We all evolve. You’re about to make a bold leap in personal development and circumstance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for Leo season: Six of Wands Meaning: High five, Virgo, it’s your time to glow and attract new opportunity and success. Do more of what you’re already doing. Build on your successes. Leap from the platform you’re currently stood upon. The Six of Wands gifts you with a Midas touch right now, stemming from the success and achievements you’ve already had in 2022. Celebrate them in order to attract more. Appreciate your progress and reward yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for Leo season: Seven of Coins Meaning: The Seven of Coins brings you the confidence and clarity to recognize what you want to step away from this Leo season, in order to create space and time to fulfil a new desire or endeavour. You need to make room, but you hate losing or letting go of anything. You’re a bit of a hoarder. Well, this Leo season will sweep away those doubts and help you see clearly what has to go and is overdue a refresh. This will feel empowering. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for Leo season: Ace of Cups Meaning: A new romance is on the cards, Scorpio, and it’s going to be hot. Ace of Cups is all about being swept off your feet, overwhelmed and overjoyed by someone who re-affirms your lust for life. They could be a Water sign like you – Pisces, Cancer or Scorpio. They are passionate, creative, empathetic, caring, and loyal. If you’re happily attached, know that this could point to a rekindling of the flames of that love too. Happy, blissful days (and nights…) ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for Leo season: Ten of Coins Meaning: Health, wealth and happiness – and time to enjoy them. That blessing is what lies on the cards for you this Leo season. The Ten of Coins sees many of the irons you have had in various fires coming to boiling point and being ready to manifest, reap, and maximise. Good habits and wise investments are yielding their results now, and it makes you feel successful and confident. It makes you want to do more of the same… I think you should! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for Leo season: King of Wands Meaning: You are ready to go on a big adventure, Cap. That could mean a literal holiday or journey, or maybe a home move, or a career twist. Something exciting and challenging that gets your blood pumping again. The King of Wands sees you playing a risky hand, taking a chance, playing to win, being bold… and being successful. Luck is on your side right now, Cap, so play that dicey hand for all its worth. This gamble will pay off. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for Leo season: Seven of Cups Meaning: Being out and about and socialising with people brings new stimulus and opportunity into your world, which wakes up your vast imagination. The Seven of Cups sees you firing on all creative cylinders this Leo season. Your ideas are magical, innovative and powerful. I think you could be on the brink of inventing something amazing. Write everything down. Don’t waste this golden flow of imagination and innovation. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for Leo season: Six of Cups Meaning: A beautiful reunion or rekindling of an old friendship, family tie or romance will lift your spirits and make everything feel hunky dory this Leo season. You are feeling nostalgic and maybe that energy is acting as a beacon to draw in a person from your past. This will be a happy arrival, filled with affection, healing, good memories and hopeful expectations for what might lie ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Cancer star sign MORE : Planetary and astrological baby names are the latest trend – here are the best