In 2023, you can make your annual leave stretch further. We’re only in July, but some of us will be struggling already with our remaining holiday entitlement for this year – trying to make the best of our handful of days left. Using most of your annual leave up in the summer is a mistake that’s easy to make, but it can affect your wellbeing later on in the colder months. You can avoid this next year, according to Unearth PR, who say using 19 days throughout the year gets you a total of 47 days off (if you typically work 9am-5pm, Monday to Friday, that is). Here’s how to do it (and the dates to book off). Start by taking four days off prior to Good Friday and Easter Monday for a full ten-day break.  Taking these four days off after the Early May Bank Holiday will give you nine whole days to relax.  Having two days off at the end of May, after the Spring Bank Holiday, and another two at the start of June will give you nine consecutive days off.  If you book off four days after the August Bank Holiday, you’ll have nine days off work.  If you take three days off work after Boxing Day, you’ll get ten days out of office – which will end the year nicely.  Georgia Gadsby March, co-founder of Unearth PR, says: ‘Maximising your annual leave and taking time off is hugely important for your mental health and ability to reprioritise. ‘When we’re busy at work every day we often forget that work should come second to other aspects of our life, such as family and our general health and wellbeing. ‘Taking nine and ten days off at a time can help us properly reconnect with those priorities, have a break from any work related stress, and enjoy time doing whatever it is that makes you happy outside of work.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 12 holiday destinations which are cooler than the UK in the current heatwave MORE : What your child should get up to in the summer holidays, according to their star sign MORE : How to avoid damaging your jewellery on holiday