Protestors stormed the track at Silverstone just moments after the huge crash during the opening lap of the British Grand Prix on Sunday. Earlier this week, police warned of credible intelligence that a protest was planned for the race and said any demonstration would ‘jeopardise lives’. But four activists from Just Stop Oil made their way onto the track shortly after the race had been red flagged following a major incident which saw Zhou Guanyu’s Alfa Romeo flip over and crash into a barrier. Footage from Esteban Ocon’s cockpit showed the Spaniard slowly driving past the protestors as they were being removed from the middle of the track. Drivers had been warned via their team radios that protestors were present on the track shortly after the crash. A statement on Twitter from Just Stop Oil which promoted the protest read: ‘A group of supporters of Just Stop Oil have stormed the track at #BritishGP2022 ‘If you are more outraged about this disruption than our world being burnt before our eyes, then you need to get your priorities straight. ‘We demand the government calls an immediate halt to new oil and gas projects in the UK and we will continue to disrupt sports, cultural events and oil until this demand is met. ‘How many more young people have to step up before the government will listen?’ A statement from FIA and F1 read: ‘We can confirm that after the red flag, several people attempted to enter the track. ‘These people were immediately removed and the matter is now being dealt with by the local authorities.’ While the race was halted, Zhou was lifted out of his car and stretchered off the track to an ambulance. It’s understood that the Chinese driver was conscious and escaped without a major injury. A statement from Alfa Romeo read: ‘Following a crash at the start of the British Grand Prix, Zhou Guanyu is conscious and now at the circuit’s medical centre to undergo evaluation.’ George Russell, who also crashed out of the race, ran up to Zhou’s car when it had stopped to check on the driver. ‘First of all, the most important thing is that Zhou is ok. That was a scary incident and all credit to the marshals and medical team for their quick response,’ Russell posted on Twitter after the crash. ‘Obviously gutted to end the race this way and I’m sorry for the team and the fans. Cheering LH on from the garage.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 