Baby P’s mum, Tracy Connelly, has allegedly been told to change her appearance upon being freed from jail. Connelly, 40, was jailed in 2009 for causing or allowing the death of her 17-month-old son Peter at their home in Tottenham, north London, on August 3 2007. Yesterday, the Ministry of Justice confirmed her release from prison. The Parole Board decided Connelly was suitable for release in March – having previously rejected three bids in 2015, 2017 and 2019. The board reached its decision after hearing that Connelly is now considered to be at ‘low risk of committing a further offence’ and that probation officers and prison officials supported the plan. She was previously released on licence in 2013, but recalled to prison in 2015 for breaching her parole conditions. Now, it has emerged Connelly was told to change her appearance before being set free. Insiders at Low Newton prison near Durham, where Connelly was being held, claim she was advised to ‘lose weight and dye her hair’ to prevent herself from being recognised in public, The Mirror reports. But a fellow inmate claimed she ‘looked just the same but a bit fatter’ when she was released earlier this week. A source told the newspaper: ‘She just walks about singing and dancing. They were all fed up with it, even the prison officers. ‘She was taken out on the prison bus. She knew it was happening but nobody else did. ‘She got taken out into town and let out to do arts and crafts and other inmates were made to speak to her. If they refused they’d get into trouble too and get reprimanded and lose their privileges. ‘They didn’t want to talk to her. They hated it.’ Connelly will be subject to 20 licence conditions, including having to wear an electronic tag and disclose all her relationships. She will also have her Internet use monitored and be forced to obey a curfew. Her release from prison comes after failed attempts to prevent her from being freed. Within hours of the Parol Board announcing its decision in March, deputy prime minister Dominic Raab attempted to block the move. ‘Tracey Connelly’s cruelty was pure evil, which is why I strongly opposed her release,’ he said. ‘The decision to let her out demonstrates why the Parole Board needs a fundamental overhaul, including a ministerial block, to protect the public and keep dangerous offenders off our streets.’ Mr Raab asked the board, which is independent of the Government, to re-examine the decision under the so-called reconsideration mechanism. However, his application was ‘refused’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.