A Republican lawmaker attended his gay son’s wedding last week, three days after voting against a bill that would enshrine protections for same-sex marriage. The gay son of Glenn ‘GT’ Thompson, a Republican from Pennsylvania told NBC News on Monday that he ‘married the love of his life’ on Friday and that his ‘father was there.’ Thompson’s press secretary also confirmed he was in attendance, saying in a statement: ‘Congressman and Mrs Thompson were thrilled to attend and celebrate their son’s marriage on Friday night as he began this new chapter in his life.’ According to his press secretary, the Thompsons are ‘very happy’ to welcome their new son-in-law ‘into their family.’ Thompson’s son and new son-in-law have not been named in media reports. Despite this sentiment, Thompson was one of 157 House Republicans who voted against the legislation, which would codify the right to same-sex and interracial marriages nationally. Forty-seven Republicans joined Democrats in the bipartisan measure following fears that same-sex marriage could be overturned by the Supreme Court. The fear comes after Justice Clarence Thomas wrote in a supporting opinion to the high court overturning Roe v Wade that the court should revisit past decisions, including those protecting same-sex marriage and contraceptive access. In a statement to a local newspaper Centre Daily, Thompson called the Respect for Marriage Act a ‘messaging stunt.’ ‘This bill was nothing more than an election-year messaging stunt for Democrats in Congress who have failed to address historic inflation and out of control prices at gas pumps and grocery stores,’ he said. The bill comes at a time where the majority of Americans, including most Republicans, support same-sex marriage. The measure is now being considered in the Senate, where it faces an uncertain future as 10 Republicans are needed to overcome a filibuster. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.