Parts of the UK are predicted to experience a heatwave over the coming days – the second in a matter of weeks. The hot weather starts today when parts of the UK will be hotter than Los Angeles, the heat will then continue to build over the coming days reaching 31°C by Monday. But while some will welcome the hot and sunny weather, it comes with a warning for the elderly and vulnerable. The Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), has issued a level 2 heat-health alert warning ahead of the heatwave. The alert is in place from 9am on Monday, July 11 until 9am on Friday, July 15, and covers the East of England, South East and London regions. The UK previously experienced a heatwave three weeks ago, with June 17 marking the hottest day of the year so far. Parts of the country will reach 28C by this afternoon, surpassing top European holiday destinations such as St Tropez, Marbella and Santorini, with conditions dry and sunny across England and Wales. The Met Office has said it will start a consistent run of high temperatures over the next few days. London, the South East and East are expected to see highs of 28C and 26C this afternoon while the South West will be slightly cooler at 25C. The Midlands and North West are also predicted to be 25C, while Wales could see 24C. Saturday and Sunday will then be slightly cooler, though some cloud and rain will move across the North West. The heat will start to pick up again from Monday with temperatures predicted to be pushing 30°C all week. Greg Dewhurst, forecaster for the Met Office, said: ‘Over the course of this week, much of next week, temperatures are going to be above average and very warm locally, hot at times. ‘Over the next few days, primarily the highest temperatures will be across southern and eastern parts of the UK. But I think as we go through the weekend and into next week, the heat is likely to be across pretty much the UK.’ The Met Office defines a heatwave as when a location records a period for at least three consecutive days with daily maximum temperatures meeting or exceeding the heatwave temperature threshold. The threshold varies by UK county. On the four-level heat-health alert scale, which is designed to help healthcare workers manage through periods of extreme temperatures, level 1 is the lowest warning and is the minimum state of vigilance used during the summer months. Level 2, called alert and readiness, is triggered as soon as there is a 60% risk that temperature thresholds will be reached in one or more regions on at least two consecutive days and the intervening night. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.