Stop the press – Britney Spears and Sir Elton John are said to have recorded a duet. The Toxic hitmaker, 40, reportedly had a secret meeting with the 75-year-old music legend and producer Andrew Watt at a Beverly Hills recording studio last week. They are said to have worked on a new version of his 1971 classic song, Tiny Dancer, which reports say is likely to be released by Universal Music next month. A source close to the pair said that Britney is a ‘huge fan’ of the Your Song singer, and that it was actually Sir Elton’s idea for them to collaborate. Speaking with New York Post newspaper’s Page Six column, they said: ‘This was Elton’s idea, and Britney is a huge fan. They have recorded a remix of Tiny Dancer as a full duet — and it is incredible.’ ‘Britney was in the studio in Beverly Hills last week with Elton for the super-secret recording session overseen by über-producer Andrew Watt,’ they added. ‘They’ve already played it for people at their record label, and everybody is freaking out. It is so good.’ The source continued to say the label are calling the duet ‘the song of the summer’. ‘Britney is officially back. She’s back to work, and she’s super excited.’ It wouldn’t be a surprise if the rumour turns out to be true, since Britney – whose 13-year conservatorship finally came to an end in November 2021 – has been hinting recently that she is thinking about getting back to work. Earlier this month, the pop queen shared an Instagram video of herself singing a new version of her debut single, Baby One More Time. She captioned the clip: ‘I haven’t shared my voice in an extremely long time … maybe too long.’ Brit could then be heard belting out the classic tune with a more sultry voice than we’re used to, also adding more mature lyrics such as: ‘Give me a f**king sign, hit me baby, one more time’. The Tiny Dancer duet would be Britney’s first official single since 2016’s Slumber Party, the video shoot for which she met her now-husband Sam Asghari. According to the insider, Britney secured a ‘record-breaking deal’ from Universal to record with Elton. Now, the cogs are turning in our brains and we can’t help but look for clues that this has been in the works – even if they’re not clues, we just like to overthink, ok? The Womanizer songstress was starstruck just days ago when she ran into Rocketman actor Taron Egerton – yes, Rocketman as in the film about Sir Elton’s life. Britney shared a sweet snap of them posing together, with Taron wrapping an arm around her. Another clip showed Taron giving Britney a hug, with Britney’s husband Sam popping in and joking: ‘You’ve gotta get your hands off my wife.’ Freaking out a little, she wrote in the caption: ‘Coolest guy ever !!! Such a freaking fan 🙈 … I was so stupid 😬😬😬🙄 !!!’ Oh Britney, what are you plotting? Reps for Britney and Sir Elton have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Real Housewives of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks addresses return rumours after explosive exit MORE : Jackass star Poopies back to diving with sharks one year after being bitten in terrifying attack 