Our kitchen cupboards are home to some culinary life-savers – the humble stock cube being one of them. Whether it’s thrown into a stew, a bolognese or a gravy, those handy little blocks are minimal fuss with maximum flavour But what if we told you the classic cube now comes with a twist. Knorr, in collaboration with chocolatier Cox & Co, has just unveiled a choc cube – AKA, a chocolate ‘stock’ cube. But before you recoil in horror – there’s actually some logic to the new launch. After all, lots of people add chocolate to savoury dishes – such as chilli con carne, Mexican mole sauce and more. Made with 71% cacao and sea salt, these choc cubes claim to boast a ‘bold and punchy taste’ that can be used to add richness to a variety of everyday favourites. They also function in a similar way to savoury stock cubes: so they can either be dissolved directly into the dishes (for a punchier taste), or mixed with a little water to dilute them. Plus, if the reviews are anything to go by, home chefs won’t be left disappointed – as the cubes have received four and five stars so far. Each 60g pack, now available to buy online for £2, contains six individual cubes. It’s also worth pointing out these are limited edition – so they won’t be around forever. Commenting on the launch, Gavin Cox, the founder of Cox & Co, said: ‘The Choc Cubes are a perfect way to demonstrate the versatility of chocolate and show Brits how chocolate can be more than just a “sweet treat”, as the ingredient provides a solution to adding subtle and rich flavours into home-cooked meals.’ In other bizarre food news, earlier this week KFC in South Korea launched a blue mint chocolate dipping sauce for chicken. A great solution for those who like to dip their chips in their milkshake – Wendy’s style. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : End of McDonald’s 99p menu? Cheeseburger price rises for first time in 14 years MORE : The best rum to buy this summer: From pre-mixed cocktails to bottles didn’t know you needed MORE : How to make the perfect iced coffee at home – tips from a barista