Warm weather and summer showers can turn your makeup from flawless to patchy and streaked in a matter of minutes. But this BB cream promises to keep oil and sweat at bay, while providing a boost to your complexion that doesn’t feel cakey. Not only that, it’s on the budget end of the scale price-wise, meaning perfect summer skin doesn’t need to break the bank. Garnier’s All-in-1 BB Cream first piqued our interest on QueenRozza’s TikTok, after she recommended it in a video posted to the platform. Showing how she applies the product, the creator said: ‘Literally the best BB cream I’ve ever tried. Girls you need to grab it ASAP for summer nights. Light wear, fully coverage!’ Rozza applied the cream using a flat stippling brush, going over any brush marks with a damp beauty sponge. After putting on the rest of her makeup as normal, her skin appears lit from within. ‘I’ve been saying this for years,’ said one follower in the comments, to which Rozza replied: ‘Can’t believe I’m only discovering it this year. I’ve been using Armani foundation and could have been saving ££££.’ Another commenter wrote: ‘I swear by this! I use it instead of foundation for everyday wear,’ while one more added: ‘I use this every summer, feels so nice on your skin!’ Designed to be a multitasker, Garnier’s range of BB creams give wearers the benefits of a foundation, a moisturiser, and an SPF in a single tube. Hyaluronic acid and aloe vera extract hydrate the skin, while ultra-thin mineral pigments give natural coverage that won’t feel heavy as the day goes on. In tests, 83.6% of people said the BB cream evened out their skin tone and gave a luminous complexion, and 74.5% agreed that it corrected signs of fatigue. Not bad for a buy that’ll leave you with change from a tenner. There are three different shades to choose from, as well as formulations for certain skin concerns. Choose the Oil-Free option for staying power and blemish-fighting ingredients, and wear over a primer to keep your base in place. Although there is SPF in each of the options, we’d always advise using a separate sunscreen for your face to protect from UV damage. This staple can go over the top, levelling up your suncare game. If you’re thinking of giving it a go, you can purchase Garnier BB Creams for £9.99 at Boots. View and shop the full range here. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why this adaptogenic mushroom coffee alternative is a hit with health-conscious millennials MORE : How to deal with climate anxiety amid a heatwave