Love Island favourite Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s romance with Davide Sanclimenti has been thrown into more turmoil. The couple, who have had more than their fair share of ups and downs, have another obstacle to overcome during Movie Night. On tonight’s tense episode, Ekin-Su, 27, is shown scenes of Davide kissing Coco Lodge while watching a film aptly titled The Italian Stallion. ‘He doesn’t kiss me like that, Davide does not kiss me like that, I have not had a kiss that passionate from him,’ Ekin-Su responds, angrily. Earlier this week, the pair locked horns with Davide, 27, admitting that he isn’t sure if he can ‘fully trust her.’ He added: ‘I don’t know if she wants to flirt or not. This is something I need to find out because I need to find out if she’s genuine or if she’s still the Ekin-Su of the beginning.’ The entrepreneur went on to accuse Ekin-Su of being fake, branding her the ‘fakest person’ he’s ever met. He also, in now immortal lines, described her as ‘fake as the Louis Vuitton from China.’ However, things seemed to be on the up for the couple with Love Island fans cracking up over their pitch-perfect impressions of each other. On Love Island Unseen Bits, the islanders were given a challenge, to do an impression of someone in the villa. Fans were left ‘wheezing’ with laughter as Ekin-Su mocked their own infamous argument. Complete with hand gestures and an Italian accent, she raged: ‘You are an actress, you deserve an Oscar!’ Meanwhile, Davide donned a bikini while brushing his hair, telling the camera: ‘Hi, I’m Ekin-Su, I’m an actress… I’m a 10 out of 10 from Turkey.’ ‘Whenever a fit boy with a membership of a gym of six months enters the villa I need to flirt with him… Davide’s still my favourite though,’ he quipped. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 