EasyJet’s chief operating officer has quit amid anger over thousands of flights being disrupted and cancelled. Peter Bellew has resigned to ‘pursue other business opportunities’ after leaving Ryanair to join the airline two-and-a-half years ago, a spokesperson said today. It comes after the company apologised to customers for failing to ‘deliver the service they have come to expect from us’. UK airports have been plagued by widespread travel chaos, mainly due to low staff levels post-lockdown and difficulties obtaining security clearance for new recruits. EasyJet is one of the worst hit airlines, with many holidaymakers devastated after seeing their flights axed on the day they were due to fly. The mayhem could continue into this month, with some workers set to strike in a dispute over pay. Trade union Unite last month claimed there was a ‘lack of leadership’ and Mr Bellew should be ‘taking control of this situation’. Speaking on Monday, Chief Executive Johan Lundgren said: ‘I would like to thank Peter for his hard work and wish him well. ‘Everyone at easyJet remains absolutely focused on delivering a safe and reliable operation this summer.’ This morning, footage emerged of one easyJet plane being escorted by Spanish fighter jets due to ‘precautionary security checks’. A statement from the airline on Mr Bellew’s resignation said today that staff ‘remain absolutely focused on our daily operation and continue to monitor this very closely’. A spokesperson said the firm had ‘taken pre-emptive action to build further resilience for the summer due to the current operating environment’. The airline continues to operate up to 1,700 flights each day and carry up to 250,000 passengers, they added. The company has appointed David Morgan – who has been with the airline since 2016 – as interim chief operations officer. Mr Lundgren said: ‘I am pleased that operations will be in the very capable hands of David Morgan who can move seamlessly into this role having previously led the operation, as interim chief operating officer, throughout 2019. ‘David has significant experience and deep knowledge of the business and operation, and will provide strong leadership for the airline this summer.’ The news follows allegations that dozens of tourists were locked in a sweltering airport corridor for an hour, only to find out their flight had been cancelled. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.