A First Dates star revealed a heartbreaking story about his father being assassinated when he was a child, before sharing that his mum’s love story with his dad has now made him want to settle down with his future wife. The Channel 4 programme, fronted by barman Merlin Griffiths and host Fred Sirieux, pairs up singletons on blind dates, in the hopes of finding true love. Stand-up comedian Mani was paired up with care-home owner Natasha, and the couple seemed to get off to a perfect start, making each other laugh with their quick-wit as they shared stories of their childhood and families. However, things took a tragic turn when Mani revealed more information about his dad. ‘When I get married I’m going to be a strictly one woman man, this is my wife, my kids, my family, my everything,’ Mani told Natasha, continuing: ‘Because my father was madly in love with my mum.’ ‘He used to write her postcards, and get her gifts, but I lost my father when I was five. My dad was a huge businessman, and he went into politics, and politics took him away, because he got assassinated, so it was very tough on us.’ Mani later explained in an interview clip: ‘As kids we were told he had a car accident in Pakistan,’ adding: ‘But later on, I found out that he got assassinated.’ He continued: ‘My father said to my mum, “I will be back later on,” and my mum said that as he was walking out I grabbed his leg and said “No you can’t go,” and then he never came back.’ Tearing up as he recalled the emotional story, Mani added: ‘Nobody knows what really happened, it’s just a mystery.’ Mani added to Natasha: ‘He only loved one woman. That was my mum. And I think I’m on the edge in my life where I want the same. It’s about time it should happen.’ ‘I talk to him every single day, and I think he wants me to settle down now, more than anything else,’ Mani admitted. Opening up about his family didn’t scare Natasha away though, as she revealed how much she would ‘love’ to see Mani on stage, performing during his comedy acts. The couple finished their date with as many laughs as when they started, however, later Natasha unfortunately shared that ‘romantically’ she wasn’t feeling the date, saying that perhaps ‘they’re too similar’. ‘There wasn’t a spark,’ she confirmed, saying she prefers ‘alpha males’ but ‘can’t deny that Mani is the nicest guy.’ First Dates airs on Thursdays at 10pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Below Deck Mediterranean star Jessica More pregnant with first child: ‘So blessed and excited for this next chapter’ MORE : Cillian Murphy is ‘the man who moved the earth’ in intense first teaser for Christopher Nolan’s Oppenheimer 