A Met Office boss has issued a stark warning that people should be taking the heatwave as seriously as they would any other extreme weather. The country is currently on an emergency footing in preparation for temperatures to hit 40°C next week. Ahead of the heatwave, the Met Office has issued its first-ever Level 4 red warning for extreme heat. The warning is in place from midnight on Monday through to Tuesday. The alert is issued when: ‘A heatwave is so severe and/or prolonged that its effects extend outside the health and social care system. ‘At this level, illness and death may occur during the fit and healthy, and not just in high-risk groups.’ Ahead of the high temperatures, one of the Met Office’s most senior forecasters has warned the heatwave is not a chance ‘to go and play in the sun’ and the coming weather poses a real risk. Penny Endersby, chief executive of the Met Office, said the extreme heat being predicted is ‘absolutely unprecedented’. ‘We’ve seen when climate change has driven such unprecedented severe weather events all around the world it can be difficult for people to make the best decisions in these situations because nothing in their life experience has led them to know what to expect,’ she said. ‘Here in the UK, we’re used to treating a hot spell as a chance to go and play in the sun, this is not that sort of weather, our lifestyles and infrastructure are not adapted to what is coming. ‘Please keep the warnings we are putting out as seriously as you would a red or amber from us for wind or snow and follow the advice.’ Ms Enderson said people should stay out of the sun, keep their homes cool, and think about adjusting their plans during the warning period. ‘If you do have to go out where a hat and sunscreen, keep to the shade as much as possible and carry water,’ she said. ‘Don’t leave people or animals in hot cars and keep a particular look out for your family and neighbours, especially more vulnerable people. ‘Our forecasters will continue to work around the clock to make sure we give you the best advice we can. Thank you for taking care.’ The Met Office has said climate change is to blame for the extreme heat. The forecaster said that while high temperatures can occur naturally, the frequency at which the UK is seeing hotter temperatures and the duration of hot spells in recent decades is down to human activity. ’We hoped we wouldn’t get to this situation but for the first time ever we are forecasting greater than 40°C in the UK, ‘climate attribution scientist at the Met Office, Dr Nikos Christidis, said. ‘In a recent study, we found that the likelihood of extremely hot days in the UK has been increasing and will continue to do so during the course of the century, with the most extreme temperatures expected to be observed in the southeast of England. ‘Climate change has already influenced the likelihood of temperature extremes in the UK. ‘The likelihood of exceeding 40°C anywhere in the UK in a given year has also been rapidly increasing, and, even with current pledges on emissions reductions, such extremes could be taking place every 15 years in the climate of 2100.’ The chances of seeing 40°C days in the UK could be as much as 10 times more likely in the current climate than under a natural climate unaffected by human influence, the Met Office has said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.