Images released by Downing Street capture the moment Boris Johnson was comforted by his family after finally accepting his political career had collapsed. The prime minister was greeted by Carrie and his young children when he stepped back inside Number 10 after confirming he will stand down. Some loyal MPs and aides were on hand to offer support after he delivered a statement conceding his premiership is all but over. The pictures capture the moment an extraordinary 48 hours in politics came to a historic and inevitable conclusion – and the moment the controversial PM must finally have known it was all over. He was pictured hugging son Wilfred, two, and seven-month-old daughter Romy inside the unique family home they will soon need to vacate. The youngest of Mr Johnson’s indeterminate number of children have not known life outside of Downing Street. Loyalist MPs like Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nadine Dorries were also in attendance, along with the newly appointed minister for veterans’ affairs, Johnny Mercer. Shortly after entering to applause and making some remarks to the small crowd, Mr Johnson called Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky. After vowing to fight on until late last night, the PM reportedly accepted the game was up early this morning and began working on a resignation statement. There was radio silence from Number 10 this morning and no government minister was sent to do the usual broadcast media round. Further resignations began to be announced while Mr Johnson and his inner team discussed their next move over, according to the The Telegraph, bacon sandwiches and coffee. The paper reported the decision was ‘locked in’ by around 8.30pm, with the speech finally delivered four hours later. He used it to take a parting swipe at rebellious Tory MPs, calling the putsch ‘eccentric’, describing it as ‘herd mentality’ and even referencing ‘leaks’ that have come from his government. Mr Johnson told the country: ‘I want you to know how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world – but them’s the breaks.’ It has since emerged he made a courtesy call to the Queen to update her on the speech he intended to give, something he was not constitutionally obliged to do. In the hours since announcing he will leave Number 10 once the Tory party has elected a new leader, the PM has continued to restock his diminished cabinet. Will Quince, who resigned in protest after he repeated a false narrative about the handling of the Chris Pincher affair under instructions from Number 10, has returned to his junior education post. Graham Stuart becomes a foreign office minister, Stephen McPartland is security minister at the Home Office and Marcus Jones is a minister at the Department for Levelling Up. Earlier caretaker administration posts include Greg Clark as the new Levelling Up Secretary, replacing Michael Gove who was sacked on Wednesday, and Sir Robert Buckland goes to the Wales office. James Cleverly becomes the third person to hold the post of education secretary in as many days.