The former England goalkeeper turned pundit writes for Metro throughout this summer’s European Championship. Our generation opened doors and The Lionesses have pushed them wide open. I’m so proud to see how high profile some of our England players are becoming in the run-up to the European Championship. It has been coming, and the fact 90,000-capacity Wembley has sold out for the final says all you need to know about the stage women’s football has reached. You only have to walk into a supermarket to see the faces of the likes of Lucy Bronze, Leah Williamson and Nikita Parris on a number of products – oh, and of course I have my Panini Euro 2022 sticker album. I was one of a group of players who helped to bang on doors at the Football Association when we were playing, trying to get more done, trying to get small things that would help the team. We would like to think that led to the present-day Lionesses reaping the rewards. There will be players in the Euros squad who have come through centres of excellence and never had to work part-time to make ends meet and a lot of that is down to the support and funding from the National Lottery and people who play it. Their support for the legacy of these Euros will also be vital in growing the women and girls’ game even further. I never got paid a penny to play football when I started out, for club or country. Most of us were taking unpaid leave from work to play for England and when I was breaking through as a teenager, I never even knew there was a national team. Not for women anyway. It was only when I went to the 1999 World Cup final in Pasadena – in a crowd of 90,000 – that the penny dropped for me. I started to question why no one knew about our sport in England, why we were part-time, why the world champions (the USA) looked like athletes and we didn’t. So a few of us went to the people in power and asked why we can’t be like them. You look at where we are now and that’s exactly what we’ve got, which is unbelievable. The 2005 home Euros was massive – seeing 30,000 fans at some of our games was something that hadn’t happened before. We knew that was the first step towards moving towards being a professional sport. We qualified for the 2008 Olympics but politics meant we did not enter a Great Britain team and had to hand our place to Sweden. Then we got to the final of Euro 2009, we got to enter a British team at London 2012 and the growth went from there. It has obviously increased tenfold in the 10 years since then with National Lottery funding and now the likes of Lucy Bronze, who has joined Barcelona, are world stars. But we like to think our generation opened doors and these girls have now gone and pushed them wide open. I wish them nothing but luck, they deserve every opportunity. What I do hope remains the same is the bond between players and fans that epitomised the women’s team and differentiated it from the men over the years, as that’s what the Lionesses were built upon. We must not underestimate the part the National Lottery has played in the growth of the women’s game, supporting athletes in education. I was lucky enough to benefit from Tass (The Talented Athlete Scholarship Scheme), which really helped me and is almost a lifeline for a lot of players, wanting to do their education alongside football. You have to want to sacrifice everything to succeed in sport and that has come with a massive helping hand. Thanks to National Lottery players, over £50million has been invested into football in the last ten years benefiting the women’s and girls’ game by increasing participation and helping young players fulfil their potential. Investment into the Women’s Euros legacy includes £1million of National Lottery funding, invested through Sport England, to get more women playing the game in each host city. @rach_brown1 MORE : Everything you need to know about England’s Lionesses who can bring football home at Euro 2022 MORE : Women’s Euro 2022: When is England’s first match and how to watch? MORE : Karen Carney: England boss Sarina Wiegman is the best and has that fear factor Lionesses will need at Euro 2022 