Love Island 2022 is continuing to bring all the drama, but viewers think they’ve spotted a secret feud that’s going on off-air. Last night, the excitement was high as four new bombshells entered the villa, fulfilling Danica Taylor’s dreams and putting Ekin-Su Culculoglu on edge, but viewers seem to have spotted some tension between two of the other girls: Indiyah Polack and Paige Thorne. Paige, who has had a rocky ride so far in the villa with all the Casa Amor drama with ex-islander Jacques O’Neill, is now coupled up with returning bombshell Adam Collard, while Indiyah is exclusive-but-not-exclusive with Dami Hope, who was at risk of dumping after the public’s votes. But, Paige and Dami seem to have one of the closest friendships on the show, after she proposed to him during the Snog, Marry, Pie game earlier this week. ‘I chose to marry Dami because he’s my absolute best friend and we just have the best time together,’ she explained, shortly before Dami labelled it ‘the happiest of the game’ for him. Fans seem to think that was the last straw between the two girls, and now they think there’s a feud going on in the villa. ‘I wanted Indiyah to fight Paige for that rubbish she pulled with Dami,’ one fan wrote, while another commented: ‘I feel like Paige definitely b*****d about Indiyah secretly because she low-key likes Dami.’ Other fans noticed a moment last night, when Paige cut off Indiyah mid-sentence while on the terrace. ‘Paige frequently ignores and dismisses Indiyah. Weird…’ one viewer wrote. When Paige returned from Casa Amor and was made aware of Jacques antics while she was away, she turned to her ‘best friend’ Dami for comfort, while other viewers have noticed the pair share pretty close hugs before bed. ‘Dami and Paige’s hug… I’m all for boy and girl besties but like ummm,’ one viewer wrote. And elsewhere, it was actually Paige who got Dami’s heart rate going the most during the infamous dance challenge, where Paige channeled her inner Pamela Anderson. Viewers have previously accused Paige of being a ‘mean girl’, when, earlier in the season she stopped Danica joining the girls for a chat. The paramedic sat down with Gemma Owen, Antigoni Buxton, and Tasha Ghouri when Danica tried to come and get a slice of the action, but she was promptly prevented from getting close. As the bombshell tottered over with Indiyah Polack, Paige turned around and said: ‘Girlies, do you mind if we just have a little catch up and then we can all catch up together?’ A confused Danica asked: ‘You four?’ ‘Just us lot,’ Paige replied. ‘It’s not like that.’ The scenes proved to be extremely uncomfortable for viewers, with former islander Amber Gill leading the outrage. ‘I’m shocked at Paige sorry maybe that’s the true self there,’ she penned. ‘I’m actually furious after that episode,’ one vented. ‘The mean girls are clearly Paige, Tasha, Gemma and their newest recruit is Antigoni. I’m sick of it.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Summer Botwe insists Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack’s connection is ‘genuine’ MORE : ‘Middle-aged’ Love Island reportedly launching for ‘single mums and dads with normal bodies’ 