Love Island spoilers ahead of Tuesday night’s episode show Gemma Owen and Luca Bish clash after taking part in the latest challenge. Gemma and Luca have been coupled up since the beginning of the series, remaining one of the more solid duos in the villa. However, recent episodes have seen some tension between the pair, after Luca accused Gemma of entertaining Billy Brown’s attempts to flirt with her after Casa Amor. While they appeared to patch things up, they will argue again tonight after taking part in the Mile High-themed challenge, which sees the girls dress up as cabin crew and prep their chosen passenger for a private Mile High Club moment. But the first look at tonight’s episode shows Luca ‘in a mood’ with Gemma after the challenge as footage shows her getting close to some of the other boys, including Adam Collard. Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu quizzes the 19-year-old on Luca’s behaviour, asking: ‘Is it just me or was Luca being a bit weird when you were doing the challenge?’ ‘He was just a little bit of a baby,’ weighs in Indiyah Polack. Gemma seems to brush off the tension between them, but it’s clearly got to her, responding: ‘It’s really not that deep but if he’s going to be a p***k over it then he can do one.’ Later on, the clip cuts to her confronting Luca in another part of the villa, as she asks him about his ‘mood.’ She bluntly tells him: ‘You can sit here and say that you’re not in a mood… you’re in a mood.’ While her partner insists he’s ‘not in a mood’, Gemma replies: ‘Luca, don’t play thick.’ The dressage rider goes on to add: ‘You’re pushing me off, had a face like a slapped a**e, are you 12?’ Luca finally shares his frustrations over the challenge, telling her: ‘It’s not nice to see but it’s a challenge and I can’t stay annoyed at you for it.’ ‘You can’t exactly stay annoyed at me for it? So you were annoyed at it?’ she replies. Luca can then be seen taking off his microphone pack and storming off, after telling Gemma: ‘It’s doing my head in.’ It’s not yet known whether Luca will manage to get over his frustrations, but could there be more trouble ahead for the pair? Meanwhile, the latest instalment will see more islanders’ time on the Majorcan Villa come to an end, after the latest public vote. The three couples with the fewest votes will be left vulnerable and are therefore at risk of being dumped from the Villa this evening. But who will be waving goodbye to the Spanish sunshine tonight? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tasha Ghouri’s family share video of her ‘real talent’ after Love Island fans wince over that cup song – and she’s got serious moves MORE : Even the Love Island subtitles take savage swipe at Indiyah Polack’s dreadful recorder performance