Only two candidates will remain in the race to be Britain’s next Prime Minister at just after 4pm this afternoon. A final vote among Tory MPs will decide which pair will battle it out for the support of the party’s roughly 180,000 membership this summer. Rishi Sunak is widely expected to comfortably make the last two – but polls suggest he would lose to either Liz Truss or Penny Mordaunt in the final stage. Foreign secretary Truss is now the favourite to hoover up support from former equalities minister Kemi Badenoch, who was eliminated with 59 votes last night. Both are favoured by the right of the Conservative Party. But trade minister Mordaunt is currently in second on 92, six in front of Truss, who unexpectedly came within touching distance of her main rival on 86 in yesterday’s election. Former chancellor Sunak is on 118. The tallies have raised questions in Westminster, with suggestions that Sunak may have ‘leant’ votes to the candidate he would prefer to face in the run-off. The rival campaigns accused one another of transferring votes in a bid to boost their own positions, with David Davis, a backer of Mordaunt, saying it was the ‘dirtiest campaign’ he had ever seen. ‘Rishi just reallocated some … He wants to fight Liz, because she’s the person who will lose the debate with him,’ the former Cabinet minister told LBC Radio. Yesterday, the Mordaunt-backing senior Tory Tobias Ellwood was stripped of the Tory whip – meaning he can no longer take part in the election – for missing the vote of no confidence in the Government. Some 11 other Tories who were also away were not given the same punishment. Regardless, Truss is now favourite to replace Boris Johnson in the top job when the result of the membership vote is announced on September 5. The current Prime Minister will face his final session of PMQs at noon. Mr Sunak received a blow in the latest limited polling of the party membership, which forecast he would lose against both of his remaining rivals in the run-off. Allies of Mordaunt urged Tory MPs to back a ‘new start’ by supporting her because she had not been in Johnson’s Cabinet. She has been making early-morning calls to supporters of Tom Tugendhat and Badenoch, who have been eliminated from the leadership race, in a last-ditch attempt to gain the support needed to secure a place in the run-off. A campaign source said: ‘As the only one not in Johnson’s cabinet, Penny is the sole MP left in the race who offers a genuine fresh start. ‘Not every candidate would win an election, but time and time again the polls show that Penny is the candidate Labour fear the most.’ Truss, who is being backed by Johnson’s most loyal allies, insisted the party’s reputation is ‘in a positive place’. Mr Sunak’s campaign focused on polls showing that he could beat Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and ‘is the candidate the public think would make the best PM’. Accurately predicting who the Tory membership favours is hard to judge because of the low levels of participation in existing polling. But a YouGov survey of 725 party members over Monday and Tuesday saw Sunak would lose by large margins regardless of who he could face. The survey suggests Truss would beat him by 54 to 35, while Mordaunt would win by 51 to 37. Mordaunt, whose polling has dipped, was seen as losing to Ms Truss by a narrow margin. A spokeswoman for the Truss campaign said: ‘Now is the time for the party to unite behind a candidate who will govern in a Conservative way and who has shown she can deliver time and again.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Who is Liz Truss? Age, career and husband of the Tory leadership candidate