Slowly, it seems that streaming platform Netflix is taking steps to crack down on people sharing their accounts. Coming soon to parts of Latin America and the Caribbean is a trial feature that allows subscribers to ‘add a home’ – essentially meaning your account is linked to your own devices, and you pay bit extra each month to add any additional ‘homes’. Back in March 2022, Netflix also trialled in Chile, Costa Rica and Peru a way for subscribers to add extra ‘members’ to their account for a fee in a bid to curb password sharing. There’s no suggestion that these features will arrive in the UK in the immediate future, though. Currently, you can stream Netflix on two devices with the Standard plan, and up to four devices on Premium, though you’re not supposed to share your account with other households. So, as Netflix tackles the issue, which other streaming services allow you to log in on multiple devices, in different locations, and watch TV and movies at the same time? Here’s what we know. According to Amazon’s website, you can stream concurrently up to three times using just one Prime Video account, but are limited to two streams on the same programme. Amazon Prime also allows for sharing Prime benefits within your Amazon Household – which can include access to ‘free Prime Video’, though crucially ‘paid Prime Video’. Two adults who are Prime members can create a household with up to four teenagers (aged 13 to 17) meaning they’ll get faster delivery on shopping (that parents can approve), plus access to ebooks, apps, games and Amazon Music, too. You can find out more about Amazon Household here. If you have Apple TV Plus, you can enjoy six simultaneous streams, according to the Apple website. However, this doesn’t apply if you have a student Apple Music subscription and are getting your Apple TV Plus as a perk – in this case, you can only stream on one device. On the Apple TV app, you can even set up Family Sharing, if one adult agrees to be responsible for any payments. While Apple has a modest catalogue of original programmes, highlights include the new series Severance, Jason Sudeikis’ hit comedy Ted Lasso, and drama The Essex Serpent. UK streaming service BritBox features more than 300 British boxsets from BBC, ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5. And if you’ve got an account directly with BritBox or BT TV, then you’ll be able to stream simultaneously on five devices – including via smart TV, smartphone, tablet, web or Roku. However, the BritBox website confirms that if you’ve signed up via another third party such as Amazon Prime, Apple TV or Roku Channel, you can only access your subscription through those platforms. Disney Plus is the home of Marvel movies and TV shows, new Star Wars and, of course, our favourite family-friendly Disney flicks. Currently, Disney allows subscribers to stream on four devices at once, meaning account sharing is possible. Additionally, you can create seven individual profiles on the platform to keep track of your personal TV and film preferences, plus find the next episode of the show you’re watching. If you have a standard NOW account, then you’re restricted to streaming on one device at any one time. NOW Boost subscribers, who pay £5 extra per month for ad free viewing and extra streaming, can stream across three devices, meaning the account could, if you wanted, be shared. The NOW website says things are slightly different for viewers watching via BT TV, adding: ‘If you’re a BT customer, you can watch on two devices at once as long as one is a BT TV Box and you start streaming in the correct order. ‘BT customers with Boost can watch on three devices at a time.’ Fans can watch Starzplay on up to four devices, according to the Starz website. Starzplay is the home of Outlander and hit comedy The Great, among other shows. It’s available as an app, as well as an add-on to Apple TV or Amazon Prime (for an extra fee). However, it’s not clear if the ‘four devices’ is referring to the app (accessible on mobile, web and tablet) or if this includes watchers who’ve signed up via a third party such as Amazon Prime. MORE : Netflix’s cheaper ad-supported plan might not let you watch everything MORE : Get ready for more adverts! Ofcom considers longer and more frequent TV ad breaks in battle against streaming giants MORE : Apple to release ‘Lockdown Mode’ to protect users from Pegasus-style spyware Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below