She may have recently got backlash for confessing that she’d eat poop to look younger, but Kim Kardashian is standing by her controversial comments. The beauty-obsessed 41-year-old has reaffirmed her stance in a new interview by stating that she would indeed eat faeces in exchange for eternal youth, but she drew the line at portion size, insisting she wouldn’t go so far as to chomp on a ‘whole bowl’ of the stuff. ‘I was kind of joking, but now that I think about it, I would probably eat s**t if someone told me, “If you eat this bowl of poop every single day, you’ll look younger”,’ she confessed to Allure magazine, who probed her on her questionable comments last month. Asked if she’d be willing to eat an entire bowl of it, the reality TV star replied: ‘Maybe just a bite. I don’t think I can do a whole bowl.’ However, despite how far she would go to erase the years, the Skims mogul still believes she doesn’t have an unhealthy obsession with looking young. ‘That [A willingness to eat poo] doesn’t mean that I don’t know the difference from that to an unhealthy level of feeling like I can’t age,’ she added. ‘I’m 41. I always want to look appropriate. There does come a point when you’ve taken it too far – overfilled, too tight, too much cosmetic work. ‘There’s nothing worse.’ The KK Beauty founder, who graces the cover of August’s Allure mag, also denied having facial fillers, insisting she has just ‘a little bit of Botox’ and indulges in a laser treatment or two. ‘I’m at peace with not being perfect and I wasn’t like that before,’ she added to the publication, but added that her hands might be ‘wrinkly and gross’ but she’s fine with that because she’s changed diapers and ‘snuggled’ her children with the same hands. ‘[Getting older] doesn’t mean that I won’t strive for perfection, but you get to a point where you’re like, “Okay, my health is more important than anything else,”‘ she said. Last month, the mother of four received criticism for saying that she would ‘eat poop every single day’ in order to look younger. The star, who officially filed for divorce from rapper Kanye West, 45, in February 2021 after seven years of marriage and is currently dating comedian Pete Davidson, 28, told the New York Times in June: ‘If you told me that I literally had to eat poop every single day and I would look younger, I might. I just might.’ Following the confession, Metro.co.uk spoke to Dr Lubna Khan-Salim, an aesthetic doctor and the founder of Bloom, who said that ‘growing old gracefully’ is an ‘outdated’ notion. ‘It may seem like a 21st century preoccupation with the birth of social media and the “selfie generation” but actually the quest to look younger has been with us since ancient times,’ she explained. ‘Beauty is hardwired in our brain.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : North West proves to be total style queen as she joins mum Kim Kardashian for Paris Fashion Week MORE : Nick Jonas gives fresh update on ‘amazing’ baby daughter with Priyanka Chopra after she spent 100 days in NICU 