A 19-year-old has taken in a 13-week-old black Labrador puppy, who is a guide dog in training – making the teen the youngest dog trainer in Britain. Animal-lover Rowena Smith volunteered to look after the pup, called Lilly, with the help of her mum Sheelagh Kerry. They will have the canine for a year, and help train her up for a life as a guide dog for the blind. Rowena will teach Lilly basic commands and instructions before the pup is given back to the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association, and can eventually be paired with an owner. Rowena said: ‘We volunteered jointly so that we could do this as a team. ‘When I’m out, mum or dad will be at home, so it gives us more flexibility to look after a puppy.’ Rachel Lord, Guide Dogs’ puppy development advisor, said one of Rowena and Lilly’s first training exercises was popping down the shops – which the duo excelled at. She said: ‘She walked to a perfect loose lead and had fun experiencing a new place. ‘Rowena gave Lilly plenty of reassurance and breaks to sniff around, and Lilly’s happy little waggy tail told us she was quite comfortable with it all.’ Rowena, of Abergavenny, South Wales, says Lilly loves spending time on the family’s small-holding – with their chickens and 20 sheep. She said: ‘Lilly is pretty good around them. The chickens are dog-savvy and will go on the attack, so you’ve got to be wary of them, not the other way round. ‘Lilly loves to watch my mother feed the sheep. ‘My friends were not surprised that I volunteered, because I’m always doing stuff with dogs. They are impressed and think it’s a really good thing. ‘Some say it will be hard to hand her back when it’s time for her to go into further training, but I think it will be OK. You know from the start that you’re not keeping her. ‘I’ve been to Finland working with sled dogs and huskies, and I plan to go back this winter. ‘My mother will look after Lilly when I’m away, which is another good reason to apply jointly or as a family.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Why do dogs tilt their heads to the side? Experts reveal all MORE : Dog food made of insects is the buzz for sustainable pet owners MORE : Police called after stranded dog on rooftop mistaken for ‘large pigeon’