Warning: Spoilers for Stranger Things season 4 part 2 ahead! Stranger Things fans were absolutely living for the moment Joyce Byers and Jim Hopper reunited after she travelled to Russia. The gripping last episode saw Joyce (Winona Ryder) and Hopper (David Harbour) getting ready to fight the Demogorgon. As Hopper was getting ready, a visibly upset Joyce was getting flashbacks of when her ex-boyfriend Bob Newby was killed by the monsters in season two. The chief of police reassured her that he would ‘die someday,’ but ‘it’s not today’ before leaning in for a kiss. The pair shared another steamy kiss at the beginning of the finale titled The Piggyback, but an official Twitter account dedicated to all things Stranger Things revealed that the second kiss wasn’t scripted. After Murray Bauman (Brett Gelman) highlighted the obvious tension between the pair in season three, fans were waiting for Joyce and Hopper to have their romantic moment – and it was certainly worth the wait. Addressing the improvised scene, one person tweeted: ‘THAT FACT MAKES IT EVEN BETTER!’ ‘MY LIFE IS COMPLETE,’ another added. Jopper’s kiss wasn’t the only thing improvised by the actors in the latest season. Eddie Munson, the leader of the Hellfire Club, was killed off in volume two, after sustaining fatal injuries from bats, after he and Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo) were put out on watch for Vecna. In his final moments, an injured Eddie was proud of himself for being brave, reminding Dustin: ‘I didn’t run away this time, right? You’re gonna have to look after those little sheep for me,’ as he’s planning to graduate. ‘I think it’s my year, Henderson. I think it’s finally my year. I love you man.’ Dustin replied: ‘I love you, too,’ before Eddie died in his arms, and honestly, we couldn’t cope. But to make things even more heart-wrenching, the Duffer Brothers have now revealed Eddie’s final words were improvised by actor Joseph Quinn. Writing on Twitter, they attached a picture of Eddie and Dustin with cameras in the background, as the writers revealed: ’“I love you, man” was improvised by Joe.’ Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things star Jamie Campbell Bower had very creepy method to get into role for Vecna MORE : Recognise Hopper’s sword in the Stranger Things season 4 finale? David Harbour blows fans’ minds with behind-the-scenes secret 