If you’re not a fan of misty eyed sporting nostalgia, then look away now. This is going to get nauseous. The date is August 11, 1984, the venue the Los Angeles Coliseum, the occasion the men’s 1500metres Olympic final. Sebastian Coe versus Steve Ovett, one of British sports greatest ever rivalries, the former returning from illness to retain his title, and in doing so shoving it up the scribes who claimed he shouldn’t have been selected in the first place. Of course, I didn’t know this at the time. I was seven years old and heavily into Top Deck. Still, even as I slammed those lager and limeades, my young mind was captivated by their clashes. They would race again but this was their last colossal head to head, and while Ovett, dogged by illness, didn’t make it to the finish line, it was young Steve Cram who took silver. A year earlier in Helsinki, Crammy claimed the first ever full athletics world championship title over 1500m. British men’s middle distance running ruled the world, with Peter Elliot’s 1500m Olympic silver in 1988 marking the end of an amazing era.   Since that, it has been the British women who have done most of the middle-distance damage. Kelly Holmes, most notably, won both 800m and 1500m Olympic golds in Athens 2004, battling bravely in the former, floating beautifully in the latter. However, since a 22-year-old Cram scooped that 1983 world crown, no British man has picked up a world championship 1500m medal. Until this week. Fittingly, it was Cram calling the race for the BBC, but even at the bell nobody was thinking 28-year-old Jake Wightman was about to shake up the world. The best of the best were there. The one-two-three at last year’s Olympics, the world’s fastest man this year. Spikes on spikes on spikes. Wightman has fallen short at the highest level. A crushingly disappointing Tokyo Olympics may have provided the painful platform he needed to push on. Make no mistake, there is no asterisk beside this glorious achievement. If Cram was emotional commentating, that’s nothing compared to the stadium announcer, Geoff Wightman, who just happens to be Jake’s dad. Shortly after Wightman crossed the line to claim gold, he uttered the amazing line: ‘That is my son and he is the world champion.’ While I don’t want to tempt fate, we are, right now, in as exciting a period for British middle-distance running as we have been in quite some time. Wightman is world champion in the 1500m, with 24-year-old Josh Kerr taking bronze at the Tokyo Olympics. He is only going to get better and better. Laura Muir took world 1500m bronze this week to add to her Olympic silver, despite months out with a stress fracture. While Laura and Jake are both in their late twenties, it is two 20-years-olds in the 800m division that set the pulse racing. Max Burgin is already the owner of the fourth fastest British 800m time ever. He’s the fastest man in the world this year, and even though his world championship ended this week before it started, due to a calf injury, his future bristles with possibilities. As I write this, Keely Hodgkinson is preparing to launch her world 800m tilt, with the final on Sunday. There’s so little between Keely and her young American rival and Olympic champion Athing Mu. This is a rematch between gold and silver in Tokyo, made even spicier by the fact they haven’t met since that day. If Hodgkinson can flip the script, she’ll turn a great week for British middle-distance running into one that will never be forgotten. A cheeky mention for Jemma Reekie too, fourth at the last Olympics in the 800m and destined to run faster. To the likes of Seb, Steve and Kelly I say thanks for the memories, but right now its a case of pass me a shandy and roll on Paris 2024. When it comes to British middle-distance running it could, with a little bit of luck, be tres magnifique. MORE : The touching moment Jake Wightman’s dad Geoff commentates on son winning gold at World Athletics Championships MORE : Britain’s Jake Wightman wins historic 1500m gold at World Athletics Championships For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 