A woman has accused DJ Tim Westwood of being a ‘predator’, claiming he had sex with her several times when she was 14. The accuser claims the DJ, now 64, was in his 30s at the time of the alleged incidents, and is one of several to come forward after an investigation by BBC News and the Guardian into claims of misconduct and abuse dating from 1990 to 2020. Westwood has previously strongly denied other allegations of sexual misconduct, with his reps saying in a past statement: ‘Tim Westwood strongly denies all allegations of inappropriate behaviour. ‘In a career that has spanned 40 years, there have never been any complaints made against him officially or unofficially. Tim Westwood strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing.’ The woman, who claims her encounters with Westwood began when she was 14, says she first met him at a club night in 1990 after being a fan of him, with her and her friends often trying to get shout-outs from him on his Capital FM show. She claims she and her friends became regulars at his club nights and he would recognise them and let them in for free, before later asking to meet up with her, where she claims he offered her a drink and they sat and talked before kissing. She added: ‘I was like, OK, I don’t have a problem with that. And then, it progressed from there. We had sex. ‘I never gave consent [to sex], but I never said no either so, I just went along with it.’ She claims to have broken off contact with Westwood when she was 16 after realising their relationship did not feel right and was like a ‘dirty little secret’. She says she didn’t tell anyone about the alleged encounters as she felt she would ‘get the blame, not him… because I’m no-one’. Westwood had faced allegations from a number of women, all of whom are black, in April accusing him of predatory and unwanted sexual behaviour and touching which is claimed to have occurred between 1992 and 2017. They also accused the former Radio 1, Capital and Capital Xtra DJ of abusing his position in the music industry. BBC News and the Guardian investigated claims from 10 women who came forward after the initial allegations, with some claiming they encountered Westwood when they were under 18. The testimonies of these and other women, some of whom claim the alleged encounters affected their mental health, feature in a new BBC News documentary, Hip Hop’s Open Secret: Tim Westwood, which raises concerns about his behaviour. Among them are allegations from a woman who claims she met the DJ at a student club night when she was 20 and allegedly was sexually assaulted by Westwood in his hotel room by him pushing his penis in her mouth while she was resisting. Westwood had previously denied the claims of seven women, with a rep saying in response to the BBC documentary: ‘Our client confirms that there has never been any complaint made against him, whether officially or unofficially, relating to claims of inappropriate behaviour of the nature described.’ He also stepped down from his weekly show on Capital Xtra ‘until further notice’ in April according to a statement from the radio station’s parent company Global at the time of the allegations. Westwood worked at the BBC for 19 years and Capital Radio between 1987 and 1994, before joining Capital Xtra in 2013. A spokesperson for Global told the BBC: ‘If Global is going to provide comment we will let you know.’ BBC Director General Tim Davie said the claims against Westwood would be investigated and a report published within two weeks, adding: ‘We have an internal audit separate to myself working to the senior independent director, Nick Serota, going through now, responding to anything that is coming into us. ‘We have no objective apart from to ensure everything is flushed out and we understand exactly what happened with regards to the BBC and also to do the right thing and [ensure] any cases are looked at.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Tim Westwood for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC reveals six complaints against DJ Tim Westwood amid allegations of bullying and sexual misconduct MORE : Tim Westwood steps down from Capital  Xtra radio show after sexual misconduct allegations 