Jacques O’Neill is back in the UK after quitting Love Island, and he’s now been seen for the first time since his tear-jerking exit. During last night’s episode, the rugby player told paramedic Paige Thorne that he’d decided to leave the show after not feeling like he could ‘be himself’ or the ‘best’ version that he felt she deserved. Tears were shed between the couple, who’ve had a rollercoaster journey since Jacques dalliance with Cheyanne Kerr during Paige’s time away in Casa Amor was revealed. On Wednesday, the 23-year-old headed over to a shopping centre in Yorkshire with a friend, dressed casually in a white T-shirt, beige trousers and black trainers. He also accessorised with a flashy silver watch and transparent-framed glasses, styling his hair in his signature side quiff. In one picture, he was seen taking his spectacles off while holding his phone close to his chest, while also being spotted looking down at something intriguing on his device. Following his departure from Love Island, his mum confirmed that he was home in the UK with a post on Instagram. She also shared an emotional compilation of her son’s time on the series originally made by a fan, which included clips of him hanging out with Paige and close friend Luca. Despite Jacques previously dating Luca’s partner Gemma Owen, Luca admitted that if it wasn’t for Gemma in the villa, he would have quit alongside Jacques. Upon his return to the UK, Jacques paid a visit to his former rugby team the Castleford Tigers, who released him from his contract so he could go on Love Island. When asked about the prospect of resigning him, which they hinted they would do in the near future, the team’s head coach admitted the discussions were yet to be had. ‘I think he’ll want to make a couple of million first and then maybe dip his toe into rugby league, we’ll have to see,’ he joked. He also remarked that Jacques looked ‘jaded’ when he visited his teammates, having ‘had no sleep’. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Jacques O’Neill’s former rugby team casts doubt on immediate resigning: ‘He’ll want to make a couple million first’ MORE : Jacques O’Neill’s Love Island exit is a promising sign reality stars are learning when to call time 