We should all be reaching for the sun block sunny weather, and SPF needs to be a part of your daily skin routine, but did you know your dog needs sun protection too? A poll of 2,000 dog owners has found that, worryingly, 46% didn’t realise their pets need sun protection, while 55% weren’t aware of any potential side effects of their dog being sunburned. On top of that, 57% never apply sunscreen when they take their dogs outdoors, and 40% think it’s fine to use human sunscreen on dogs even though these products can contain chemicals that may be toxic for them. With history-making weather warnings in place for a scorching spike in the heatwave next week, it’s especially important to make it clear that dogs can burn too. On top of that, 51% are planning to take their pet on a summer staycation this year, with 88% who purchased a pup during the pandemic taking them on their first holiday, so Hotel booking platform Hoo has launched a campaign to encourage dog owners to get their pets some SPF. Vet Dr Anna Ewers Clark, veterinary research and standards lead at national pet charity Blue Cross, said: ‘Fur is a really great natural sun protector. But there are areas where they won’t have a lot of fur, and those are the key hotspots we worry about, like their ears and the tip of their nose. ‘A lot of dogs’ bellies are sparsely furred. If you have a pet who has a light, very thin coat they are a lot more sensitive to sun damage. ‘Plenty of dogs will naturally avoid the sun but not all of them. One of the biggest problems we see is with dogs who like to sunbathe. ‘People love to see their pets lying out in the sun, they think it’s so cute. ‘But even if it’s not a hot day, we know that temperature isn’t always linked to UV damage. ‘If you go walking with your dog and take them to the beach, along cliff tops or even up mountains you don’t often feel the heat from the sun because you have a nice breeze. ‘But the reflection off the waves and being higher up can make that risk higher. ‘There is often not a lot of shade, so your pet is forced to be out in the sun all day which they may love if they’re having a great day running around, but you don’t want them coming back with sunburn.’ On the plus side, the study also found that 46% of those surveyed were aware of their dogs’ SPF needs, and 21% ensure their pets sun protection is seen to every time they leave the house. Gen Z, who are aged 18-24, are more conscious of their dog’s sunscreen needs, with 65% already aware that their little buds need SPF similar to people. Dr Anna said: ‘Human sunscreen has a number of additives in them and fragrances which can be an irritant to dogs’ skin, so using a pet-safe sunscreen is the best way forward. ‘Make sure you are applying that before going into the sunshine – ideally 15 minutes before giving it a chance to soak in. ‘If you’re using SPF 30 on your dog, reapply every 30 to 45 minutes. It’s very difficult to over-apply it so if in doubt, put on another layer. ‘The minimum safe SPF for dogs is 30. But with any new cream, test it on your dog before you need it. ‘One of the things with pets which we don’t have to think about so much with people is making sure they don’t lick it straight off. ‘I sometimes recommend that if you have a dog that quite likes a treat or a puzzle feeder, put sunscreen on them and give them the puzzle feeder to distract them for a few minutes while it soaks in because otherwise it will lick it straight off. ‘It’s easier to reapply when you’re out because they’re distracted by everything else that’s going on. Reapplication is important so take it with you. ‘When you’re putting some on yourself, make sure you put it on for your pet as well.’ Duncan McKenna, founder of Hoo, which is giving away bottles of dog-friendly sunscreen for every dog-friendly hotel booking made through the site for the next two weeks, said: ‘More than three million households became pet owners during the pandemic, and many studies have shown how our pooches have got us through a really tough time. ‘It’s only right that we take them with us this summer as many will be taking their first real break in two long years. ‘It would be terrible for pooches to then not enjoy their time away due to dreaded sunburn that can be avoided. It’s a great way for the family to upgrade their experiences – pups and all.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : What the Met Office level 4 extreme heat red alert means and how to react to it MORE : How to spot if your dog or cat has heatstroke and how to help them MORE : How to keep your kids cool at night during the heatwave