Ukraine’s president, Volodymyr Zelensky, has said he feels ‘sympathetic’ towards Boris Johnson and ‘saddened’ by his resignation. The British prime minister had phoned his counterpart on Thursday afternoon to ‘reiterate the United Kingdom’s steadfast support’ for Ukraine despite the chaos in Westminster. He stressed there was ‘unwavering support’ across Parliament for the Ukrainian people and that Britain will keep sending them military aid ‘for as long as needed’. Downing Street said he finished the call by telling Mr Zelensky: ‘You’re a hero, everybody loves you.’ In a statement after the phone call, the Ukrainian leader said: ‘We all heard this news (of Johnson’s resignation) with sadness. ‘Not only me, but also the entire Ukrainian society, which is very sympathetic to you. ‘We have no doubt that Great Britain’s support will be preserved, but your personal leadership and charisma made it special.’ Hours earlier, Mr Johnson had taken to a podium outside Downing Street to announce he will be stepping down as Tory leader in the coming days. This will trigger a process to select a new prime minister, though Mr Johnson has said he will stay on as a ‘caretaker’ leader until then. The PM has since pledged not to make any ‘major changes of direction’ during his remaining time at No 10. This followed criticism from some Tories of his insistence on staying on as ‘caretaker’ instead of handing over to his deputy, Dominic Raab. Former PM John Major has led calls for the leadership contest to be sped up if Mr Johnson refuses to let Mr Raab take over in the meantime. According to the Mirror, two Tory sources say Mr Johnson is motivated to stay on by the prospect of having a huge wedding party with wife Carrie at Chequers, the Buckinghamshire manor which serves as the country house for whoever is currently PM. The couple tied the knot in May last year but celebrated with just a few guests due to Covid restrictions, planning a more lavish do for July 30 of this year. Allies of the PM have hit out at the claims, inisting he is staying on out of a sense of duty. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.