Love Island fans saw the girls whisked off to Casa Amor on Friday night, and even host Laura Whitmore couldn’t resist hinting there could be some shock decisions to come. It’s what all the viewers have been waiting for, and the arrival of the girls at Casa Amor finally happened on Friday night. Indiyah Polack, Danica Taylor, Gemma Owen, Tasha Ghouri, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Paige Thorne all were taken out for a ‘girls night’ before arriving at the famous love pad. For those unacquainted, Casa Amor sees the boys and girls split up, with the boys this year staying in the main villa, while the gals go off to another house. A new batch of singletons are brought in for each group, and at the end of the experience, decide whether they want to stay in their current couples, or crack on with someone new. The aftermath of the interlude has provided some of the biggest shocks ever on the show, and the host herself is sure there will be more to come when the girls return to the villa. In a post n her Instagram stories, Laura mouthed over a piece of audio that said: ‘Should we do it? Should we go do the correct thing? ‘Hahaha, never. Let’s make poor decisions!’ The clip was also captioned: ‘Islanders going into Casa Amor.’ It’s hard to know which islanders will end up staying loyal to their current partners, or who will have their heads well and truly turned by a newcomer. Even the most solid of pairings can sometimes end up in tears after some new contestants are added into the mix. Laura recently spoke out on how she sometimes wishes she could wade in with her thoughts on the islanders’ decisions post-Casa Amor. Chatting to Claudia Winkleman on Radio 2 last month, she previously shared: ‘You feel a bit protective. Last year at Casa Amor, I know who is coming back and who isn’t, that kills me. ‘I want to say, “Oh, what are you doing?” but I can’t. I get told off for talking too much. I hate having that information!’ Six new boys – including Ronan Keating’s son Jack – and six new girls have now entered the villa and its spin-off home, hoping to crack on with their favourite existing islanders. But will any of them manage to prove too big a distraction to ignore in the coming days? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Luca Bish organises very casual surprise birthday present for sister while he’s in Love Island villa MORE : Love Island’s Hugo Hammond shuts down Sharon Gaffka’s ‘inappropriate touching’ claims: ‘Something like this is seriously damaging’ 