A suspected paedophile has been evicted from a Travelodge where he had been living among guests with children for three months, according to reports. The pensioner is allegedly wanted by police in Poland investigating the sexual abuse of children and is currently fighting extradition charges. After appearing at Westminster Magistrates’ Court, he was bailed and allowed to stay at one of the chain’s hotels in Bedford. It is still unclear which one he had been residing at as the company has four locations in the town. But the man has now been removed after the Sunday Express contacted the company about him. According to the newspaper, he was given permission to stay in the hotel after he was arrested last September on a European Arrest Warrant. Another man, who is fighting extradition to Romania where he is wanted on embezzlement charges, was also allowed to stay in a Travelodge in London. After being arrested last year, the man, who is in his 30s, was placed in a hotel in London. Initially, he was due to stay at another address in the capital but the court changed this to the Travelodge in Docklands Central between April and May. In a statement given to the newspaper, Travelodge confirmed both men are no longer living in their hotels. A spokesperson for the chain said: ‘The safety and security of our customers and staff is of paramount importance to us. ‘We can confirm that we do not have agreements in place to provide bail accommodation and that these two individuals are no longer staying in our hotels. ‘We do work with a range of third parties and have stipulated to them that we do not accept bookings for individuals that are alleged to be a sex offender or paedophile.’ Bedford Borough Council also told the paper staff carry out checks with police before placing anyone in temporary accommodation. ‘If someone has a criminal conviction they would be housed appropriately,’ a spokesperson said. ‘We would not knowingly place a convicted sex offender in a hotel.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.