Viewers were thrown on Thursday after This Morning opened with a musical broadcast from the forest, less than an hour after news of Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s impending resignation broke. Mr Johnson faced almost 50 resignations in less than 24 hours, and a Number 10 source had just reported that he had spoken to Tory 1922 Committee chairman Sir Graham Brady and agreed to stand down, with a new Tory leader set to be in place by the party conference in October. The news forced Lorraine off the air, but minutes later This Morning began as usual at 10am – although audiences were left rather baffled after being greeted by a live performance from a forest. The show was running its summer ‘forestival’ from an outdoor studio in the woods, and tribute act the Bootleg Beatles kicked things off with a lively rendition of the group’s classic tune, Get Back. ‘Well… this isn’t one of the trippiest ways to celebrate Boris Johnson’s leaving,’ tweeted one person, while another joked: ‘Is this a leaving party for Boris?’ Some were digging the surrealness, with one saying the show’s opener was ‘exactly what we all needed’. ‘It’s like a bad acid trip,’ they quipped. ‘Hope they are’nt [sic] singing this to Boris,’ commented another viewer, with two crying with laughter emojis. Following the opening song, hosts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby popped up, and Phillip couldn’t resist making a joke about the ‘reflective mood’ of the mirror-suited dancers matching that of Mr Johnson. They then dived into the day’s news, and guest Gyles Brandreth’s jumper was attracting some serious attention too, as he appeared with ‘the end’ emblazoned across his chest. ‘Giles [sic] Brandreth winning the jumper game this morning,’ wrote one fan. ‘Currently loving Giles [sic] Brandreth’s jumper on This Morning,’ said another. JLS singer Aston Merrygold had been less than two minutes in to his interview with Lorraine Kelly earlier on ITV, before she cut the chat short, saying: ‘Now, I tell you what, we’ve got more on that news from Westminster. ‘We’re going to hand you over to ITV News with all of the breaking news about the imminent resignation of Boris Johnson.’ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Osman jokes Boris Johnson’s resignation speech will be ‘sober and classy’ as celebrities celebrate PM’s impending exit MORE : BBC News presenter caught scrolling on phone with feet up on desk mid-broadcast 