Boris Johnson said Tory rebels need to ‘calm down and stop bickering’ as he shamelessly vowed to stay on in No 10. The prime minister said he wants to ‘get on with the job’ despite the slow motion collapse of his government as over a dozen members of his top team quit in protest over his leadership. Children’s minister Will Quince, schools minister Robin Walker, and economy minister John Glenn were among the latest to walk out and  criticise the integrity of Mr Johnson’s operation after it emerged he appointed a man to a senior job despite knowing about sexual misconduct allegations. Tory rebels are now plotting another No Confidence Vote to oust the PM while Labour is calling for a snap election. But Mr Johnson shrugged off the criticism and reportedly told friends: ‘I’m not going anywhere.’ According to the Mailonline, he told allies: ‘I’m going to smash on and deliver for the people who gave us a massive mandate. ‘Everyone just needs to calm down, stop bickering and let us get on with the job in hand.’ The prime minister also ruled out a snap election to shore up support, branding the calls from Labour ‘nonsense’. Mr Johnson’s defiance comes the morning after the dramatic resignations of Chancellor Rishi Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid plunged his government into crisis. A humiliating apology over the Chris Pincher scandal was unable to prevent the departure of the two senior ministers and potential leadership rivals, with both writing incendiary resignation letters. Mr Sunak said ‘the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously’, adding: ‘I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning.’ Mr Javid, who is expected to give a resignation statement in the House of commons today, said the British people ‘expect integrity from their government’ but voters now believed Mr Johnson’s administration was neither competent nor ‘acting in the national interest’. The prime minister propped up his government last night by drafting in Nadhim Zahawi to run the Treasury and Steve Barclay to take over the Department of Health. Chippenham MP Michelle Donelan has been appointed as Education Secretary, which was held by Zahawi before his promotion. But the Cabinet reshuffle does not appear to have persuaded Mr Johnson’s critics to hold fire. Will Quince confirmed he was leaving his role at the education department this morning, referencing ‘inaccurate’ briefings he received from Number 10. He was rolled out on the air waves last week to defend Boris Johnson over Chris Pincher, who resigned as deputy chief whip last week after allegedly groping two men while drunk at a private member’s club in London. No 10 initially said the prime minister had no knowledge of prior allegations against the Tamworth MP before appointing him to the Whips office – but a former civil servant cast doubt on that line in a bombshell statement saying the prime minister was informed about an investigation into Mr Pincher’s ‘inappropriate behaviour’ in 2019. The government later admitted Boris Johnson was told in person about allegations – but that he forgot about them. Mr Johnson later acknowledged he had previously been informed of  the claims against Mr Pincher and said he regretted keeping him in government beyond that point. But the apology was not enough to save the embattled leader from a deepening mutiny. Mr Quince was swiftly followed by Robin Walker, the schools minister, who said the work of the government has ‘become overshadowed by mistakes and questions about integrity. Laura Trott also quit as Parliamentary Private Secretary (PPS) to the Department for Transport, saying ‘trust in politics has been lost’. Economy minister John Glen also resigned, followed by Felicity Buchan, the PPS in the Department of Business. Shortly afterwards, Home Office Minister Victoria Atkins also resigned, followed by health minister Jo Churchill and housing minister Stuart Andrew. Two private secretaries for the Treasury, Selaine Saxby and  Claire Coutinho have also resigned, as well as PPS to the Department for Education David Johnston. Meanwhile, a host of backbench MPs have announced they are withdrawing their support for the prime minister. Mr Johnson now faces a tough day ahead as he braces for a hostile chamber during PMQs at noon, where he may face public calls for him to go from his own backbenchers. The PM is also due to appear before the liaison committee later in the afternoon to be grilled by a panel of MPs. Meanwhile, the 1922 committee of backbench MPs are said to be meeting at 5pm to discuss changing rules to hold another vote of confidence. The PM’s authority had already been damaged by a confidence vote last month which saw 41% of his own MPs withdraw their support. The loss of crunch by-elections in Tiverton and Honiton and Wakefield in June triggered the resignation of party chairman Oliver Dowden, while there is still lingering anger over coronavirus lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.  