Paige Thorne and Adam Collard finally turned up the heat in Love Island last night to share their first kiss – and what a kiss it was. Adam may have a lot of work cut out to convince the nation he’s changed his ways since his first time on the show in 2018, but his smooch with Paige was actually the real deal. Last night’s Love Island was packed with chaos, with the girls turning on Luca Bish who laughed at their distress at watching the boys crack on and make vile remarks about them. Paige spent the night comforting her girls while Adam was so fresh to the villa he could just watch along as a spectator like the rest of us. While everyone else fought in different corners of the villa, Adam and Paige had their first snog. Metro.co.uk’s Love Island body language expert and star of our weekly YouTube series Love or Lie Island Judi James explains why their kiss was actually the ‘most authentic’ of the series so far. ‘We’re supposed to go misty-eyed and gooey at the first kisses in the villa but most of the contestants have been going at them like self-conscious teenagers, lunging in from nowhere then jumping back and apart as soon as it is finished,’ she says. ‘Even Davide seems to have learned his kissing technique on a drama course, lunging in to press lips with no sense of passion before pulling out to suggest it was a “reward kiss”, selfie-style ritual for girls who want a bit of Davide. ‘With Adam and Paige we did at least get a kiss build-up that made their kiss an inevitable part of the flirt process rather than a swift in and out for the cameras. Danika might still hold the ‘player of the match’ award for flirting with the doubled-over splits she aimed at Billy, but Paige’s erotic stroking of Adam’s inner thigh with her fingertips has to run a close second. ‘If Paige is ever feeling too chilled to bother with flirting she could always just have a hat with ‘go ahead and kiss me’ written on the front instead. She shimmied her shoulders in a gesture of approval and anticipation and there was some auto-contact displays as she touched her own bare thigh too. Paige’s toes were literally curling upward in anticipation of the kiss and her foot-tapping suggested she just wanted Adam to get on with it. ‘In response to Paige’s touch signals, Adam was showing his experience and skills by keeping his hand held away from Paige’s back. This delayed gratification technique would have kept her guessing a bit and even working for the kiss. ‘Mr “You make me feel so nervous” pretty much proved she doesn’t when Adam sat back splayed confidently and with one leg crossed high over the other as they flirted. The way he cocked his head back to say ‘come here’ was full of cheeky arrogance and of course Paige was over like a shot. Their kiss involved mutual head and face cradling and she sent him approval signals like a flirty one shoulder-shrug after they parted. ‘Unlike the others parting after their first kisses though, Paige and Adam told us non-verbally that the kiss was an ice-breaker that might lead to closeness and more intimacy. Adam finally touched her back and neck; they kept their heads close together after the kiss, and there was a small slap of a play-fight as they pretended to be relieved they had got the kiss over with.’ Despite only being in the villa for a week, and days after Jacques O’Neill quit Love Island, Paige and Adam are now front-runners to win the series with just two weeks to go. However, as we all know, in two weeks anything can happen in the Love Island villa… Love island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Catch Love or Lie Island every Thursday on Metro.co.uk. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 