Saudi Arabia’s public investment fund (PIF) has expanded its sports investment portfolio by purchasing a stake in the Aston Martin brand, including the Formula 1 team it runs under the same name. A 17 percent share in the parent Aston Martin business has been sold to the PIF, making it the second largest shareholder in the business after Canadian billionaire Lawrence Stroll. Aston Martin has performed poorly financially in recent years, running up debts just shy of £1bn, and its F1 team is among the slowest on the F1 grid this year. Stroll made his own investment into Aston Martin 2020, later re-branding the Racing Point F1 team he purchased in the summer of 2018. Stroll’s son Lance is employed as one of the team’s two drivers, alongside four-time world champion and climate change activist Sebastian Vettel. ‘Overall, this is a game changing event for Aston Martin, supporting the delivery of our strategic plans and accelerating our long-term growth potential,’ Stroll said. ‘It transforms our balance sheet, liquidity and cashflow profile and provides greater clarity on our pathway to become sustainably free cash flow positive and create significant shareholder value.’ Saudi oil giant Aramco, also owned by the PIF, has been title sponsor of the Aston martin team since the beginning of the season. The deal with the squad is not the PIF’s first investment in F1, though, with the fund already the third biggest shareholder in McLaren since July last year. The gulf nations has held two F1 races since it joined the calendar at the end of 2021, and pays a £50m hosting fee to F1 for each event. Saudi Arabia’s investments in sport have been highly controversial. The PIF purchased an 80 percent stake in Newcastle last autumn from previous owner Mike Ashley, in a contentious takeover which forms part of the Gulf nation’s plan to ‘sportswash’ its international image. The fund also finances the LIV Golf series which has drawn widespread condemnation from golfers including Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy. Sportswashing is a widely used term which describes a nation with a poor global reputation trying to launder its reputation by associating itself with successful sporting institutions and cultural touchstones. Saudi Arabia has held Formula 1 races since 2021 for the same reason, and the United Arab Emirates and Qatar’s ownership of Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain respectively forms part of similar plans in those nations. The PIF’s entertainment and technology investments include Facebook, Disney, and Nintendo. The Middle East nations primarily make their income from oil, but with the world needing to leave oil behind and make use of more sustainable energy sources in future in order to avoid devastating climate change, they are trying to reinforce their economies by increasing tourism and international influence through sport. The public investment fund’s sports investments have drawn widespread criticism from human rights groups, with Saudi Arabia among the worst performing countries in the world on issues including freedom of the press, LGBTQ+ and women’s rights, and the death penalty. MORE : Former F1 champion Piquet facing court and huge fine over racist abuse of Hamilton MORE : Red Bull chief blames Lewis Hamilton for 'dampening' young driver's F1 career For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 