Only Murders In The Building isn’t going anywhere – the gang will be back for another adventure. While we’re all busy enjoying Mabel, Charles and Oliver’s adventures in the ongoing second series, the team has confirmed season three is definitely going to happen with Selena Gomez, Steve Martin and Martin Short all making their return. In a post on the show’s official Twitter, one of the trio’s Arconia neighbours wrote: ‘My neighbors have a special message for you all: #OnlyMurdersInTheBuilding will return for Season 3! ‘Now I just have to worry about who’s next… I hope it’s not me!’ In a teaser for an episode jokingly titled We’re Getting The Hang of This, we’re treated to a message from the true crime gurus. ‘Hey! Hope you’re enjoying season two of Only Murders In The Building,’ Charles says, while Mabel adds: ‘Guess what? All of your favourite characters are gonna be returning for season 3!’ In a hilarious twist, Oliver replies: ‘Oh that’s so exciting! So you two knew that? No one’s told me…’ Mabel doesn’t reply, while Charles seems surprised he’s still in the group – but we’re sure he’ll be back for another run. Then again, the second season isn’t over yet so there’s plenty of time for more twists and turns over the coming weeks, and the show has taught us that anything can happen. Showrunner John Hoffman recently teased some intriguing news for the upcoming episodes, and suggested we should always expect the unexpected. ‘There’s so much hope for a season three that comes from all of us,’ he told Metro.co.uk. ‘Everyone involved in the show has really loved this experience. ‘And so, we are very hopeful about a season three, and as a little bit of a tease, the story lends itself at the end of our season two, so hang tight at the end of season two. So we do aim towards a new something or other leading us to season three.’ There’s also the possibility of more guest stars, with Cara Delevingne joining the season two cast as new character Alice, who appears as Mabel’s love interest. Now, we just have to wait for more announcements… Only Murders In The Building is streaming on Disney+. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Only Murders In The Building fans should be ‘hopeful’ for season 3 as ‘story lends itself’ for more twists and turns MORE : Only Murders In The Building: Where is the series filmed and is it a real apartment block? 