Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. This week we’re speaking to Alice Farnham, an inspiring female conductor who wants to help other women get a leg up in this male-dominated industry. Alice is known for her work in training the next generation of conductors and is co-founder of Women Conductors with the Royal Philharmonic Society – a program to encourage women into conducting. She’s been spotlighted as one of the best in the industry and while working on mentoring, she still conducts, works internationally, and has even made time to write a book – In Good Hands: The Making of a Modern Conductor – which is due to be published next year. The 52-year-old shows no signs of stopping as she works to make conducting a more balanced profession. Over her 30-year career she’s certainly ‘made it’ – so here’s how it happened. Hey Alice. What made you get into conducting? Many different factors, though initially I had to as part of my job as an organist. It gradually became more important and enjoyable to me than playing the organ – practising up in a cold organ loft for hours on end can be quite lonely. I’m much more interested in direct communication with other musicians, so I began to pursue that. How did you train and how long for? I have a degree in music and later when I had this realisation, I spent three years postgraduate conducting training in St Petersburg. But actually you never stop learning, I believe. Did you have a big break? Not so much big breaks as working away at many different levels and gradually getting known. 2013 was a pivotal year as I conducted two operas by Benjamin Britten’s – Rape of Lucretia at the Mariinsky Theatre in St Petersburg and Paul Bunyan at Welsh National Youth Opera. It’s also the year I co-founded Women Conductors, a programme to encourage women into conducting, which is so important as not enough women are welcomed into the industry. How hard is it to establish yourself in this world? These days it’s a little more regulated with many more competitions and young artists programmes. A few decades ago, for some it was incredibly hard, for others it was very easy at the start – particularly if you were well-connected. However, for everyone it’s hard to turn those initial opportunities into a well-established career – getting invited back to conduct an orchestra is the key. It’s mostly freelance, even if you have a music director position, it’s likely only to be part-time. Very few jobs are advertised, so there’s much networking to be done whether you like it or not. Do you have to overcome any barriers as a woman? Yes, many, though these are rapidly falling away for the most part. In 2014 the gender ratio of women holding conducting positions in UK orchestras was 1.4%. It’s gone up considerably since then, but fluctuates and is still well under 10%. For me as a young woman it was really hard to be taken seriously because it was so unusual to see a woman on the podium, it was hard for some people to believe a woman could really do the job. I didn’t look like a conductor. Early in my career I had some horrendous sexist comments, but I tried very hard to ignore them – and kept going. What’s your favourite thing about the job? Making wonderful music and knowing I’m going to keep learning all my life. The least favourite? Drawing up rehearsal schedules for operas. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a model – it’s not glam and I don’t get free clothes’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a costume maker for TV and London’s West End shows’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’ve grafted my way to the top of the makeup artistry industry’