Kim Kardashian can add another string to her bow – Paris Couture Week model. The reality star/mogul/jack-of-all-trades got her intriguing model strut down this week as she took to the runway in a star-studded show from the French fashion house. What’s more, she was joined by the likes of supermodels Naomi Campbell and Bella Hadid, singer Dua Lipa and actress Nicole Kidman in a cacophony of fashion for our Wednesday. Oh Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn was also in the show. We cannot stress enough that we are gasping at the whole shebang. Kim – who is in Paris with her extraordinarily fashionable nine-year-old North West, and her mum/momager Kris Jenner – has long been a Balenciaga fan, fronting its recent bag campaign, but this couture show takes her involvement to a whole new level. The blonde star wore an extravagant black gown with long sleeve-glove hybrids (totally a thing) as she slowly sauntered through a series of rooms that made up the maze of a runway in the French capital, teaming the dress with black stockings and rather angular heels that’ll have your eye out with one wrong move. It marked just another Balenciaga moment for Kimmy, who caused a stir recently after wrapping herself up like a Balenciaga mummy in bright yellow tape for Paris Fashion Week in March. On hand for moral support from the bleachers, Kardashian matriarch Kris sat opposite Vogue doyenne Anna Wintour on the front row, as her daughter meandered past amid a roll call of who’s who in the entertainment bizz. One Kiss singer Dua, in a canary yellow, one-shoulder dress, glided between the guests, followed by Bella – whose brother Anwar Hadid was recently in a long-term relationship with the pop star – in a green half -mini-skirt. After Bella came Kim, who was followed by Oscar-winning actress Nicole, who looked like something from a picnic table, as she rocked a metallic silver dress we can’t help but compare to tin foil (you can take that as our official fashion police critique) and long black gloves. She sauntered past husband Keith Urban who was sitting in the front row just a few seats up from Anna. In a grand gown and closing out the stars, Naomi brought the OG model glam, with punters forced to move out of the way of her monstrous dress as it struggled to fit in the room. That’s one way to steal a runway, even if one did comment under the fashion house’s post on Twitter: ‘Why do they all look like they have severe back pain??’ That’s fashion, dahling. MORE : Kim Kardashian steps out with Barnsley on her bum and there’s a very wholesome hidden reason behind it Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.