Jasprit Bumrah set a Test world record after smashing 35 runs in a single over from Stuart Broad at Edgbaston. The India skipper came to the crease with his side in a commanding position following centuries from middle-order batsmen Rishabh Pant and Ravindra Jadeja. England, however, would have at least felt confident of keeping the tourists to under 400 when they were 375-9 as No.11 Mohammed Siraj strode to the crease. Broad’s tactic of peppering Bumrah with a barrage of bouncers spectacularly backfired, however, as the tailender continuously hoiked the England seam bowler to the boundary with a series of unconventional hook and pull shots. Bumrah’s teammates could scarcely believe what they were witnessing, with Virat Kohli seen laughing uncontrollably in the dressing room when his teammate fell to his feet after one less than elegant pirouette. The over culminated in chaotic fashion when Bumrah pinched a quick single with Siraj just about making his ground, despite broad diving full-length to break the stumps. Bumrah’s extraordinary effort broke the 28 runs taken off a James Anderson over in 2013 when George Bailey hit him for two sixes at Perth. Brian Lara, meanwhile, also smashed 28 runs off a Robin Pieterson over in 2003. India’s innings finally ended when Siraj skied Anderson to Broad at mid-off but the damage had firmly been done with the tourists smashing 78 runs from nearly 12 overs on the second morning to finish on 416 all out. And while Bumrah’s miraculous hitting had to be applauded, former England spinner Phil Tuffnell was left baffled by Broad’s approach. ‘England have to change how they bat here,’ he told the BBC. ‘They need to be careful. All well and good about going out there and being positive, and giving it a whack, but you could very easily find yourself behind in the game.’ MORE : Ben Stokes’ entertainment mission has breathed new life into England, and Test cricket MORE : England’s Cricket World Cup winning captain Eoin Morgan confirms retirement from international cricket For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 