Gordon Ramsay has never been one to shy away from stirring up controversy and causing outrage, and he’s served up a fresh batch of both this week. The TV chef, 55, posted a video of himself to TikTok on Thursday in which he can be seen teasing a flock of lambs before selecting one for the slaughter. Having made his name as an angry head chef and restaurateur on Kitchen Nightmares and Hell’s Kitchen, his fans are aware of his love for cooking meat. But the manner in which he approached the lambs in the clip has upset some of his followers on the social media platform, with one user even asking if Ramsay had ‘lost it’. In the video, Ramsay can be seen scaling the fence of the pen the lambs are being held in, saying ‘I’m going to eat you’ while rubbing his hands together and repeating the phrase ‘yummy yummy’. As the video continues, he then asks the lambs, ‘Who’s going in the oven first?’ and remarks that it is soon to be ‘oven time’ for the lamb in question. He then points at a lamb and shouts ‘You!’ before climbing over the fence, which appears to startle the flock, before following them into the corner of the pen. Ramsay’s followers have speculated that the 30-second video might well be a response to a TikTok feud the chef found himself a part of back in January. Vegan TikTok user ThatVeganTeacher (real name Kadie Karen Diekmeyer) posted a song to the platform, directed at Ramsay, and quickly gathered over 100,00 views. In the video, she can be heard singing: ‘Eating animals is wrong, Gordon Ramsay. Hurting animals is wrong, Gordon Ramsay. Share this song, and if you call me a donut, that’s fine as long as you’re vegan from now on.’ Ramsay had already responded to her song by posting a video of himself eating a beef burger and referring to ThatVeganTeacher as a ‘donut’. But fans believe that he will once again be playing ‘the villain’ in Diekmeyer’s future TikTok uploads as a result of the video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gordon Ramsay and Rachel Stevens among famous faces spotted at ITV’s star-studded summer party MORE : The Big Questions: Fred Sirieix on Gino D’Acampo hijinks, ‘killjoy’ Gordon Ramsay and why we want to be French