Labour is ramping up pressure on Boris Johnson to resign as Prime Minister immediately, claiming he’s a risk to the nation’s security. It follows the PM’s admission that he met with a former Russian spy during his time as foreign secretary, without either his security team or officials present. Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner and Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper have written to senior cabinet minister Kit Malthouse demanding a full investigation. They want MI5 to conduct a damage assessment into a meeting between Mr Johnson and Alexander Lebedev three years ago, reports The Mirror. Mr Johnson admitted to the Commons Liasion Committee that he had visited the ex-KGB officer on April 28, 2018 at his son Evgeny’s luxury Italian holiday home. Evgeny now owns the London Evening Standard and was given a peerage by the outgoing PM. Labour also wants MI5 to investigate Mr Johnson’s phone to see if it was bugged and whether secret documents from the Nato summit he attended were compromised. The senior Lebedev is currently sanctioned by Canada over his connections to Vladimir Putin amid the war in Ukraine. At the time of the meeting, Theresa May’s cabinet and the UK was in the grip of a fallout over the Novichok attack in Salisbury. Ms Rayner said: ‘If the PM is found to have breached national security protocols he has no option but to leave office immediately and face the full consequences of the law. ‘He poses an ongoing threat to national security. This murky affair has been covered up for too long already.’ Foreign Office records show Mr Johnson arrived for the visit with a mystery guest but left on his own. Ms Rayner and Ms Cooper want the guest identified, and also want Parliament’s Intelligence and Security committee to review the findings of the probe. A Number 10 spokesperson said: ‘Boris Johnson, as Foreign Secretary and as Prime Minister, has led the way in standing up to Russian aggression.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.