A transgender man who tricked two women and a teenage girl into sexual relationships by using a strap-on penis has been jailed for 10 years. Tarjit Singh, who was born a female named Hannah Walters but now identifies as a man, had abusive relationships with each of his three victims between June 2010 and March 2016. During the course of the relationships, the 32-year-old wore clothes during intercourse and used strap-on sex toys in the dark. When they found out, he flew into a rage and beat them up, Snaresbrook Crown Court heard. He threatened to set fire to one victim during an incident where he doused her with lighter fluid. The same woman was left with a fractured nose from a mobile phone and a cut on her forehead. He also punched, slapped, and strangled her. Singh lured in his first victim after they began chatting on Facebook in 2010, just weeks after she had turned 16. He was 20 at the time. She was having problems at home with her conservative family and he ended up with a ‘vice-like’ grip on her during their brief relationship. He met his second victim in a chicken shop and his third, who has learning difficulties, on dating site Plenty of Fish. His first and third victims say they are now taking antidepressants because of his cruel behaviour and are struggling to lead a normal life. The youngest victim said in an impact statement that she felt she had been used by Singh in his ‘sick games’ and she feels ‘ashamed’. Singh, of Enfield, north London, was convicted of three counts of assault by penetration, six counts of assault occasioning actual bodily harm, and one count of making a threat to kill. He was jailed for a total of 10 years in prison with another three years on licence. A sexual harm prevention order was imposed. Judge Oscar Del Fabbro described him as a ‘dangerous offender’ who had committed repeated acts of violence and assaults against three ‘vulnerable’ victims. Each lived with him in what the judge called a ‘dangerous environment for them, riddled with violence’ and emotional problems inflicted by Singh. He described Singh as ‘an accomplished and manipulative liar’, saying he had been ‘aware that these women were vulnerable’ and had deceived them by ‘not truly revealing’ that he had been born biologically female. The judge said: ‘Instead of opening a frank and honest discussion about your gender and how you wanted to live your life, you chose a different path – you chose a path of deceit. ‘You persuaded them you were male and acted like you were male.’ One victim said: ‘He looked like a guy, he acted like a guy.’ She only discovered Singh had female genitalia after finding a prosthetic penis some months into their relationship. She told police she felt ‘so stupid’ that she had fallen for such lies. The court heard Singh has previous offences including false imprisonment, perverting the course of justice, administering a noxious substance, having a Taser, going equipped, causing unnecessary suffering to an animal and assault occasioning actual bodily harm. Kate Bex QC, defending Singh, said he has been diagnosed with a borderline personality disorder, gender dysphoria, and expert reports had stated he is a trans man. She said his deception did not cover the length of his relationships with his victims. She said: ‘Mr Singh has lived as a man for all his adult life and much of his teenage years. ‘He has never lived as a woman pretending to be a man, cross-dressing as a part-time fetish. He has always presented as a man.’ She said Singh is being held at a female prison and faces ridicule because his gender dysphoria is misunderstood. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.