Jennifer Lopez did her own make-up for her wedding to Ben Affleck and we now need her to become the next big YouTube beauty guru. The Love Don’t Cost A Thing singer, 52, tied the knot with the Gone Girl actor, 49, in a Las Vegas ceremony that no one saw coming. She’s also changed her name after walking down the aisle at the White Chapel, making the most casual announcement in an email to fans. ‘Love is a great thing, maybe the best of things-and worth waiting for’, she wrote, signing off with her new full name – Jennifer Lynn Affleck. The bride looked stunning in a white gown which she saved from an old film and while her hair was done by celebrity hair stylist Chris Appleton, the newlywed did her own glam. Hairdresser Chris – who’s styled hair for the likes of Kim Kardashian – posted a video of JLo on his TikTok, showing off one of her gorgeous gowns. ‘Last minute feelings before the wedding. Hair by me and makeup by JLo,’ he said. The Hustlers star hasn’t shared any deets of her look (we’re waiting), but it looked incredible, as she opted for a soft smoky eye with brown tones through her crease. Jennifer’s skin was as radiant and bronzed as ever and her brows strong, while she stuck with her signature pink glossy lip. Bennifer 2.0 were engaged for three months before tying the knot, but were actually due to marry back in 2002, when they first started dating. Jen and Ben got engaged that same year, but the engagement was short-lived, and they split in 2004 before reuniting in May 2021. Sharing details of her wedding with supporters, Jennifer described it as ‘the best possible wedding we could have imagined’. ‘One we dreamed of long ago and one made real (in the eyes of the state, Las Vegas, a pink convertible and one another) at very, very long last’, she added. She also thanked the venue ‘for letting me use the break room to change while Ben changed in the men’s room.’ ‘They were right when they said, “all you need is love”,’ she penned, proceeding to think about the future. ‘We are so grateful to have that in abundance, a new wonderful family of five amazing children and a life that we have never had more reason to look forward to.’ Jennifer has 14-year-old twins, Emme and Maximillian – who were present for their big day – while Ben fathers Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Samuel, 10. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Blackpink fans go wild as Jennie is spotted in trailer for The Weeknd’s HBO series The Idol MORE : ‘He wanted to play doctor on us’: Couple discover intruder actually living in their family home who planned to reconstruct their bodies 