It’s likely that at some time or another, you’ve had someone try to guess your star sign, or maybe you’ve wanted to put your observation powers to the test and try to guess someone else’s. How is it that some people manage to nail your sign with such accuracy? Well, they’re likely using some of these tips and tricks. (And by the way, an easy one: if anyone stares you down in this challenge and defies you to have a clue at guessing their sign, they’re probably a Scorpio – proud, challenging, private.) While there’s no totally foolproof method to getting someone’s star sign right – beyond just asking them for their birthday – there are some techniques that will help you land more often than you fall. The 12 signs are divided into four elements: Fire, Air, Earth and Water. Narrowing a person down to the right element gives you a much better chance of getting their sign right. How to spot the elements? Use your intuition. Think about how they come across to you, what words you’d use to describe them to a stranger, what their aura or presence feels like. An Air sign will come off as smart, analytical, talkative, curious and witty. A Water sign will feel super caring, empathetic, intuitive, emotional and sensitive. The Fire signs are often louder, passionate, creative, enthusiastic, or temperamental. Earth signs are the rock-solid crew, very practical, grounded, materialistic and stoic. Don’t overthink it or try to analyse too deeply. Let your mind relax and see what aspects of their nature come most strongly to mind. And, you’ve got a one in four chance of guessing right, which isn’t too bad. Once you’ve got their element figured out, you can narrow down even further. March 21 to April 20 Will often have a heavy brow, like a ram (their astrolical symbol), and has a lot of energy, can’t sit still, hates being bored, always moving. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries July 24 to August 23 Usually has GREAT hair (their mane, like a lion). Loves attention and praise, enjoys being centre-stage. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo November 23 to December 21 The zodiac’s flirt! Also has a clownish nature, loves jokes and naughtiness. Has a tendency to say what others are thinking but would never say out loud. Loves being wild. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius January 22 to February 19 Boffin-like, bit eccentric (especially in their fashion), humanitarian and always thinking of the big picture. Revolutionaries. Truth-tellers. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius September 24 to October 23 Diplomatic, tactful, charming, a big flirt. Will make you feel like you have their total attention. Ruled by Venus, so always looks elegant and sophisticated. Aesthetics are very important to a Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra May 22 to June 21 Likely to be slim, youthful, quick-moving with expressive arms and hands. Never stops talking! Knows a little about everything and loves to ask questions. Friendly. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini February 20 to March 20 Dreamy, languid, usually has large and dreamy eyes. Creative and intuitive and super kind. Will always pay you a lot of attention and care what you have to say. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces June 22 to July 23 Often has beautiful, glow-y skin and a roundish face. Funny, knowing, intuitive, understand everything, non-judgmental. You will find yourself telling them all of your secrets! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer October 24 to November 22 Proud, private, probing, brooding. The kind of person who has a magnetic presence without actually doing much. Crackles with sexual energy! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio April 21 to May 21 Strong frame, attractive, fashionable, loves food, very practical and persistent. Sensual, will always want to touch/taste/smell/eat stuff. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus August 24 to September 23 Detailed, perceptive, hyper-organized and well planned. A perfectionist who loves to help and do whatever needs doing. Will always be found lending a hand. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo December 22 to January 21 The hardest working sign, loves status symbols and expensive clothes/jewellery/cars etc. Has a very dry (and wicked) sense of humour, quiet but charismatic. Will want to talk careers. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best book for you to read this summer, according to your star sign MORE : A beginner’s guide to tarot: How to overcome common pitfalls and myths MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you