The Loose Women are feeling rather despondent following the news of Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid’s resignations, leaving Prime Minister Boris Johnson to reshuffle his cabinet. Janet Street-Porter in particular cast doubts over the government’s future, referring to the PM as the ‘greasy piglet’ and ‘slippery pig’ when discussing the major Parliamentary shake-up. Fellow panelist Coleen Nolan feels equally as deflated, and could only sigh and huff when quizzed on her thoughts on whether the Prime Minister is fit to lead the country. Speaking on Wednesday’s episode of the ITV show and joined by Christine Lampard and Brenda Edwards, the presenters shared their thoughts on whether they’ve lost faith in Johnson. Janet began: ‘The polls have shown for a few weeks now that the people of the country and viewers of this show have lost faith in the Prime Minister and don’t respect him. ‘But, I think everyone has to remember that Boris Johnson is known in Whitehall as the greased piglet or slippery pig,’ leading to chuckles amongst the panel as she explained that the PM is notorious for ‘blustering his way out’ of tight situations, such as ‘wallpaper gate’ and ‘party gate.’ She explained that reports claim the PM was told five times about alleged sexual misconduct within the party, adding that she thinks the chancellor and health secretary just took ‘too much’ before ultimately stepping down from their ministerial roles. After JSP branded their resignation letters ‘devastating,’ she said appointing new roles in the government is like ‘shuffling the deckchairs on the Titanic,’ with little hope for new chancellor Nadhim Zahawi. ‘How long can Boris stay in the job and continue to run the country if all these scandals dominate his life every day?’, she asked. Coleen doesn’t have confidence in the Labour party or its leader Sir Keir Starmer either, putting it simply: ‘I’m bored.’ ‘It’s just boys rowing. It’s annoying. It’s all screaming for Boris, saying he should resign, but then who? Then what? Because, from what I can tell, no one really trusts any of them. There’s no one coming in with better options.’ Brenda then called for a mass clear out of the government, saying we should ‘start from scratch’ with ‘real people who actually know what is going on and have their finger on the pulse outside.’ ‘It’s like when they changed Marathon to Snickers – it still tasted the same when you opened up the packet.’ Loose Women airs weekdays at 12:30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mae Martin’s thoughtful response to Bette Midler’s ‘transphobic’ tweet is compulsory reading MORE : Stranger Things season 5 theory potentially proves (spoiler) is still alive and will return as villain 