President Joe Biden has tested negative for the coronavirus after five days of isolation and in his first in-person remarks contrasted his recovery to that of former President Donald Trump. Speaking in the Rose Garden of the White House on Wednesday morning, Biden compared his quick recovery to that of Trump, without naming him, to make a case about the progress his administration has made. ‘Here’s the bottom line – when my predecessor got Covid, he had to get helicoptered to Walter Reed medical center. He was severely ill. Thankfully he recovered,’ said Biden. ‘When I got Covid, I worked from upstairs of the White House, in the offices upstairs, for the five-day period.’ Biden, who walked up to the podium wearing a mask which he then took off, said vaccinations in the past year have made a difference. ‘But also three new tools, free to all and widely available,’ he continued. ‘You don’t need to be president to get these tools to use for your defense. In fact, the same booster shots, the same at-home test, the same treatment that I got is available to you. ‘My administration has made sure that all Americans across the country, all walks of life, have free access to those tools. ‘Covid was killing thousands of Americans when I got here. You can live without fear by doing what I did – get boosted, get tests and get treatment.’ Coronavirus cases have been climbing in the US amid the new, highly transmissible BA.5 variant. But Biden said that coronavirus deaths are down nearly 90% now versus when he took office. Earlier on Wednesday, Biden tweeted an image of his negative Covid-19 test. ‘Back to the Oval,’ he wrote from his @POTUS account. ‘Thanks to Doc for the good care, and to all of you for your support.’ Biden had negative antigen tests on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, according to a letter from White House Physician Kevin O’Connor. The president completed his five-day course of Paxlovid 36 hours prior and stopped taking Tylenol, as he is ‘fever-free’. Biden’s ‘symptoms have been steadily improving, and are almost completely resolved’, according to O’Connor. ‘The President continues to be very specifically conscientious to protect any of the Executive Residence, White House, Secret Service and other staff whose duties require any (albeit socially distanced) proximity to him,’ stated O’Connor. ‘For this reason, he will wear a well-fitting mask for 10 full days any time he is around others.’ In light of the possibility of rebound coronavirus positivity which has occurred among those treated with Paxlovid, Biden will ‘increase his testing cadence, both to protect people around him and to assure early detection of any return of viral replication’, O’Connor stated. Biden, who is fully vaccinated and twice boosted, tested positive for Covid-19 on Thursday morning and immediately began working in isolation. He experienced mild symptoms and had a 99.4 degree fever on Thursday evening. The president made some virtual appearances, in which he occasionally coughed and spoke in a deeper voice than his usual. On Monday, Biden shared an image of himself taking a call from the White House residence in isolation with his German Shepherd, Commander. At that point, the president still had some ‘residual nasal congestion and minimal hoarseness’, but his symptoms were ‘almost completely resolved’, according to O’Connor. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.