Jurgen Klopp reckons Mohamed Salah still has his best years ahead of him after signing a new contract that will keep him at Liverpool until 2025. The 30-year-old has enjoyed five stunning seasons with the Reds, scoring 156 goals in 254 appearances, and winning the Champions League, Premier League, FA Cup and League Cup. The Egyptian was heading into the final year of his previous deal and had only confirmed that he would stay at the club until the end of the coming season, but that has all changed and has now committed his future to Liverpool for three years. Salah has achieved incredible things so far with the Reds, but Klopp reckons he can do even more in the coming three years as he relishes his star player putting pen to paper. ‘This is a special treat for our supporters to enjoy their weekend even more,’  Klopp told Liverpoolfc.com. ‘I’m sure there will be some celebrations for this news tonight. ‘Really pleased – really, really pleased. It’s the best decision for us and best decision for him. He belongs with us I think. This is his club now. ‘Of course it has taken a little time but that’s absolutely OK and the best things are always worth waiting for anyway. Mo is one of the best players in the world; it’s only normal there are things to sort when you are at his level. ‘I have no doubt Mo’s best years are still to come. And that’s saying something, because the first five seasons here have been the stuff of legend.’ While obviously Salah has absolutely immense talent for goal-scoring, Klopp has hailed his hard work and commitment to fitness, which gives him confidence that the forward will continue to shine for years to come. ‘Fitness-wise, he’s a machine – in the most incredible shape,’ said the German. ‘He works hard on it and he gets his rewards. His ability and his skill level gets higher each season, and his decision-making has gone to another level also. ‘He is adored by his teammates. As coaches we know we work with someone special. And the supporters have crowned him a king. So, very cool. ‘It is just great news. It makes me smile thinking about it. He stays with us for longer and it means we can achieve more together.’ MORE : Mohamed Salah signs new long-term contract at Liverpool MORE : Liverpool reject Nottingham Forest bid for Neco Williams as they hold out for £15m For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 