Johnny Depp has written new tracks about ex-wife Amber Heard on a new album he’s recorded with Jeff Beck after the defamation trial, according to reports. The actor and musician, who have been friends for five years, teamed up on the new record after Depp unexpectedly joined Beck on his recent UK tour. The actor wrote two songs for the new release, titled 18, with British musician Beck, who he toured with after his defamation trial against ex-wife Heard. In a review of the record by The Sunday Times, some lyrics from the tracks are revealed, one of which sees Depp sing: ‘I think you’ve said enough for one motherf***ing night.’ The first single from the album is reportedly written by Depp and titled This is a Song for Miss Hedy Lamarr. ‘You’re sitting there like a dog with a seven-year itch … If I had a dime, it wouldn’t reach your hand,’ he sings on another track, called Sad Motherf**kin’ Parade, according to the review. Rock guitarist Beck was said to have been ‘blown away’ by the tracks. The album will be released on Friday (July 15). Depp’s songs are the only two original songs on the record, with the remainder of the tracklist made up of covers of songs by Lou Reed, The Velvet Underground and The Beach Boys. It’s not the first time the pair have made music together, releasing a cover of John Lennon’s Isolation in 2020. They also took to the stage to cover Marvin Gaye’s What’s Going On, The Everly Brothers’ Let It Be Me, Jimi Hendrix’s Little Wing, and Killing Joke’s The Death and Resurrection Show. The album release comes after Depp won the defamation trial against Heard. Last month, a jury confirmed that they had unanimously reached a verdict, awarding the Pirates of the Caribbean actor $10million (£8million) in compensatory damages, and a further $5million (£4million) in punitive damages. Heard, 36, won one of her three defamation countersuit claims against Depp, and was awarded $2million (£1.6million). Now, however, Heard’s lawyers are asking the court to declare a mistrial after losing her defamation case. This comes after the Aquaman star previously alleged there were issues with the jury’s credibility – now Heard’s lawyers are alleging that the wrong juror was seated at the trial. Deadline reported that a 77-year-old individual was called up for jury duty but appears to live at the same address as a 52-year-old with ‘the same surname’, who was the juror actually seated throughout the trial. Heard’s lawyer Elaine Bredehoft previously confirmed that they would be appealing the decision, and said that the Justice League actress was unable to pay the $8m awarded to her former partner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amber Heard’s insurer refuses to pay out Johnny Depp damages due to ‘wilful’ defamation MORE : Amber Heard’s lawyers call for ‘mistrial’ in Johnny Depp case over juror ‘error’ 