Max Verstappen will start Sunday’s Austrian Grand Prix from pole position after comfortably winning Saturday’s Sprint Race. The Red Bull had qualified first for the Sprint on Friday, and after a brief challenge from Carlos Sainz Jr. on the opening lap, the Dutchman pulled away to the delight of fans at the Red Bull Ring. The Ferraris of Charles Leclerc and Sainz Jr. finished second and third after engaging in a short battle in the early stages. Austria is like a second-home race for Verstappen, with thousands of the ‘Orange army’ descending on Spielberg armed with flares, and the 24-year-old thanked his adoring supporters after the Sprint. ‘It was great to see the fans – a lot of smoke at the end!’ he said. ‘It was alright, it was a decent race, a good pace at the beginning and I think after that we were very closely matched, so it was good. Like a Sprint should go; quite flat out. ‘I had a bit of a gap and after that it was similar in pace [with Ferrari], so I expect tomorrow it is going to be interesting battle again because the race tomorrow is going to be a lot longer, so it’s going to be quite tricky on tyres. ‘The car is good, just a few things to fine-tune but overall we are really competitive again this weekend.’ The Sprint format was introduced last year and this is its second such event this season, where qualifying is held on Friday to determine the grid for a short ‘sprint’ race on Saturday, the results of which decide the starting order for Sunday’s main event. However, on this occasion the Sprint had hardly altered the order of the grid, with the only meaningful change coming via Verstappen’s teammate Sergio Perez, who recovered from 13th to fifth after getting penalised after qualifying. The Sprint was meant to add more entertainment to a Formula 1 weekend but Saturday’s race provided few memorable moments, the exception being the duel between Sir Lewis Hamilton and Mick Schumacher. After crashing his Mercedes on Friday, Hamilton started behind the young Haas driver who bravely fended off the seven-time world champion for much of the race before conceding eighth place in the last few laps. As well as deciding the order for Sunday’s main event, points are handed out to the top eight drivers, meaning that Verstappen has now extended his championship lead to 38 points over Perez, with Leclerc a further six points behind. MORE : Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz Jr. claim there is no bad blood between the Ferrari drivers after British Grand Prix MORE : ‘I don’t know how I survived’ – Zhou Guanyu opens up on terrifying crash at the British Grand Prix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 