A dad drowned while trying to rescue his disabled daughter after her mobility scooter fell into a canal, an inquest has heard. Lawrence Casey, 86, jumped into Bude Canal, in north Cornwall, to rescue his daughter Jessica after she lost control of her scooter at around 5.20pm on September 1 last year. Cornwall Coroner’s Court heard the moment Jessica, 27, went into the water was not witnessed by anyone else. When a passing jogger saw what had happened they alerted two nearby fishermen who pulled Mr Casey from the canal. A paddle board instructor, who heard the commotion, dived into the water to save Jessica before starting CPR on her unconscious father. The emergency services, including the air ambulance, arrived at the scene but Mr Casey could not be revived. The court heard Jessica, who has cerebral palsy, uses a wheelchair and is aided in communication by a tablet computer. Her mum, Ruth Casey, told the inquest her estranged husband and daughter often went out for walks together. ‘On the day in question I have been told by Jessica she and Lawrence went for a walk along Bude Canal,’ she said. ‘Jessica told me that somehow she went into the canal while on her mobility scooter. ‘Jessica also told me that Daddy couldn’t swim and that she could swim, and she told me that Daddy then sank. ‘I know that Lawrence can swim, and he was a very strong swimmer.’ ‘Since Lawrence’s death Jessica’s account of what happened has changed several times because of discussions she’s heard between family members trying to piece together what could have happened.’ The father of nine had joined the Merchant Navy after leaving school and also served in the RAF before setting up his own business. ‘Our marriage broke down, but we always remained on very good terms. ‘Lawrence cared for Jessica impeccably well and he was always a great support,’ Mrs Casey added. ‘He and Jessica were very close, and he took her out most days for exercise and socialisation.’ Fisherman David Flay, who jumped into the canal to rescue Mr Casey, said he did his best to try to save his life. ‘At no point did I hear Jessica tell anybody what had happened,’ he said. ‘I now assume that she went into the water and the male, her dad, had gone in after her to rescue her. ‘I have never been involved in anything like this before. ‘I am not first aid trained but I did everything I could to save that man’s life and I am truly sorry we were unable to.’ A post-mortem examination gave the cause of Mr Casey’s death as drowning. Police concluded the incident happened when Miss Casey’s mobility scooter ended up in the water and Mr Casey jumped in after her. ‘For reasons unexplained Jessica has somehow driven the mobility scooter into the canal and that her father has gone in after her,’ Detective Constable James McDonald said. ‘As a consequence, he has either drowned or had a medical episode resulting in his death.’ Andrew Cox, senior coroner for Cornwall, recorded a conclusion of accidental death. ‘Mr Casey’s daughter ended up in the canal for reasons that are not explained, and Mr Casey has gone in after his daughter in an attempt to rescue her,’ he said. ‘Sadly, he has either had a medical episode or he has drowned in that effort. Fortunately, Jessica was able to be recovered because of the commendable actions of those present at the time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.