The shattered partner of a woman battered to death and dumped in a wheelie bin has spoken of his torment as her killer was jailed. Trucker Neculai Paizan, 64, attacked 20-year-old Agnes Akom more than 20 times with an electric saw in his grimy shipping container home. CCTV showed him dragging her broken body in a wheelie bin to his car before he buried her corpse under a stack of logs in woods in Neasden, north west London. Her partner Peter Lenart said: ‘She was my love, the mother of my son, my partner, and my best friend.’ He added in a heart-wrenching victim impact statement Agnes had come to the UK from Hungary filled with the ‘hope’ of finding ‘a new life’. Peter also said she had been writing a letter for their young son – who was taken into foster care – when she was bludgeoned to death, and it remains unfinished. The child’s father added: ‘How am I supposed to finish that letter without her?’ Agnes was discovered a month after the murder sheathed in a black plastic bag with a cord bound round her throat. Paizan was today been jailed for life with a minimum term of 22 years after he was convicted of murder. Judge Richard Marks QC said as he sentenced the brute: ‘It is clear on your lengthy evidence that you remain in a complete state of denial as to what you did in that frenzy of violence that took away that young girl’s life at the age of 20. ‘These were shocking acts of wickedness on your part.’ The Old Bailey had heard Agnes told Peter she was going to work on May 9 last year when she left her flat in Cricklewood, North West London. She messaged dad-of-four Paizan and a Hungarian coffin maker she worked for called Attila Molna-Feri, with whom she had an ‘intimate relationship’. Agnes had ordered an Uber to take her to Attila’s home but Paizan instead arrived at the Costa where she was waiting and she left in his silver Dacia Sandero. Footage captured the pair entering Paizan’s grimy shipping container home – the last time she was spotted alive. The killer was living in the squalid ‘home’ despite owning a £700,000 property in Notting Hill. Lorry driver Paizan was seen half-an-hour later washing at an outside tap before he carried Agnes’ white fur coat, pink slip-on shoes, a carpet and items matted with her blood and hair to his car. He left Agnes’ body in his car overnight before driving to recreation ground the following day. Police found her decomposed body with her head in a plastic bag on June 14 last year. The electric saw used to bludgeon Agnes to death was found in a skip with her hair stuck to it and Paizan was arrested. He claimed to officers he was involved in a relationship with the young woman before later saying he thought of her as ‘like a daughter’. He also claimed Agnes had spiked his iced coffee with poison, which left him suffering a  form of ‘amnesia’. Jurors found him guilty after an hour of deliberation. Detective Chief Inspector Neil John said: ‘The level of violence Paizan used in his attack on Agnes is truly horrific. What she suffered inside the container does not bear thinking about. ‘Whilst it is not clear why he killed her that day, his attempts to hide his crime in the following hours and days show a calculated effort to ensure that, not only was Agnes never found, but that he would not be caught.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.