Theresa May has called on Boris Johnson to ban transgender conversion, four years after she vowed to make the practice illegal. Conversion therapy refers to any form of treatment or psychotherapy which aims to change a person’s sexual orientation or to suppress a person’s gender identity. It is based on an assumption that being lesbian, gay, bi or trans is a mental illness that can be ‘cured’. In 2018, Ms May announced plans to ban conversion therapy, adding ‘No one should ever have to hide who they are or who they love’. But plans never came to fruition and conversion therapy remains legal in the UK. In late March, Boris Johnson dropped plans to ban any conversion therapy, but U-turned within hours following backlash. The Government later outlined legislation – the Conversion Therapy Bill – in the Queen’s Speech which would ban conversion therapy intended to change someone’s sexual orientation in certain scenarios. But it said that, due to the ‘complexity of issues and need for further careful thought’, the legislation would not ban transgender conversion therapy. Huge protests were held outside Downing Street following the news. Writing in the i for the 50th anniversary of the UK’s first Pride, Mrs May has now urged her successor to end conversion therapy once and for all. She wrote: ‘Few people, reading of accounts from trans people, would disagree that they still face indignities and prejudice, when they deserve understanding and respect. ‘We need to strive for greater understanding on both sides of the debate. Just because an issue is controversial, that doesn’t mean we can avoid addressing it. ‘To that end, the Government must keep to its commitment to consider the issue of transgender conversion therapy. ‘If it is not to be in the upcoming Bill, then the matter must not be allowed to slide.’ Mrs May said she regretted her past opposition to LGBT equality, having voted against reducing the age of consent for homosexual acts in 1998 and against the repeal of section 28 in 2002. She said that, 50 years after campaigners were subject to abuse and ridicule, ‘we can take pride in how much, and how profoundly, attitudes have changed’. ‘I include myself in that – looking back now, there are issues I would have voted on differently, were I to vote on them today,’ she added. Mrs May’s statement comes after a Scottish Conservative MSP criticised the Government for excluding transgender people from the proposed ban, branding the move as ‘indefensible’. Speaking at a PinkNews reception at the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh on Wednesday evening, Jamie Greene MSP for West Scotland hit out at comments made by Boris Johnson towards trans women. Mr Greene said: ‘I’m not a member of the UK Government first of all – I want to make that clear – and it’s not my job to defend the indefensible.’ He said the Conservatives had made a ‘very explicit’ commitment to include trans people in the ban, adding: ‘We made a commitment to the LGBTQ+ community that we would ban conversion therapy. We should fulfil that promise and the Scottish Government should do exactly the same. ‘We should do it here, we should do it in Westminster, we should do it in Wales, we should do it in Northern Ireland.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.