Annoyed locals have hit out at a council for closing a road for a month to build a cycle lane just 20ft long – which has been named ‘a glorified lay-by’. Pensioner Bill Priddin says he’s amused by the ‘underwhelming and unnecessary’ new addition in Kidsgrove, Stoke-on-Trent. The 73-year-old claims it’s a waste of money as it’s the ‘only cycle lane in our town’ and ‘people don’t even know it’s there’. Meanwhile, another local, David Holland, 50, has described the path as ‘pointless’. But Staffordshire County Council has defended its project, insisting it will make it easier for residents to get on their bikes, improving people’s health and wellbeing. The new cycle lane is still significantly longer than Britain’s shortest cycle lane – measuring just three-feet in Frampton Cottrell, Bristol. But if officials are trying to get people on their bikes, they’re not doing a very good job, Bill has argued. ‘Kidsgrove didn’t have any cycle lanes before’, he said. ‘They closed that road down for about four or five weeks and that is what they put up. ‘It’s only about 20 feet and that’s the only cycle lane in the whole town.’ ‘If you look at the length of it, it’s basically just a lay-by. It only goes halfway up the road, and that’s the only cycle path we have – I just find it amusing.’ David has backed Bill up, saying: ‘People don’t know it’s there, and even if they did it wouldn’t get used. ‘Our roads aren’t wide enough for cycle paths in the area – cyclists just use the roads anyway so it’s a waste of money. ‘Some of the areas around where we live are high in pollution because of the busy roads, I know that it is a problem. But I can’t see how that cycle path will help to solve it.’ David Williams, cabinet member for highways and transport at Staffordshire County Council has said the ‘improvements are all part of our plans to make it easier and safer for people cycling for leisure and for getting to and from work, school or college’. ‘By encouraging more people to use active and greener modes of travel we will not only help improve people’s health and wellbeing, but will also help reduce congestion and air pollution’, he added. ‘The new section of cycleway that crosses Heathcote Street provides the missing link of the National Cycleway Network (NCN) 5, giving people a more direct and safer route to cycle through the town. ‘The improvements follow changes to the nearby junction which are part of wider plans to improve air quality in the area.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.