Boris Johnson is missing an emergency Cobra meeting on the heatwave so he can instead host a farewell party at Chequers, it has been reported. Invitations for the bash at the prime minister’s official country residence are understood to have been sent out earlier this week. The event is believed to be taking place tomorrow. A Tory source told Sky News: ‘The invitation comes from Mr and Mrs Johnson. ‘It is their farewell bash at Chequers this weekend. Partners and children are all invited.’ The government’s Cobra civil contingencies committee is meeting this afternoon to discuss the escalating heatwave, which has been declared a national emergency. Downing Street confirmed Mr Johnson will not be attending the meeting which is being hosted by Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse. It will be the second Cobra meeting Mr Malthouse has led on the issue. Labour’s deputy leader Angela Rayner has accused Mr Johnson of going ‘missing in action again’ as he ‘prepares to party while Britain boils’. ‘Boris Johnson has gone missing in action again,’ Ms Rayner said. ‘He’s back to his old tricks of skipping important COBRA meetings. ‘Where’s the plan for the delivery of essential services and how people will be kept safe at work, on transport, in schools, hospitals and care homes? ‘The public will have no confidence in this zombie Conservative government responding swiftly and decisively to this national emergency as this disgraced prime minister prepares to party while Britain boils. ‘If he still can’t take the responsibility of the job, he should leave right now.’ Mr Johnson’s farewell party is understood to be a private event, with no taxpayer money being used to pay for it. A Number 10 spokesperson told Sky News: ‘As this is not relevant to government business there is nothing to add.’ Meteorologists have said there is an 80% chance of the mercury topping the UK’s record temperature of 38.7C set in Cambridge in 2019, this week with the current heatwave set to peak on Tuesday. Temperatures will climb over the weekend, and the Met Office has also issued an amber warning for heat covering all of England, southern Scotland and Wales from Sunday until Tuesday. London Mayor Sadiq Khan held a special meeting with key senior officials from agencies including the NHS, the Met Police, London Fire Brigade, London Ambulance Service, councils and Transport for London yesterday to ensure there is a robust plan in place to deal with the level four heat alert. Mr Khan has urged Londoners to undertake only essential travel on Monday and Tuesday and to prepare for disruption because speed restrictions will be in place on rail and Tube networks. A high air pollution alert for London has also been issued by the mayor for Monday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.