Parents surrounded and tackled an armed suspect to the ground who was allegedly ‘waving a meat clever’ outside a primary school. Dramatic photos from the scene show the man being pinned down outside St George’s Primary School in Tyldesley, Wigan. Children were kept in classrooms and parents in the hall while officers swarmed the scene at 3.10pm yesterday, the Manchester Evening News reported. Parents from nearby Tyldesley Primary School were asked to collect their children due to the police incident. According to witnesses, the man was heading towards St George’s Primary School with a ‘meat cleaver’ before parents and passer-bys wrestled him to the ground. One man, who intervened during the stand-off, said: ‘I saw him walking towards the school with a meat cleaver. Another parent, who was one of the first to call the police, said: ‘It was an accident waiting to happen. ‘My husband who works from home ran down the stairs and said he’s on the front going into school with a meat cleaver, and I was just on the phone talking to the police straight away and talking through to them until they got here,’ they told the Manchester Evening News. The parent praised the teachers at the school, saying they acted ‘very quickly’ to get everyone into the school hall. ‘Three men were trying to calm him down, but he was very, very agitated and then he moved further in and then it was seven men who were watching what he was doing and then one of them actually wrestled him to the floor,’ they added. ‘If he’d got one of them kids it would have been horrific.’ One parent who also heard the man ‘screaming’ said: ‘When I went to pick up my child, we got put in the hall and the kids were in their classrooms. We were in there for an hour or so.’ The parents who wrestled the suspect to the ground were hailed ‘heroes’, with others rushing to thank them for their actions to apprehend the man. A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police said: ‘At around 3.10pm on Friday 15 July, we were called to reports of a man with a bladed weapon at a primary school on Darlington Street, Tyldesley. ‘Officers attended the scene and a man has been arrested.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.