A three-year-old boy has died after being hit by a tractor on a farm in Bury. The youngster’s family flagged down an ambulance in the Tottington area of the town on Saturday afternoon. But despite being treated by paramedics he was declared dead before they could get to the hospital. Greater Manchester Police (GMP) said the boy’s family are being assisted by specially trained officers, while the tractor driver is helping police with the investigation. Chief Inspector Ian Partington said: ‘This is a heart-breaking incident that has seen a young boy tragically lose his life and my thoughts go out to his family and loved ones who will be utterly devastated by today’s events. ‘Despite his family flagging down an ambulance while driving him towards hospital quickly as they could, the boy sadly could not be saved after the best efforts of paramedics; I can’t imagine how distressing this was for those involved.‘We are working to ensure that a full investigation is carried out, and the farmland where we understand this incident to have occurred remains cordoned off to allow our investigators and partners from the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) to conduct thorough enquiries to establish exactly what has occurred here.’ A GMP statement said: ‘Detectives in Bury are investigating the death of a three-year-old boy after a collision with a tractor on a farm in the Tottington area of the town earlier this afternoon. ‘We were called by NWAS (North West Ambulance Service) shortly before 12.45pm after an ambulance had been signalled to stop by a vehicle carrying a seriously injured child on Rochdale Old Road. ‘Officers attended and the boy was tragically pronounced dead by paramedics before he could be taken to hospital. ‘Inquiries quickly established that the boy had suffered his critical injuries following a collision with a tractor on farmland off Bentley Hall Road. ‘The driver of the tractor is assisting us with our inquiries and a scene remains in place at the farm while investigators from Bury CID work to establish the circumstances alongside colleagues from the Health and Safety Executive.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.