Ozzy Osbourne has been spotted spending some quality time with those closest to him, as he and his wife Sharon hung out with their kids Jack and Kelly. Giving us a little throwback to their reality show The Osbournes, the first family of darkness could be seen heading out after a family outing at son Jack’s house. As the four of them left the house, Jack, 36, could be seen helping his dad Ozzy, 73, after his recent health concerns. Ozzy, who wore a simple black T-shirt and trousers and was aided by a walking stick, then went on ahead, with a pregnant Kelly, 37, who donned a blue dress and held adog in her arms. Jack, who matched his dad in black, followed on, with mum Sharon, 69, who seemed to coordinate with Kelly in a blue jumper and jeans, behind him. After helping him down the steps, Jack kept a watchful eye on Black Sabbath legend Ozzy as he headed to a car parked outside. Last month, Sharon said her husband of 40 years was doing well after undergoing a major operation. She said on Instagram: ’Our family would like to express so much gratitude for the overwhelming amount of love and support leading up to Ozzy’s surgery! Ozzy is doing well and on the road to recovery!’ Sharon went on to add: ‘Your love means the world to him.’ It’s not known the reason behind Ozzy’s recent surgery, but The Black Sabbath rocker revealed recently that he was waiting to have neck surgery as he ‘can’t walk properly.’ ‘I have physical therapy every morning,’ he explained. ‘I am somewhat better, but nowhere near as much as I want to be to go back on the road.’ Ozzy, who contracted Covid-19 earlier this year, has Parkinson’s disease and continues to battle other medical issues after injuries from a 2003 quad bike accident were aggravated when he fell at home in America in 2019. However, he remains determined to keep making music and wants to get back on stage too, having been pictured heading to a recording studio earlier this year. The musician last released a song in January 2020 in collaboration with Sir Elton John. It was the third single from his album Under the Graveyard, with his last solo single being Straight to Hell, released in November 2019. Despite Ozzy’s health woes, the family have also plenty of reason to celebrate recently, with Kelly expecting her first child, and Ozzy and Sharon recently celebrating 40 years of marriage. The iconic couple are set to become grandparents again, as they await a new addition to the family. Kelly confirmed the happy news shortly after revealing her romance with Slipknot star Sid Wilson, with the star writing: ‘I know that I have been very quiet these past few months so I thought I would share with you all as to why… I am over the moon to announce that I am going to be a Mumma. ‘To say that I am happy does not quite cut it. I am ecstatic!’ Jack also shares three children – Andy, Pearl, and Minnie – with his ex-wife Lisa Stelly, who he split from in 2019. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne reflect on ‘special year’ as they celebrate 40 years of marriage: ‘Always at each other’s side’ MORE : Ozzy Osbourne wants to renew his wedding vows after surgery following 40 years of marriage to Sharon 