Ainsley Harriott has revealed he is considering taking legal action against the RHS Chelsea Flower Show after his sister Jacqueline almost drowned in a water feature. The dramatic scenes were captured in photos from the event in May, when Ainsley’s sister fell into a deep water feature which ran alongside a path in one of the exhibits. The chef, 65, helped to pull his sister out, who was coughing up water, before later updating fans to let them know that Jacqueline was doing well after the ordeal. Ainsley admitted that he is considering legal action against the organisers after questioning the health and safety of the event. He told the Daily Mail: ‘The Health and Safety was not particularly great. They should have roped it [the show pond] off. ‘It was about 6ft deep — quite a drop once you hit the water.’ An RHS spokesperson said: ‘We take Health and Safety very seriously. Throughout the remainder of the show we made the decision to close off the garden to visitors.’ Jacqueline had fallen into the water feature on the first day of the event and was taken to hospital by paramedics to be checked over after ‘coughing up a lot of water’. In photos from the event, she was seen laying on her side after being pulled out, with Ainsley tending to her as others helped make sure she was ok. He later updated fans, tweeting: ‘Just a big thank you to everyone who helped my sister when she had a fall at the Chelsea Flower Show this morning. She’s doing fine and all is well xx.’ A guest at the event told The Sun: ‘The garden was packed with lots of people and I think the woman must have fallen into the pond or tripped over and ended up in the water. ‘I think she nearly drowned. She was pulled out by Ainsley Harriott and some other celebrities before they laid her down on the floor. She was coughing up lots of water.’ RHS Chelsea Flower Show bosses told Metro.co.uk in a statement at the time that they would be investigating the incident. It read: ’We are investigating an incident that occurred on a garden at RHS Chelsea Flower Show today. ‘The guest was quickly attended to by on site medical professionals and we are pleased to say is now home and well.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Charlotte Hawkins feared she’d fall in to Chelsea Flower Show water feature where Ainsley Harriott’s sister almost drowned MORE : Ainsley Harriott shares update on sister after saving her from drowning at Chelsea Flower Show 