It’s hot and you’re horny, what now? Being intimate with a partner may be the last thing on your mind when it’s too hot to move, but libidos don’t necessarily go away because there’s a heatwave. If you’re planning to get down and dirty on these sizzling summer days, without collapsing in a sweaty heap of heat exhaustion, we are here to help you out. The team from Condoms UK have collaborated with sex and relationship coach Ness Cooper to discuss how people can master the art of sex in the heat – in order to have a great whirlwind summer romance in 2022. Part of this includes advice on how to avoid overheating during summer sex. These are some things to keep in mind… This one is obvious: you don’t want to risk dehydrating during the throes of passion. So, drink plenty of water. Keep a couple of glasses of water nearby and take breaks when it gets too hot to handle. This one is self-explanatory. Having a fan pointing directly at you will keep your skin cool while going at it, while an air purifier will help keep humidity out of the room. If you haven’t tried shower sex before, during a heatwave could be the prime time to give it a go. Not only will taking a cold shower cool you down in the moment, it will keep you a pleasant temperature for a while after, too. Showers also give you and your partner a chance to try standing positions – and are simply a bit of fun. What’s more, cold water excites the skin, which is great for physical arousal. Temperature play is a form of sensation play, often enjoyed by people who enjoy BDSM in the bedroom. The goal is to create heightened sensations by using hot or cold items on your partner’s skin. You probably want to avoid playing with hot wax in this heatwave, but why not try cooling things down? The cold will be very welcome, it increases the skin’s sensitivity and and you may discover that you enjoy (consensual) kink play that you haven’t tried before. Put sex toys in a bath of ice for 10 minutes (if they are safe to do so!) before getting down to it, or try rubbing ice cubes on different parts of their body. The Condoms UK team add: ‘Placing lubricant in the fridge can help make it cooler when applied on the body or trick the body with cooling lubes, which fool the nerve endings in to thinking something cold has been place over them. ‘Experiment with blowing over their body with your lips in different formations, you’ll find that some will feel cooler, and others will feel hotter.’ While in the midst of a heatwave, it may be best to park the missionary. Instead, choose sex positions that minimise skin contact, or are less intense. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Goodbye, wet patch: You can now buy a cosy waterproof blanket just for having sex MORE : Science says this is best sex position for female orgasm MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m pregnant – here’s a week in my sex life’