Piers Morgan is among those who’s paid tribute to Ivana Trump following the news of her death, describing her as a ‘fabulously entertaining lady’. In a statement released by the Trump family on Thursday, they announced that Ivana, who was married to former US President Donald Trump from 1977 to 1992, had died aged 73. The statement read: ‘It is with deep sadness that we announce the passing of our beloved mother, Ivana Trump. Our mother was an incredible woman – a force in business, a world-class athlete, a radiant beauty, and caring mother and friend. ‘Ivana Trump was a survivor. She fled from communism and embraced this country. She taught her children about grit and toughness, compassion and determination. She will be dearly missed by her mother, her three children and ten grandchildren.’ TalkTV host Piers has paid tribute to Ivana following her death, writing: ‘Very sad to hear Ivana Trump has died. ‘She was a fabulously entertaining lady & great interviewee who remained fiercely loyal to her ex-husband Donald. My condolences to ⁦@IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump⁩ on the loss of their magnificent mother.’ TV presenter Jake Tapper also wrote: ‘Deepest condolences to @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @erictrump and all those in the Trump family for the loss of their mother Ivana Trump today at the age of 73. May her memory be a blessing.’ Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani, who used to be Donald’s lawyer and recently appeared on the US version of The Masked Singer, said: ‘Ivana Trump was a truly talented, creative and beautiful person. ‘She contributed greatly particularly to New York. Remarkably, with all the massive distractions, she and President Donald J. Trump gave the world exceptionally good, balanced and decent children and grandchildren.’ Meanwhile, Donald wrote on his Truth Social platform: ‘I am very saddened to inform all of those that loved her, of which there are many, that Ivana Trump has passed away at her home in New York City. ‘She was a wonderful, beautiful, and amazing woman, who led a great and inspirational life. Her pride and joy were her three children, Donald Jr, Ivanka, and Eric. She was so proud of them, as we were all so proud of her. Rest In Peace, Ivana!’ Ivana, born Ivana Marie Zelníčková, grew up in the former Czechoslovakia and moved to Canada in the 1970s, before settling in the US. Ivana and Donald shared three children together: Donald Trump Jr, Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump. Her death is not considered suspicious and she’s believed to have died of natural causes, according to officials. Ivana worked as a senior executive within the Trump Organization for several years, before going on to start her own clothing, jewelry and beauty product lines after her divorce from Donald. Donald was Ivana’s second husband. She was married to Alfred Winklmayr from 1971 to 1973, Riccardo Mazzucchelli from 1995 to 1997 and Rossano Rubicondi from 2008 to 2009. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ivana Trump, Donald Trump’s first wife, dies at age 73 MORE : Andrew Neil ‘not resisting comparing Boris Johnson to Donald Trump any more’ amid calls for Prime Minister’s resignation