Ezra Miller has been accused of harassing a German woman in her own home after she told the actor to go outside to smoke a cigarette. The Fantastic Beasts actor, 29, has had multiple run-ins with the law in recent months, leading to speculation about to their upcoming film projects. Miller, who is non-binary and uses they/them pronouns, was arrested for several instances of violence and disorderly conduct while in Hawaii. More recently, the actor has faced allegations of grooming a child from the age of 12, and has been accused of hosting a woman and three young children at their farm in an ‘unsafe environment.’ Now a woman has spoken out about another alleged incident that happened between her and Miller after she invited them to her apartment in Berlin in February of this year. The woman, Nadia, told Variety that she and Miller had been in touch over text for two years since having a consensual sexual encounter in LA in 2019, and when the Flash star arrived they were first ‘super nice’ and had ‘no problem’ taking their shoes off inside the house. However, when Miller began rolling a cigarette, Nadia told them they had to go outside or on the balcony as there was ‘no smoking’ allowed in her house. The actor allegedly insisted they could do ‘whatever they want, whenever they want’ and began talking down to Nadia. When she asked them to leave, Miller allegedly called her ‘transphobic’ and a ‘Nazi’: Nadia had previously told Miller she was a descendant of Holocaust survivors. The German woman claims she tried repeatedly to get Miller to leave her house, resorting to phoning the police, with Miller reportedly shouting that Nadia had assaulted them. Eventually Miller left before police arrived, but returned 30 minutes later accusing Nadia of stealing their money and passport; a jacket with Miller’s belongings was still inside the apartment and Nadia threw the items down to them. The woman admitted she was concerned about Miller’s behaviour and ‘did not feel safe.’ Miller’s first serious run-in with the law came in April 2020, when they were recorded choking a woman and throwing her to the ground outside a bar in Reykjavik. That woman also spoke to Variety, although anonymously, where she explained the shocking incident began as a joke. She said she was speaking to Miller inside the bar and joked that she could ‘take them in a fight,’ and told them to meet her in the smoking area in two minutes. When Miller didn’t come outside, her friend joked that he heard Miller didn’t want to fight, which allegedly made the actor ‘super mad.’ In the shocking video, which went viral in 2020, the woman can be seen walking over to Miller and smiling while waving her hands, before Miller chokes her and pushes her to the floor. She recalled to Variety how two of her friends pulled Miller back as they continued choking her, and claimed Miller had spat in her friend’s face ‘multiple times.’ She reported the incident to the police but did not press charges. It has been claimed that Miller will be dropped from the DC Universe after the release of upcoming project, The Flash, as accusations continue to come out about the actor. Miller is still said to be starring as Barry Allen/The Flash in the flick, but won’t appear in DC films beyond that. ‘There is no winning in this for Warner Bros,’ a source told Deadline. ‘This is an inherited problem for [CEO, David] Zaslav. The hope is that the scandal will remain at a low level before the movie is released, and hope for the best to turn out.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Ezra’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ezra Miller ‘to be dropped from DC Universe after The Flash release’ after grooming allegations MORE : Ezra Miller ‘hosting woman and 3 children’ at ‘unsafe farm with guns lying around’ 