The day-to-day uniform of a Love Island contestant doesn’t leave much to the imagination – but boy does it look good. Islanders get ready each morning to laze around by the pool in showstopping swimwear, wearing bikinis and costumes that turn heads and get their crushes grafting. This season has been a great one for fashion, from Danica’s signature strappy pieces to Ekin-Su’s simple yet effective all-black ensembles. When it comes to stealing their style, it’s best to go for standout swimsuits and two-pieces with an emphasis on highlighting your favourite features. Keyhole detailing and bum-boosting high leg bottoms are a particular favourite among this crop of hopefuls, but as a general rule; go for whatever makes you feel like a bombshell. For some inspiration ahead of your next holiday or beach trip, we’ve rounded up our favourite bikinis and swimming costumes that have serious Love Island vibes. Better still, some are the exact ones worn in the Villa. Buy the underwired top for £30 and the Brazilian bikini bottoms for £14 at Ann Summers. Buy for £24 (was £30) at Nasty Gal. Buy for £30 at Asos. Buy for £7.50 (was £25) at I Saw It First. Buy the top for £12 (was £15) and the bottoms for £9.60 (was £12) at Boohoo. Buy for £45 at Boux Avenue. Buy the top for £16 (was £32) and the bottoms for £10 (was £20) at Club L London. Buy the top for £15.99 (was £19.99) and the bottoms for £12.99 (was £17.99) at Mango. Buy the top for £18.90 (was £27) and the bottoms for £11.20 (was £16) at Hunkemoller. Buy the top for £22 and the bottoms for £20 at Motel Rocks. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The UK’s best five beaches have been revealed MORE : Heatwave: How to make a DIY air con system using ice and a fan