Cristiano Ronaldo has made it clear that he expects to play in Manchester United’s friendly against Rayo Vallecano on Sunday. The 37-year-old has been left out of the squad that travels to Norway to play Atletico Madrid in a friendly on Saturday in Oslo, a squad that features most of the players likely to be involved in the starting XI when the Premier League season gets underway. The forward’s omission created more speculation over his future, which remains unclear, but responding to an Instagram post on the squad for Saturday, Ronaldo wrote: ‘Sunday, the king plays.’ Sunday’s clash with Rayo Vallecano looked likely to be a relatively low profile affair but it won’t be if Ronaldo is involved, as he expects to be. He won’t be the only big name taking on the Spanish side, with the likes of Raphael Varane, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Luke Shaw also left out of the trip to Norway and likely to feature in Manchester. Ronaldo is still keen to leave Manchester United and his agent, Jorge Mendes, is working to find him a new club although that is proving much more difficult than expected. Despite being one of the greatest players to ever play the game, his age, vast wages and potential to unsettle the dynamic of a team and squad is putting off potential suitors and while he is pushing to leave Old Trafford, it is not at all clear where he would go. Former club Sporting have been mooted as a possible destination, while Chelsea are still being spoken about as a possibility, but neither look especially likely at this stage. After the pair of friendlies this weekend, United begin their Premier League campaign at home to Brighton on 7 August and Ronaldo is almost certain not to be in the starting XI. MORE : Alex Ferguson handed new role at Manchester United alongside other club legends MORE : Lazio demand £59m for Sergej Milinkovic-Savic as Manchester United prepare £42m offer for Frenkie de Jong alternative For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 