The amount UK drivers spent on fuel last month was over a billion pounds more than the same period a year ago, new research shows. It means a typical driver spent around £33 more on petrol in June than they did in the same month in 2021. The average fuel bill for a petrol car in June 2021 was £69.03. Just a year later, that figure had risen to £101.93 – a difference of £32.90. If prices remain high, the average driver would be set to pay around £360 more for fuel this year than the last. Analysis of RAC fuel figures showed people spent £3.4 billion on petrol and diesel last month – £1.1 billion more than in June 2021. Taken over a year, that would work around a £13 billion hike in annual fuel costs. The average cost of a litre of unleaded petrol rose 16.6p last month from 174.8p to 191.4p per litre – the highest monthly gain since records began in 2000. Similarly, diesel prices rose 15.6p per litre across June, ending the month at 199.1p. It means that the cost of filling up has risen by around 50% in the past year –  with drivers now routinely paying £100 to fill up a family car. Researchers from online marketplace CarGurus factored in the number of cars on the road in the UK along with averages for distance travelled and fuel used to come up with the fuel price estimates. They also surveyed 2,000 car owners and found that a vehicle’s fuel consumption is now the most important factor when it comes to choosing a new vehicle, with 57%citing it as a consideration. Reliability was previously the top factor prior to soaring fuel prices but now comes second, cited by 55%. Some are also resorting to drastic measures to try and reduce their fuel bills with the typical owner driving 17.8 fewer miles each week since fuel prices started spiralling. Nearly half of drivers – 47%- say they are avoiding unnecessary journeys and exactly a fifth are cutting out the car for essential trips too. Instead, over a third – 37% – are walking more; 18% are using public transport; and 12% are cycling, researchers found. CarGurus looked at the savings motorists can make by buying the most fuel efficient new cars on the market. It says the hybrid Toyota Yaris 1.5 VVT-i can save drivers £288 per year on fuel compared to the average car in the UK. The diesel Peugeot 208 1.5 BlueHDi can save £256 and the Mazda2 SKYACTIV-G 1.5-litre 90ps offers an annual petrol saving of £153. CarGurus’ fuel-saving tips include avoiding rush hour, driving smoothly in the correct gear and removing unnecessary weight like clutter in the boot or a bike rack on the roof. Chris Knapman, editor at CarGurus, said: ‘Our research further underlines the financial impact the rising cost of petrol and diesel is having on the nation. ‘It is no surprise that fuel economy is now ranked the most important consideration when buying a car. ‘If drivers are in need of a new car, it’s clear choosing one of the most fuel-efficient models could save drivers hundreds of pounds per year at a time when it’s needed most. ‘For those drivers sticking with their current car, there are still some simple steps you can take to help maximise fuel economy.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.