Nick Kyrgios’ ex-girlfriend and fellow tennis star Ajla Tomljanovic has weighed in on the Wimbledon semi-finalist’s assault charge on fellow ex Chiara Passari. Kyrgios, who faces Rafael Nadal for a spot in the men’s singles final on Friday, was charged with common assault of his ex-girlfriend Passari on Tuesday and is due to face court in Australia in August. The alleged incident took place in December 2021 as confirmed by police in Canberra – and the allegation is that Kyrgios grabbed Passari – with the charge carrying a maximum sentence of two years in prison. Kyrgios has since broken his silence on the allegations, admitting ‘I’m only human’ while his brother called out ‘haters and liars’. Passari also took to social media on Wednesday, responding to an Instagram comment defending her, posting: ‘Thank you. Finally someone smart enough to understand how the justice system works.’ Now, Croatian-Australian world No.44 Tomljanovic, who had an on-again, off-again relationship with Kyrgrios from 2015, had had her say on her ex-boyfriend. Speaking in her post-match press conference after Tomljanovic lost to Elena Rybakina in the Wimbledon quarter-finals on Wednesday, she was asked about her romantic experiences with Kyrgios. ‘You were in a relationship with Nick Kyrgios for some time,’ asked a journalist. ‘You’re aware of the allegations that have been made, investigated by the police in Australia. What was your experience of being in a relationship with him?’ Tomljanovic replied: ‘I’m definitely against domestic violence. I hope it gets resolved. But yeah, I mean I haven’t had that experience with him.’ She later took to social media to criticise the journalist, posting: ‘Quite disappointing that after almost two hours of playing my quarter-final that that was the first question the journalist chose to ask me. ‘[They] never proceeded to ask anything match related. Glad to see headlines mostly about that now. Do better.’ Meanwhile, Great British tennis star Emma Raducanu appeared to show her support for Kyrgios on Wednesday, tweeting his initials with magic wand emoji. MORE : Nick Kyrgios packs on PDA with girlfriend after being charged with assaulting ex MORE : Nick Kyrgios refuses to back down in row over breaking Wimbledon dress code For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 