President Joe Biden has tested positive for coronavirus, the White House said in a statement Thursday. ‘This morning, President Biden tested positive for Covid-19,’ Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre said in a statement. ‘He is fully vaccinated and twice boosted and experiencing very mild symptoms. He has begun taking Paxlovid,’ she said. Biden will isolate at the White House, where he will continue to fulfill his duties as President and participate in meetings via phone and Zoom. ‘Out of an abundance of transparency, the White House will provide a daily update on the President’s status as he continues to carry out the full duties of the office while in isolation,’ Jean-Pierre said. Biden, 79, had been scheduled to go to Pennsylvania Thursday to discuss gun crime. He was supposed to attend a fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee later this evening in Philadelphia. ‘Consistent with White House protocol for positive Covid cases, which goes above and beyond CDC guidance, he will continue to work in isolation until he tests negative. Once he tests negative, he will return to in-person work,’ Jean-Pierre said. The White House Medical Unit is working to inform all close contacts of the President, who had met with some members of Congress as well as other White House staff the previous day, the statement said. During a briefing later Thursday, Biden’s physician Dr Kevin O’Connor said the President was experiencing fatigue, a runny nose and an occasional dry cough. ‘I anticipate that he will respond favorably, as most maximally protected patients do,’ O’Connor wrote. On Wednesday, Biden was in Somerset, Massachusetts, where he shared executive actions addressing climate change. On Tuesday, the last day he tested negative for the virus, he met Ukrainian first lady Olena Zelenska at the White House. Biden, whose age puts him at higher risk of severe Covid symptoms, has been prescribed Paxlovid, Pfizer’s antiviral drug. Paxlovid is available by emergency use authorization from the US Food and Drug Administration to treat mild to moderate Covid cases in people over the age of 12. The President received his first two doses of the Pfizer and BioNTech Covid-19 vaccine ahead of his inauguration in January 2021. He has since received two boosters — one in September and one in March. Biden’s positive diagnosis comes after he sparked health concerns during remarks on climate change Wednesday, during which he appeared to say he has cancer. While describing the adverse health effects of emissions from oil refineries near his childhood home in Delaware, the President said: ‘That’s why I and so damn many other people I grew up with have cancer and why for the longest time Delaware had the highest cancer rate in the nation.’ In response, White House spokesman Andrew Bates referred to a tweet by Washington Post columnist Glenn Kessler. Kessler quote tweeted RNC Research’s Twitter account, which is managed by the Republican National Committee. ‘Did Joe Biden just announce he has cancer?’ wrote RNC Research. Kessler commented: ‘How dumb is this tweet? Check out Biden’s medical report. Before he became president, he’d had non-melanoma skin cancers removed. Has no one at @RNCREsearch ever had this common procedure?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.