An aggressive seagull has been wreaking havoc in an otherwise quiet Wirrall neighbourhood. One Dad was caught on film running away from the noisy pest after being dive-bombed as his wife watched on in hysterics. Ryan Price, 38, was FaceTiming partner Bethany when the bird suddenly launched itself at him during the call. Video shows the pesky seagull perch on a lamppost before spotting Ryan’s phone and swooping down. The dad-of-two is then seen sprinting away as Bethany, 25, howls with laughter from their doorstep. Ryan, a theatre operations manager, explained: ‘There’s been a pair of gulls nesting on our neighbour’s roof for weeks. ‘My wife rang me while I was at work to say that she thought the baby had fallen off the roof and that she had seen the parents attack six different people walking past. ‘I hadn’t seen the baby so I thought I’d risk my luck walking to the shop and decided to FaceTime Bethany to see if she wanted anything. ‘As soon as I got near to the house the seagull launched itself at me and wouldn’t leave me alone.’ He continued: ‘Bethany was only up the road so she ran outside and started filming me while I was being chased. ‘She found the whole thing hilarious.’ The seagull has been causing mayhem after nesting on a house in Hampstead Road, Wallasey. Many elderly locals even claim they are now too scared to leave their home after being attacked by the bird. Gulls generally only become aggressive when parental instincts kick in – often after a chick has fallen from a roof. Since sharing videos of the seagull on Facebook, Ryan’s post has been met with comments from other residents who have experienced similar. Danny Atherton, who lives off nearby Poulton Road, was picking his niece up from school when he was also subject to the seagull’s attacks. He explained: ‘I was just walking along the street with my headphones in and then I see these two women waving their arms at me. ‘Next minute I see this shadow come behind me and something knock into the back of my head which made me fall over. ‘I turn around expecting to see someone, but it was a seagull. Then it started chasing me, so I was running backward and forwards trying to get rid of it.’ In the process of trying to warn of the bird, Danny said he dropped and cracked his mobile phone and has also been left with cuts to his head. He continued: ‘Luckily a woman let me run into her hallway to escape. ‘Then the seagull started attacking other people, so I took the opportunity to make my escape.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Play this song to stop seagulls from nicking your chips at the beach