Actress Rachel Brosnahan says she feels ‘sick to my stomach’ following the mass shooting in her Chicago hometown at a July 4 parade. The Marvelous Mrs Maisel star, who grew up in the area, said there were ‘no words’ to describe the tragic incident in Highland Park, which left at least six people dead and dozens injured. Robert E Crimo III, 22, was taken into custody on Monday evening following a brief pursuit. Writing on Twitter, Brosnahan, who is the niece of the late US fashion designer Kate Spade, said ‘enough is enough’. ‘I grew up in Highland Park and this parade is a highlight of the year for so many families,’ she shared. ‘I’m sick to my stomach every time news like this comes out, but I don’t wish the pit in your stomach as you call your family and friends to make sure everyone is okay on anyone. ‘No words,’ she added. ‘Enough is enough is enough is enough is enough is enough is enough is enough is enough.’ On Instagram, the actress expanded further on her childhood in the area, writing: ‘I grew up in Highland Park and spent nearly every day after school and every weekend being stupid with friends directly across from where today’s shooting occurred. I never once considered that I may be unsafe there.’ ‘My heart breaks a little bit more every time the news cycle lights up with news of yet another mass shooting, but today’s news adds a whole new meaning to the phrase ‘hitting home’.’ She continued: ‘The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. We have lost our minds. My heart is broken for the families in Highland Park affected by today’s shooting.’ Singer Richard Marx also tweeted that he was ‘actively reaching out to check on the welfare of people’ he still knew in the area as he also grew up in the Chicago suburb. The Right Here Waiting chart-topper added: ‘My heart is always broken by these constant mass shootings no matter where they occur but today I’m extra heartbroken. And extra angry at the senselessness.’ The incident in Chicago comes shortly after a spate of mass shootings in the US including in Buffalo, in New York, Tulsa, in Oklahoma, and Uvalde, in Texas, during which 19 school children and two teachers were killed. Actor Matthew McConaughey, who was born in Uvalde, shared his heartbreak over the incident and launched a fund with his wife, Camila Aves, and went all the way to the White House to share his plea for gun reform. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Macy Gray blasted after making ‘transphobic’ body parts comment on Piers Morgan show: ‘I thought she of all people would be the most understanding’ MORE : Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne reflect on ‘special year’ as they celebrate 40 years of marriage: ‘Always at each other’s side’ 