Nasa’s James Webb Space Telescope has treated us to more stunning pictures from the edges of our solar system. Following the release of the first set of images on Tuesday, the space agency has unveiled images of Jupiter and spectra of several asteroids taken by the  £8.4 billion telescope. The latest images were captured to test the telescope’s instruments before science operations officially began on July 12. The data demonstrates Webb’s ability to track solar system targets and produce images and spectra with unprecedented detail. The Webb telescope’s pictures show our solar system’s biggest planet through an infrared gaze. A view from the NIRCam instrument’s short-wavelength filter shows distinct bands that encircle the planet as well as the Great Red Spot, a storm big enough to swallow the Earth. The iconic spot appears white in this image because of the way Webb’s infrared image was processed. ‘Combined with the deep field images released the other day, these images of Jupiter demonstrate the full grasp of what Webb can observe, from the faintest, most distant observable galaxies to planets in our own cosmic backyard that you can see with the naked eye from your actual backyard,’ said Bryan Holler, a scientist at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore, who helped plan these observations. The image also shows Jupiter’s moon Europa to the left. The moon is expected to have an ocean below its thick icy crust, and the target of Nasa’s forthcoming Europa Clipper mission. In addition, Europa’s shadow can be seen to the left of the Great Red Spot. The images also show Jupiter’s other moons — Thebe and Metis. ‘I couldn’t believe that we saw everything so clearly, and how bright they were,’ said Stefanie Milam, Webb’s deputy project scientist for planetary science. ‘It’s really exciting to think of the capability and opportunity that we have for observing these kinds of objects in our solar system.’ These images are proof that Webb can observe the satellites and rings near bright solar system objects such as Jupiter, Saturn, and Mars. Additionally, Webb easily captured some of Jupiter’s rings, which especially stand out in the NIRcam long-wavelength filter image. That the rings showed up in one of Webb’s first solar system images is ‘absolutely astonishing and amazing’ according to Milam. ‘The Jupiter images in the narrow-band filters were designed to provide nice images of the entire disk of the planet, but the wealth of additional information about very faint objects (Metis, Thebe, the main ring, hazes) in those images with approximately one-minute exposures was absolutely a very pleasant surprise,’ said John Stansberry, observatory scientist and NIRCam commissioning lead at the Space Telescope Science Institute Webb also obtained these images of Jupiter and Europa moving across the telescope’s field of view in three separate observations, demonstrating its ability  to find and track guide stars in the vicinity of bright Jupiter. To see if Webb could track fast-moving objects like asteroids and comets, an asteroid called 6481 Tenzing, located in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter was targeted for the moving-target tracking ‘speed limit’ tests. Webb was designed with the requirement to track objects that move as fast as Mars, which has a maximum speed of 30 milliarcseconds per second. During commissioning, the Webb team conducted observations of various asteroids, which all appeared as a dot because they were too small. The team proved that Webb will still get valuable data with all of its science instruments for objects moving up to 67 milliarcseconds per second, which is more than twice the expected baseline – similar to photographing a turtle crawling when you’re standing a mile away. MORE : People stare in awe after seeing Nasa’s latest pictures in Piccadilly Circus MORE : Nasa reveals vapour found on giant planet in new telescope images 