Kelly Brook has admitted she’s worried about the state of America at the moment, especially for her young nieces and nephews living there. The former model and actress lived in the USA in her 20s, and appeared in TV shows like Smallville and films like The Italian Job. However, she later moved back to the UK, and now says the state of America is a ’cause for concern.’ ‘It was always such an amazing place – to go from England, to go to LA and make TV shows and films and live in the sunshine and go to the beach at weekends and just live this healthy, gorgeous lifestyle, it was always incredible,’ Kelly explained to Metro.co.uk as she partners with SlimFast for their Fakeaway campaign. ‘But America’s a weird place at the minute. I don’t quite know how I feel about it. Maybe it was always a weird place but I was young and didn’t see it so much. But there are certain things that are going on there at the moment that just don’t sit well with me and it’s not really a place that I want to dedicate a huge amount of time to, to be honest. I’m very much a European woman and I’m proud to be. ‘I love America and I love what it’s given me over the years but I just feel really sad for my American friends at the minute. There’s lots of things there that are not quite right and maybe never will be – and maybe they never were ever right and I just didn’t see it as much. ‘But as you get older, your priorities change and you don’t think so much about yourself, you think about the future, you think about the next generation’. Kelly, 42, added: ‘I just think there’s a lot to figure out there. I’ve got family, I’ve got nieces and nephews that are in school there. It’s very much a cause for concern to be honest.’ She reflected: ‘I used to see everything through rose-tinted glasses and I’m very much cup half full rather than half empty – it’s hard to keep hold of that as you get older but I try to! I try to be optimistic and I try to see the best in everything as much as I can. But sometimes you’ve got to be a bit of a realist as well.’ Of course, since moving back from the USA, Kelly has become a beloved figure in the UK, brightening up our days with Jason King (JK) on Heart Radio. She’s also opened up about her health and fitness journey, and has partnered with SlimFast for their Fakeaway campaign, which allows people to enjoy their favourite meals for under 600 calories. Kelly, who’s dating Jeremy Parisi, explained: ‘For me, food is so joyous anyway. ‘My boyfriend is Italian, it’s very much about having lunch and dinner together, it’s a time to just relax and enjoy food. ‘That’s why I love food, I’ve got such a healthy relationship with food, it’s just as I’ve got older, I can’t keep the weight off as easy as I used to. I want to stay slim and I want to be able to fit into my favourite dresses and my jeans and feel healthy and feel good – that’s how I feel best and when I’ve got a healthy body, I’ve got a healthy mind.’ ‘We have this amazing cookbook with all these incredible recipes, and some of these recipes are not too dissimilar to what you would order from Deliveroo for example, or from a pub,’ she said of the campaign. ‘We’re saying, “Look, you can still have that lovely lamb burger, you can still have those fish and chips, but with the SlimFast way, it’s going to be within your 600 calorie intake, you can stay on your plan, keep the weight off, be healthy, and not feel like you’re depriving yourself as anything.”‘ Kelly has created a series of new SlimFast Fakeaway recipes so that people can enjoy their favourite tasty menu classics for 600 calories or less. You can enjoy each dish as part of the SlimFast 3.2.1. Plan and still lose or maintain a healthy weight. For more information visit slimfast.co.uk. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amal Clooney sparkles on date night with George on Lake Como as he sells signed Harley to restaurant owner MORE : Who is Ainsley Harriott’s sister and how did he save her? 