Liz Truss has lashed out at Rishi Sunak’s record on taxation as the race to No 10 heats up. Around 180,000 Tory members will soon decide who they want to will lead Britain,  Penny Mordaunt was voted out the process yesterday afternoon. Sunak won the contest with 137 votes followed by Truss on 113. But the foreign secretary is the favourite to replace Boris Johnson after the winner is announced on September 5, with polling showing Sunak losing to any of his rivals. Tensions between the pair are rising, and Truss last night hit out at her rival’s record in his former role as Chancellor of the Exchequer. Her comments came after Sunak claimed he was the only candidate who would be able to beat Labour in an election. Writing in the Daily Mail, Truss said the Government has been ‘going in the wrong direction on tax, with the tax burden at its highest in 70 years’. The Government’s tax record was overseen by Mr Sunak until he resigned, a move which triggered Mr Johnson’s ultimate downfall. Truss also pledged to hold an emergency budget to push through immediate tax cuts in response to the cost of living crisis. ‘We cannot have business-as-usual managerialism on the economy,’ she wrote. ‘I’m the tax-cutting candidate who will help squeezed families by reversing April’s national insurance rise and suspending the green levy on energy bills. ‘I will move to bring in an emergency budget to get on with doing this quickly, and announce a spending review to find more efficiencies in government spending.’ Truss also said she would take on the Left in the ‘culture wars’ and ‘stand up to people who talk down our country.’ The 46-year-old’s leadership campaign got off to an awkward start yesterday, with a tweet posted after the ballot results came in. The foreign secretary said she was ‘ready to hit the ground from day one’. People were quick to point out that she had forgotten the word ‘running’ in her use of the popular phrase. The tweet was hastily deleted and a correct version posted – but not before it was screenshot. Meanwhile, Rishi Sunak has vowed to supporters in a video message: ‘I won’t let you down’. The former chancellor said: ‘I’ll work as hard as I can to get our message out to the country. ‘We need to restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite our country. ‘I’m confident that we can do that and we’ve got a really important positive message to take out to all our members now – crucially, who is the best person to beat Keir Starmer and the Labour Party at the next election? ‘I believe I’m the only candidate who can do that.’ Sunak and Truss will try to win over the support of local politicians today when they take part in a private hustings for the Conservative Councillors’ Association. They will then tour the UK to take part in 12 hustings for the Tory members who will vote for their next leader, with the result being announced on September 5. Mr Johnson has not publicly backed any of the candidates to replace him, but some of his most loyal allies have come out for Ms Truss. In his final Prime Minister’s Questions, he offered advice to his successor to ‘cut taxes and deregulate wherever you can and make this the greatest place to live and invest, which it is.’ But he added that the new prime minister should be prepared to ignore their chancellor: ‘I love the Treasury but remember that if we’d always listened to the Treasury we wouldn’t have built the M25 or the Channel Tunnel.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.