Love Island’s Jay Younger and Chyna Mills have been dumped from the villa by their fellow islanders. The pair were in the bottom two couples after a public vote, with Dami Hope and Summer Botwe, with the rest of the islanders deciding who should go home. Gemma Owen announced the decision, saying: ‘It’s not been an easy decision. I think it’s the worst feeling having to send a couple home. I think we feel particularly bad for you girls because you’ve not had long to explore connections.’ She added: ‘The couple we’ve decided to save is Summer and Dami.’ Leaving the villa, Jay, who previously set his sights on Paige Thorne, said he thinks the experience brought him closer to finding the one. Chyna said it’s been ‘short but sweet’ and that she’s enjoyed the experience. The couple found each other in Casa Amor, after Jay was in a friendship couple with Danica Taylor. However, they realised there wasn’t a romantic spark between them, and decided to help each other find a romantic connection. Elsewhere in the villa, viewers were left stunned by the return of series four star Adam Collard. With Danica Taylor now single after Josh Samuel Le Grove made it clear he wasn’t interested, and Paige Thorne having called it quits with Jacques O’Neill, whose head will turn for Adam? But, looking ahead to this week, it appears Adam already has his sights set on someone… none other than this year’s fan-favourite, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. He’s not wasting any time getting to know these girls, and setting his sights on what he wants. Paige is seen getting to know Adam, gushing over how tall he is, before she says in the Beach Hut: ‘He’s so fit. No I’m not going to lie, he is very fit.’ By the pool, Adam tells her: ‘When I’m with someone, I’m 100% with them, I’ve never cheated on any ex-girlfriends or anything like that.’ Elsewhere, he’s chatting to Danica, who tells him: ‘You do fit somebody that is my type, somebody that I just look at and just think… you’re sexy.’ She later adds, in the Beach Hut: ‘Bloody Adam Collard… what the f***!’ Third time lucky, Adam makes it clear who he is really interested in, as he and Ekin-Su chat on the terrace. But will Ekin-Su’s head turn away from Italian stallion Davide Sanclimenti? Love Island continues Tuesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island: When did Adam Collard and Zara McDermott break up? MORE : Love Island 2022: Coco Lodge age, job, parents, and Instagram 