Love Island’s Gemma Owen and newcomer Jack Keating will quickly bond over their respective famous families in tonight’s Casa Amor opener. Gemma was one of 10 OG islanders to enter the villa last month, and is currently coupled up with Luca Bish. However, she’s now been whisked off to Casa Amor with the rest of the girls, with the six new boys hoping to turn their heads. One boy is set to take a shine to Gemma, with Ronan Keating’s son Jack straight in there tonight. But Gemma, who is the daughter of footballing legend Michael Owen, will soon end up chatting about having celeb dads with Jack. Tonight’s episode will see Gemma and Jack cool off at the side of the pool and the topic of conversation turns to families. Jack says: ‘My mum and my little sister are big into show jumping and everything like that. I know you’re big into it as well.” Gemma, who is a professional dressage competitor, replies: ‘Oh ok, oh wow!’ She then asks: ‘So your mum is a showjumper? So what does your dad do?’ Jack tells her his father is ‘a singer’, leaving Gemma to question: ‘A well-known singer?’ Jack answers: ‘Yeah he is, you know Ronan Keating? That’s the old man.’ Noting how important her family is to her, Gemma quizzes him on being ‘family-orientated.’ Jack agrees, saying: ‘I’m very family orientated. It would be something I’d definitely look for in a girl. I’ve got a big crazy family back home.’ But will the pair find a connection in Casa Amor? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Yep, Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu used to be an actual pop star and we need her to do Eurovision MORE : Love Island’s most shocking Casa Amor moments ever: From Michael Griffiths calling Amber Gill ‘childish’ to Amy Hart declaring her love for Curtis Pritchard 