Swindon has bucked the trend of putting a bid in for Eurovision 2023, by announcing they won’t be hosting next year. On Monday, the BBC confirmed it would be taking charge of next year’s contest after it was previously announced winners Ukraine had been ruled out amid the ongoing Russian invasion. The news sent Eurovision fans into a frenzy, as the guesses began over which UK city may end up putting on the show. So far, Sheffield, Manchester and Cardiff are all amongst those hoping to take on the challenge, with a location set to be chosen in the coming weeks. However, one place that definitely isn’t going to be flying the Eurovision flag is the town of Swindon, in Wiltshire. Swindon Borough Council tweeted an announcement on Monday evening, confirming they would not be placing a bid. A tweet read: ‘Did someone say #Eurovision? ‘We’re flattered to have our name linked to such an amazing event, but we won’t be bidding to be the host. ‘We look forward to watching next year and can’t wait to enjoy the party!’ Social media users had mixed reactions, to say the least. Some used the announcement to attack the council, while others were clearly gutted Swindon wouldn’t be in the running to put on the party. One fan wrote: ‘I’m sorry I’m finding Swindon declining to host Eurovision absolutely hilarious. Give them Eurovision immediately.’ Someone else shared: ‘I’m sorry but who gave Swindon the confidence to think it could host Eurovision?’ ‘Yes! Swindon4Eurovision2023. They could hold it at the Brunel Rooms (subs pls check if still exists),’ said another. Another Eurovision fan joked: ‘Swindon hosting Eurovision was not on my bingo card for work this week.’ ‘Swindon is apparently interested in hosting Eurovision. We’ve got to make this happen!’ a Twitter user added. Elsewhere, leading bookmaker Coral is currently backing Birmingham to be the host city of Eurovision in 2023 and as a result it is the new favourite. The midlands city is at 2/1 in the firm’s betting, which comes days before it will be welcoming a fleet of athletes for the Commonwealth Games. Glasgow is second best at 3/1, London is 5/1, while Manchester is 6/1 to play host to the singing competition. ‘Birmingham hosted the Eurovision Song Contest the last time it was in the UK in 1998 and many punters believe it will return to the city in 2023. ‘After strong support in our betting, we now making Birmingham the favourite ahead of Glasgow and London respectively,’ said Coral’s John Hill. This will be the ninth time the UK has welcomed the contest, having previously hosted in London, Edinburgh, Brighton, Harrogate and Birmingham. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Lycett teases elaborate stunt that took years and got him in trouble with police: ‘Things got out of hand’ MORE : Vicky Pattison admits I’m A Celebrity win triggered alcohol battle: ‘I was self-sabotaging’ 