Warning: Spoilers ahead! Stranger Things fans are feeling pretty confused after a particularly emotional scene left them sobbing, even if it did include the death of one of the central antagonists, Eleven’s father Dr Brenner. The character, played by Matthew Modine, was assumed to have died in the first season of the hit Netflix series, but he made his dramatic return in season four, before his real death, which ended up being surprisingly emotional. The scientist, also known as Papa, raised Eleven until she escaped the Hawkins Lab at the start of the first series. When trying to recapture her, Papa was assumed to have been killed by the original monster, the Demogorgon, however, it turned out he survived the attack and went on to work on a new secret initiative. This season, Papa managed to convince Eleven to join him in his secret lab for her to regain some powers, and although she did, their plans didn’t last long. In episode eight, the first of volume two which dropped today, the secret lab is discovered in a bid to find Eleven, and while the unconventional father-daughter duo try to escape for safety, Brenner is shot by a sniper in a helicopter. Eleven, still with a collar around her neck, is found by her friends who come to her rescue, and just as she is about to leave with them, Brenner unlocks her collar and his death scene plays – which has left some viewers ‘bawling’. In his final moments, he says: ‘You are my family. My child.’ I’ve only ever wanted to help you, to protect you. Everything I did, I did for you. I need you to understand. Please tell me you understand.’ A tearful Eleven replies: ‘Goodbye, Papa’ as she walks away, and viewers seem to be crying with her. One fan wrote: ‘Brenner got me sobbing like a love hate thing with this man idk what to feel for him,’ while another penned: ‘I was happy and sad when Dr Brenner dies.’ Someone else wrote: ‘How dare y’all make me feel bad for Brenner in vol 2 I was bawling how dare you.’ ‘So Dr Brenner died….he was evil but his death is still sad….and they just left him dying in the middle of the desert oh that was a sad sight,’ one person penned, while another Twitter user added: ‘I was literally sobbing during Brenner’s death when he was talking to Eleven, it was so sad for no reason.’ Other fans weren’t so convinced despite the emotional music, with one writing: ‘Why’d they try giving Brenner this sad death scene like he didn’t just put a collar on Eleven.’ Another penned: ‘Me holding in my laugh after Brenner puts a shock collar on eleven moments after he dies with the “sad emotional music” playing in the background.’ Meanwhile, a third wrote: ‘Brenner did not deserve that emotional of a death. They should have ran over his head with the pizza truck.’ Stranger Things season 4 volumes I and II are available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things: How to get the Vecna playlist on Spotify MORE : Stranger Things: What’s happened in season 4 so far as Volume 2 drops 