Penny Mordaunt launched her campaign for the Conservative Party leadership with the statement ‘I’m the candidate that Labour should fear the most’ – and the latest polls back this. Seen as one of the frontrunners in the race, the trade minister was cheered by supporters in Westminster’s Cinnamon Club today. The MP for Portsmouth North told colleagues she is their ‘best shot’ at winning the next election, vowing to return to old Tory values and policies. Her speech was praised on Twitter for being ‘by far the most impressive – calm, authoritative, creating the impression of a precise policy agenda’ but some of her statements still raised an eyebrow. ‘I think it was Margaret Thatcher who said every PM needs a Willie,’ Ms Mordaunt said. ‘A woman like me doesn’t have one.’ Her comment comes after LGBTQ+ activists accused her of ‘throwing trans people under the bus’ just hours before she launched her campaign. As speculation mounted about her potential bid, Ms Mordaunt wrote in a thread on Twitter: ‘I am biologically a woman. If I have a hysterectomy or mastectomy, I am still a woman. And I am legally a woman. ‘Some people born male and who have been through the gender recognition process are also legally female. That does not mean they are biological women, like me.’ Shortly after her comment, Jayne Ozanne, an anti-conversion therapy campaigner who has supported Ms Mordaunt’s campaign told PinkNews that she hopes to talk to her personally about her comments. ‘I’m truly shocked in the way that trans people are being used as a political football in this leadership race,’ Ms Ozanne said. In her speech today, Ms Mordaunt declined to describe Boris Johnson as a good prime minister, instead thanking him for delivering Brexit, which she voted for. But the politician was not among the dozens of Tories who resigned last week over his leadership. The 49-year-old insisted she is ‘very different’ from her would-be predecessor but indicated she would not call an early general election to win her own mandate if she entered Number 10. Ms Mordaunt said voters are fed up with the government not delivering, making unfulfilled promises and engaging in divisive politics. ‘Recently, our party has lost its sense of self,’ she stressed. ‘If I can compare it to being in the Glastonbury audience when Paul McCartney was playing his set – we indulged on all those new tunes, but what we really wanted was the old stuff that we all knew the words to. ‘Low tax, small state, personal responsibility – we need to get back to that because we have some really serious challenges ahead.’ The naval reservist and former defence secretary pledged to return the party to traditional Conservative values of ‘low tax, small state and personal responsibility’. Ms Mordaunt also said she stands by the Conservative manifesto commitment to meet the Nato target for defence spending of 2% of GDP and increase it by 0.5% above inflation every year. Alongside Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat, Kemi Badenoch, Jeremy Hunt, Suella Braverman and Nadhim Zahawi, her name made it onto the leadership ballot last night. While Mr Sunak seemed to be the early favourite, some political commentators believe Ms Mordaunt is the only one ‘fresh enough’ to beat him. A new YouGov snap poll of Conservative party members – put into field yesterday after the confirmation of candidates – shows that she is the new favourite for leader among members. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.