The Casa Amor fallout is still continuing, as the islanders have returned to the original Love Island villa, and rekindled sparks with old romances. Dami Hope, who had recoupled with Summer Botwe after Casa Amor, has made it clear he’s fighting to win back Indiyah Polack, who had walked back into the villa with Deji Adeniyi. In an intense recoupling, Dami had told host Laura Whitmore: ‘I like Indiyah a lot, I feel we have a genuine connection. ‘But I found a connection that bears fruit, basically what I am trying to say is that summer is not over, it has just started.’ After Indiyah came into the villa holding new boy Deji’s hand, she said: ‘Everything happens for a reason. It is what it is,’ with Dami retorting: ‘Until it isn’t. Happy for you, happy for myself.’ But tonight, Dami reflected his original sentiments as he opened up to Indiyah, saying: ‘It was always gonna be you for me. Even when you left and stuff, it was always gonna be you. ‘There was a possible connection there with Summer but I don’t feel like the way I feel like when we’re together. Dami continued: ‘It’s incomparable to what I feel we have. I feel like it is with you, and if it’s not gonna be with you it is what it is, but I don’t feel like anyone else could come in and they’ll change the way I feel about you,’ Dami continued. Indiyah agreed, saying she doesn’t get the same vibe with anyone else, including Deji, than she does with Dami, which lead to both Dami dumping Summer, and Indiyah confessing her feelings for Dami to Deji. Pulling Summer aside, in a chat she seemed to know was on its way, Dami said: ‘The tea is… you’re going to be mad at me. I don’t know how to start this. ‘It feels like I’m breaking up, I’m not breaking up with you,’ he began, while she agreed: ‘There’s nothing to break up.’ ‘I really like Indiyah a lot,’ he continued, adding: ‘I always knew my heart was on Indiyah.’ He added: ‘I know it’s not a nice situation, and I’m sorry,’ while Summer quoted Indiyah’s recoupling words, saying: ‘It is what it is… until it isn’t.’ While she seemed to take it well, once the pair had separated Summer called Dami a d***head, after questioning why he had tried to get to know her in the first place. Meanwhile, Indiyah broke the news to Deji, saying she doesn’t want ‘to lead him on’, and is interested in getting back with Dami. Deji replied: ‘I feel like you would have had more self-respect for yourself,’ before saying he felt like a ‘d***head’. ‘It’s just flipping awkward,’ Indiyah commented in the Beach Hut. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV 2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lauren Goodger’s partner Charles Drury speaks out after newborn Lorena dies: ‘I’ll love you until the end of time’ MORE : Love Island fans fear ‘iconic moment’ won’t air after Casa Amor drama: ‘It would be so unfair’