Nick Cave has revealed how the parents of Love Island star Luca Bish were there for him and his wife Susie Bick following the death of their son, Arthur, saying it was a ‘time of horror and confusion’. In recent weeks, several of the contestants on the ITV dating programme, including fishmonger Luca, have sparked criticism from fans at home, with the boys sparking controversy with their treatment of romantic partners and friends. However, Luca can count Nick and Susie among their supporters, with the singer revealing his personal connection to the 23-year-old reality star in a Q&A answer on his blogging site The Red Hand Files. When asked what the biggest difference is between himself and his spouse, who he’s been married to since 1999, Nick replied: ‘At the moment, the defining difference between Susie and me is that she watches Love Island, and I don’t.’ The Australian musician, who’s lived in Brighton since the early-2000s, continued: ‘Susie watches Love Island because we know one of the contestants, Luca. Luca was a school friend of our twins, Arthur and Earl. As a consequence, Susie and I became friends with Luca’s parents, Maria and Michael.’ In 2015, Nick and Susie suffered the loss of their son Arthur at the age of 15. In the message the 64-year-old wrote on his site, he said that after Arthur died, ‘in the early days of that terrible, chaotic first week, Maria turned up on our doorstep with a tray of lasagne and basically looked after us’. ‘She barely said anything to us. She made us cups of tea. She cooked for us. She was just there,’ he said. ‘She was the one constant through a time of horror and confusion, when scores of despairing and commiserating people came and went. We will never forget her kindness. ‘Even in the first week, when the world seemed suddenly and shockingly defined by an unspeakable and distorting cruelty, Maria reminded us that there was good in the world.’ Nick explained that Luca’s mother, Maria also provided ‘a lesson in how to deal with grieving people’, outlining how ‘you don’t need to say anything, just do something’, like cooking someone dinner or making them tea. He added that Luca’s father, Michael, who’s a fishmonger like his son, still brings fresh fish round to their house ‘without a word’ and without charging them for it, although he apparently ‘pretends’ he does. ‘These people, Luca’s parents, are as good as people get, and they love their son, Luca,’ Nick stated. ‘So, Susie watches Love Island and cheers him on, and hopes that he will win. I also hope that Luca wins, and wins soon, because then I can get the f**king TV back.’ In May this year, Nick’s son Jethro Lazenby, who he shared with Australian model Beau Lazenby, died at the age of 31. Following Jethro’s death, Nick wrote on his site: ‘Many others have written to me about Jethro, sending condolences and kind words. ‘These letters are a great source of comfort and I’d like to thank all of you for your support.’ The musician is also father to sons Luke and Earl. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Alison Hammond reveals This Morning ‘came up with idea’ for older dating show amid ‘middle-aged’ Love Island news MORE : ‘They rated me a 4 out of 10’: Love Island’s Coco Lodge claims boys made ‘sexist’ remarks when cameras stopped rolling 