A picture has emerged of a couple barbecuing just metres away from the scene of a wildfire. The image comes after temperatures reached all time highs of more than 40°C last week and blazes spread across large parts of the UK, particularly across east London. A major part of the advice to prevent wildfires is to not have barbeques in public spaces, but the pair ignored the advice. The couple was spotted having an outdoor barbeque at the south end of Millfields Park in Hackney, east London, on July 16 – where hours before the patch of grass was alight with flames. Firefighters were called out to tackle the blaze which left the ground charred and blackened. It took them an hour to extinguish the fire. Although it is not known what caused the fire, the section of the park has been victim to arson attacks in the past. Millfields User Group, a group of local people who support the park tweeted: ‘Can’t believe this…. South Millfields orchard was on fire this afternoon and tonight there is a couple having a BBQ yards away from the burnt grass.’ Volunteers from the Tree Musketeers, a community group dedicated to planting and growing plants across Hackney’s parks were left devastated by the news. In 2009, they planted 51 trees in the park and a few of these were destroyed by the blaze. The volunteer group tweeted: ‘Orchard fire in South Millfields park this afternoon. All the care and commitment of growing, planting, and looking after these trees over many years can be wiped out in a few minutes by someone’s carelessness.’ According to Hackney Council’s website, barbeques are not allowed in any of the council-run parks, which includes Millfields. The park is made up of three large open spaces around Lea Bridge and Chatsworth Road. This summer alone, London Fire Brigade has tackled more than 800 fires across the capital. The service has warned the extreme heat and lack of rain leaves grass tinder-box dry, making parkland vulnerable to fire. At the time of the extreme heat, London Fire Brigade offered some fire safety advice to prevent wildfires. The LFB’s assistant commissioner, Pat Goulbourne, said: ‘Make sure rubbish, especially glass, is safely thrown away and cigarettes are always properly disposed of. Grass will be tinder dry after such hot weather, so please don’t have barbecues in parks and public spaces. ‘Disposable barbecues that have been abandoned can still end up causing a fire as hot coals can smoulder and pose a real fire risk for some time after the flames die down – they need to be put right out and cooled before being safely thrown away. ‘We would also ask people not to barbecue on balconies. It’s easier than you might think for a balcony fire to spread to others, which could not only leave you homeless but displace hundreds of your neighbours too.’ He continued: ‘People will want to cool down but don’t dive into open water as it’s colder than it looks. ‘There is the risk of cold water shock, which can cause your body to go into shock no matter how fit you are. It causes panic, anxiety, disorientation and loss of muscular control, which cause you to gasp for air and as a result, inhale water. Rather than struggling, follow the RNLI advice and “float to live”. ‘In this extreme heat, please keep an eye out for vulnerable neighbours and family members and make sure you keep hydrated.’ A spokesperson for Hackney Council told Metro.co.uk: ‘Barbecues are not allowed in our parks, guidance we reiterate during periods of hot weather when they present an acute fire risk.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 