A woman says she spent three hours searching through the mountain of lost luggage at Heathrow – after her suitcase went missing leaving her with no clothes. Lori Harito, 35, flew from Toronto to the London airport via Montreal on June 20. But when she arrived in the UK her bag never made it to the luggage conveyor belt. After speaking to staff, Lori was directed to the lost baggage desk, where she claims she was told her bag was ‘somewhere in the airport’. Lori claims she then found out her luggage was put on the wrong flight when she changed at Montreal. This meant she was forced to travel to London with just the clothes on her back and wait for a call from the baggage service with an update. But when a week passed with no news, the fitness and wellness writer decided to take matters into her own hands. Lori headed back to Heathrow to try and find her suitcase herself but after hours of searching through the piles of unclaimed luggage, she still couldn’t find her bag. ‘It could take months before I am reunited with my bag and there seems to be nothing I can do about it,’ she said. ‘I had to make a claim with lost baggage who told me that my bag was somewhere in the airport, but they didn’t know where. ‘I was told my bag was lost when I arrived, so after a week I went back to the airport to try and find it myself.’ Lori said there were ‘more people with lost luggage than there were people with luggage’ at the airport which showed the ‘magnitude of the chaos’. She says Air Canada sent her a $60 eCoupon for her lost luggage, but she says it cost her $75 to check her bag in. Since her arrival in the UK, Lori says she has had to spend a fortune on clothes and has been told it may take months before her bag is located. Lori said: ‘The customer service people at the luggage terminal told me they have thousands of bags to process and deliver. ‘I still don’t have my bag, and you can’t even get through to Air Canada’s customer service line anymore. ‘When I arrived to look for my bag, I was then told the layover caused the issue, and my luggage was actually put on the wrong flight. ‘The majority of flights from Montreal were either cancelled or delayed – mine included. ‘So when we made it to Montreal from Toronto, the gate for my flight to London changed, but my luggage still went on the flight that was at my original gate.’ Air Canada has been approached for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.