There is bold interior style, and then there’s Mairead Turner. The interior designer and stylist is a pattern fanatic, dressed in a William Morris print Next dress, faux snakeskin boots and showing off a baroque wallpaper statement wall in her open-plan living room. Lovers of boring neutrals and buckets of magnolia look away now. The house is in a remote spot near Anglesey, Wales, and is around 120 years old. When Mairead moved in it was a hive of small rooms, UPVC windows and fake stone fireplaces, but she has turned it into a fun, vibrant space perfect for relaxing or getting friends round. ‘I didn’t have an immediate vision, I am a believer in slow renovation and seeing what the building wants,’ she explains. ‘We knocked three rooms into one to make this big living space and it’s the only modern space. We like to have big parties and want to have loads of people round.’ But while Mairead lives for patterns and colours – just look at the original 1940s illustrations from French fashion houses framed on the wall – there is measured restraint and balance that stops things clashing. Bright colours are matched and balanced elsewhere in the space, with concrete and industrial touches calming down the brighter patterns. The Swyft Model 03 sofa in luxurious green velvet stoically calms any busyness in the room – Mairead has been working with the company for about a year now, creating content to show her take on how their furniture can be styled and used for different looks. ‘That wallpaper is pretty full-on,’ she smiles. ‘That’s the main pattern so I keep the rest fairly plain. The cushions, rug and carpet let the patterns play with each other. I don’t want to live in a mad house, it’s about getting that happy balance.’ Getting the right balance can be trial and error, she says, but that doesn’t mean you can’t experiment in the right places. ‘[When it comes to being bolder with patterns] I would say just go for it. ‘With wallpaper start in a room you’re not in that long, so you get used to it –the downstairs loo, for example. But just go for it. Pattern is joy and there is a pattern for everyone, so work out your thing, whether it is geometric, abstract or whatever you like, and look at spaces you absolutely love, be it a restaurant or hotel. Work out what you love about it.’ The room is an extension of Mairead’s character, and how she wants people to feel. It is relaxed, fun and not too precious. ‘It’s a beautiful thing to create a space where people can express themselves,’ she says. ‘Your home is your expression of how you want to live. I want mine to feel relaxed and calm but also have interest for everyone. Things that make me  smile and happy are everywhere. ‘I find print really fun, it makes me smile and laugh.’ ‘I like the scale of this print,’ says Mairead. ‘It also has Welsh heritage.’ Pomegranate Bazaar by Little Greene. Buy it for £110 a roll from Little Greene. ALTERNATIVE: Wroxham ~ pewter cast-iron caged bulkhead industrial wall light. Buy it for £78.32 from Etsy. ‘I love the design of this sofa, it looks relaxed, modern and luxurious. It’s practical, too – for me that is paramount.’ Buy a Swyft Model 03 three-seater for £2,385 from Swyft Home. ‘It’s a full-on colour so it’s a real challenge to make it work. I love setting myself design challenges.’ Buy Orange Aurora Absolute Matt Emulsion for £52 for 2.5litres from Little Greene. ALTERNATIVE: Small Tripod Pot – Shiny White Rainbow. Buy it for £55 from Janet Bell. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : Giving up avocado on toast won’t help us wheelchair users get on the property ladder