New DC United boss Wayne Rooney is eager to bolster his squad and is considering a shock move for one of Manchester United’s struggling stars, according to reports. The former Derby County manager was appointed as the Washington-based team’s head coach last week, returning to the Major League Soccer club where he spent two seasons as a player in the twilight of his career. Rooney has already turned his attention to new signings and, according to The Sun, would like to be reunited with one of his old United team-mates: Phil Jones. The DC United boss has been linked with some stellar names, such as former Barcelona and Liverpool frontman Luis Suarez – who is currently a free agent. But Rooney wants to bring in players ‘with a point to prove’ and feels Jones fits the bill perfectly, with the 30-year-old having endured an incredibly difficult time at Old Trafford over the past few years. The defender has been plagued with injuries, making just six appearances in the Premier League since the start of the 2019-20 campaign. Successive United managers have not been able to rely on him and he will fall even further down the pecking order when the club complete the signing of Lisandro Martinez from Ajax. But Rooney remains a big believer in Jones’ ability as a footballer and wants to ‘rescue’ him from his difficult situation at United, having also tried to bring him to Derby on loan last season. Back then, Jones wanted to prove he still had a future at Old Trafford but, after being left out of United’s pre-season tour of Asia and Australia, he is increasingly resigned to the fact he will need to leave the club to get his career back on track. Although Jones still has one year left on his contract, United would not stand in his way if Rooney manages to convince him to move to the United States. In fact, the Red Devils would be more than happy to get his £100,000-a-week wages off the table and would only ask for a nominal fee – if that – from DC United. Jones may not be the only one of Rooney’s old United team-mates to make the switch to Washington, with the former England striker also opening talks to try and lure Jesse Lingard to MLS. Although the free agent has offers on the table from Premier League clubs, Lingard has welcomed the interest and could be tempted by a reunion with Rooney in the States. MORE : Erik ten Hag sends message to Manchester United board over Frenkie de Jong transfer delay MORE : Manchester United consider swoop for Christian Eriksen’s old Brentford team-mate to bolster strike force For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 