With the weather a little cooler this week, now’s a great time to get out and resume the exercise regime. This week’s Fit List brings you some super new items and offers to help you stay energised, from innovative exercise clothing to stand-up paddleboards. There’s even a breathable hijab and free webinar tickets. Read on for our top picks of fitness must-haves and yummy skincare and health products. Looking to achieve a PB for your triathlon time? The TRI-FIT SiTech triathlon apparel range boasts fabrics featuring cutting-edge innovations such as laser cut ventilation, thermo-welded seams, and strategic reflection strips. Buy from £55 from TRI-FIT. Presca Sportswear has been running a series of free webinar talks about everything from endurance sports to the ways we can look after the planet more effectively. The ‘Lunchtime Webbonars’ are hosted by the brand’s CEO, Rob Webbon, who has an MA in Environmental Coastal Engineering. Get free tickets from Eventbrite. This Lululemon Performance Hijab is constructed from a lightweight, breathable, sweat-wicking fabric and has a pinless design that tucks into your T-shirt. Buy for £38 from Lululemon. Intrigued by the SUP (Stand Up Paddleboard) trend? Head to Decathlon and check out this X100 Inflatable Touring SUP board. It’s a wider model, so great for beginners, weighs just 9kg, folds down into its own bag and inflates in five minutes. Buy for £299.99 from Decathlon. Kickstart your morning with a MOJU Tropical Prebiotic shot. With mango, lime and baobab, plus the brand’s signature prebiotic mix and plant fibre means it’s got everything you need to support immune and digestive health. Buy for £27.80 (for four x 500ml bottles) from MOJU. Ditch the sugar-laden energy drinks and opt for Buzzed. This energy tonic water is powered by a 100% natural plant caffeine source. It’s also sweetened by honey and plant-based Stevia, so is just 17Kcals per can. Buy for £15 (for a case of 24 cans) from Buzzed. Pop this multi-tasking hair and body melt in your suitcase and allow the coconut oil, cardiosperum, vitamin E, echium oil and sunflower oil to work their magic when needed. Buy for £15 from Undid. Skin looking dehydrated thanks to the sun? Slather skin in Perricone MD High Potency Hyaluronic Intensive Hydrating Serum and allow the four different forms of hyaluronic acid to penetrate different layers of skin and give you an instant hydration hit. Buy for £79 from Perricone MD. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Could the Islamic ritual of waking up to pray in the early hours be a secret wellness hack? MORE : Liberty London is looking to hire a Beauty Tester and will treat them to free goodies MORE : The Fit List: Wellness buys you can’t live without this summer