The Wagatha Christie trial appears to be firmly in the past for Rebekah Vardy as she enjoys a holiday to Portugal. Rebekah, 40, who is married to footballer Jamie Vardy, was recently locked in a libel court case against fellow Wag Coleen Rooney. Coleen, wife of England star Wayne Rooney, publicly claimed Rebekah had leaked fake stories she’d planted on her personal Instagram account with The Sun newspaper. Rebekah denied the accusations and retaliated by suing Coleen for libel. The case came to a close in May, and while the stars are still awaiting a decision in the trial, both families are getting on with their lives. Model Rebekah is currently on holiday in Portugal, and this week was spotted relaxing on a beach in the Algarve region. The star looked pretty in pink as she hit the beach in an airy pink dress with white frills, the outfit short enough to show off her figure. Rebekah paired the dainty fit with dark sunglasses to protect her eyes from the Portugese sun, as well as silver jewellery on her wrists and fingers. A wider shot saw the mum-of-five walk with a pal towards the strand, loaded down with bags and towels for a day of relaxation. In one photograph snapped of the star, Rebekah could be seen holding up her phone as she surveyed boats and life jackets on offer to take out to sea. Having reached the sandy beach, Rebekah stripped down into a colourful floral bikini, looking happy and relaxed in the sun. The day of relaxation comes shortly after the media personality shared shocking videos of terrifying wildfires which blazed close to the family’s villa. Amid the heatwave across Europe which saw England hit its hottest day ever,  wildfires raged in Portugal, France, and Croatia, with homes being evacuated and livelihoods threatened. Rebekah shared a photo of an orange sky to Instagram, writing in Portugese to thank first responders. She wrote: ‘Waking up very grateful to the fire department that works tirelessly risking their lives to save ours. ‘Thank you.’ She added: ‘ Thinking of everyone. Very scary.’ The star also shared a video of a helicopter carrying water, writing: ‘These guys are incredible.’ Alan Shearer, who was also on holiday in the Vilamoura region of Portugal, was also documenting the horrifying blazes, describing them as ‘unbelievable.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebekah Vardy ‘prepares to evacuate’ as she’s caught in horrifying Portugal wildfires MORE : Coleen Rooney and husband Wayne show off glowing tans in Ibiza on idyllic getaway after Rebekah Vardy trial 