Ever since Luca Bish entered the Love Island villa, his bright pearly whites have made him easy to spot from a mile away. As fans will be aware, with the fishmonger mentioning them himself, his extraordinarily white teeth aren’t simply the work of very diligent dental hygiene. Rather, the 23-year-old – who’s currently coupled up with 19-year-old Gemma Owen on the show – went to Turkey to have crowns and veneers fitted. A resurfaced video shows Luca going to Turkey to have his teeth transformed – however there have been concerns over the so-called ‘Turkey teeth’ trend, with former Love Island winner Jack Fincham among those who travelled to the country for a procedure to avoid more expensive costs in England. Some patients reportedly suffered agonising after-effects, including teeth ‘dying’ and ‘excruciating pain’, a BBC report found. In the video of Luca shared by Dental Centre Turkey in April 2020, he and his ex-girlfriend Sophie Floyd visited the centre together to undergo transformations. They were filmed exiting their vehicle at the facility, having scans of their faces and teeth completed and deciding how they wanted their teeth to look. Luca later explained that he had crowns placed on his top teeth, and veneers on his bottom as he described the dental centre as ‘absolutely amazing’. ‘It’s been one of my best decisions I’ve ever made. I can’t recommend them enough. Since getting to the airport, everything’s on time. The cleanliness is amazing and yeah, can’t recommend them enough,’ he said. After returning to the car, he added: ‘All done, really don’t want to leave. The experience has been amazing. The staff have been amazing and I just don’t want to leave. I wish I could live here, the way they treated you. So happy with the results and yeah, thank you.’ The BBC recently aired a documentary called Turkey Teeth: Bargain Smiles or Big Mistake, in which former Love Island star Jack admitted he didn’t realise how ‘invasive’ crowns would be. Dr MJ Rowland-Warmann, director of a dental clinic in Liverpool, told the broadcaster: ‘If I did 20 crowns on a 21-year-old for the purposes of improving the colour, I would have my licence revoked, I would be struck off.’ Meanwhile, BBC News conducted a survey of 1,000 dentists, with 597 of those surveyed saying they had treated patients who suffered crown complications, as well as individuals who went to Turkey for dental procedures. Moreover, nearly one in five of those who participated in the survey said that the repairs ended up costing over £5,000 back in the UK. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Cave thanks Love Island star Luca Bish’s parents for ‘kindness’ after son Arthur’s death: ‘They’re as good as people get’ MORE : The damaging impact of Luca and Dami’s friendship and their battle for dominance – Love Island body language expert explains all 