The London Fire Brigade has declared a ‘major incident’ as crews tackle multiple fires across the city. Several homes on the edge of the capital were destroyed after a grassfire broke out and spread wildly out of control. Desperate residents could be seen running to escape the blaze before 100 firefighters arrived on the scene in Wennington, close to the Dartford Crossing. It appears strong wind blew the rising flames from a field onto the row of houses, gutting them within minutes. Meanwhile, shocking footage shows an enormous wildfire licking the A2 in Dartford. Drivers were filmed coming perilously close to the flames that have torn through woodland along the major route out of the capital. No casualties have been reported yet but thick smoke is impairing visibility across the road.   In nearby Upminster, east London, almost 200 firefighters were tackling a huge grassfire as temperatures reached record-breaking highs. Three hectares of cornfield and scrubland were ablaze, billowing smoke over the M25. Homes are also facing destruction in Dagenham as a huge grassfire triggered an evacuation on Ballards Road. Pictures show thick black smoke getting closer to buildings as eight fire engines arrive on the scene. Crews are also tackling two simultaneous grassfires in Croydon on Oaks Road and Chapel View. The London Ambulance Service confirmed it is dealing with multiple incidents across the city. A spokesperson said: ‘We are responding to a number of fire incidents across London including at Rainham and Wembley. ‘We have a number of resources on scene including ambulance crews and our Hazardous Response teams. We are treating patients on scene.’ Earlier this afternoon, temperatures exceeded 40°C for the first time ever in the UK. The threshold was hit at 12.50pm in Heathrow, when a provisional temperature of 40.2°C was recorded. The nation’s previous extreme was 38.7°C, set in Cambridge in 2019. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.