Love Island episode 38 featured an explosive row, a cute date, and a spot of Becky Hill – what more could you want?! Despite Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Culculoglu rekindling their romance, it seems the Italian Stallion still has some major trust issues. Meanwhile, Love Island legend Adam Collard went back to his roots as he took no less than three girls out on a date. Plus we finally saw Gemma Owen and Luca Bish enjoy their first date – and we got a Michael Owen reference. Here’s everything you missed on Love Island episode 38. Despite Ekin-Su staying loyal in Casa Amor, Davide still doesn’t trust her – and Adam’s arrival hasn’t exactly helped matters. At the beginning of Wednesday’s episode, the Italian islander admitted: ‘I don’t know if I can fully trust her.’ He added: ‘I don’t know if she wants to flirt or not. This is something I need to find out because I need to find out if she’s genuine or if she’s still the Ekin-Su of the beginning.’ However, that quickly devolved into Davide branding her the ‘fakest person’ he’s ever met, and confronting her for ‘looking at’ Adam. Davide accused Ekin-Su of looking at bombshell Adam whenever he walked past, with Ekin-Su insisting he’s ‘overthinking’. ‘You are a very good player,’ Davide insisted, before Ekin-Su pointed out that that she stayed completely loyal in Casa Amor. ‘I honestly believe you didn’t have enough temptation,’ Davide said. Ekin-Su went on to insist: ‘I don’t give a f**k about Adam!’ with Davide branding her ‘as fake as the Louis Vuitton from China.’ Plenty of viewers are backing Ekin, with one writing: ‘“She’s the fakest person” I hate the way Davide talks about Ekin, she hasn’t even done anything.’ ‘Why’s davide just turned on ekin I don’t understand,’ another said, while one more said: ‘Davide cannot be still calling ekin su fake from one thing that happened in week one.’ Adam was thrilled when he received a text saying he could take three girls on a date to the Hideaway terrace, with the islander choosing Summer first, Danica second, and Paige last. There was a whole load of flirtation, as Danica taught him how to dance, with Adam even describing Paige as ‘wifey material’. Safe to say, it’s put a smile on Paige’s face after Jacques O’Neill’s exit. It was a long time coming, and Gemma and Luca’s first date didn’t disappoint. Enjoying a drink by the sea, the pair laid their cards on the table, saying they could see a future together. They got chatting about families and finally Luca mentioned Gemma’s famous footballing dad. ‘You’ve got the same humour as my dad,’ Gemma said, with Luca replying: ‘If i only I could kick a ball the same as him.’ It’s only been 38 episodes. It was time for a well-earned party for the islanders, with none other than Becky Hill making an appearance! The gang busted out their best moves as the My Heart Goes hitmaker sang her heart out , and safe to say she smashed it. Love Island continues Thursday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Becky Hill as she performs at the Love Island villa? MORE : Jacques O’Neill seen for first time in UK since quitting Love Island after mum confirms ‘he is home’ 