The family of Love Island star Luca Bish have pleaded with viewers to stop sending ‘abuse’ to his social media accounts, after ‘receiving death threats’ online. Luca has faced some backlash in recent episodes after he was shown becoming angry at Billy Brown flirting with Gemma Owen. He was also seen on camera ripping into Tasha Ghouri for getting upset when she landed in the bottom three of the public vote once more. However, the intense criticism from fans has escalated, which has led to his account handlers to issue a plea to fans. After Sunday’s episode, Luca’s family posted some of the abusive messages directed at the Love Island star on Instagram. They wrote: ‘Please, please, please stop messaging abuse. Luca can’t even see it… the people that love him most can. ‘I’ve just been sick from crying so much at the death threats (an hour on from that last story). How can people be so inhumane.’ Alongside screen grabs of messages from trolls, the person behind the account added: ‘The hardest night of my entire life. This is happening every second. ‘Just so beyond grateful Luca isn’t here to read these. Heartbroken.’ Elsewhere, they also shared a joint message from those who are looking after the social media accounts of this year’s islanders. ‘Love Island is an interactive TV show where opinions, discussion and debate are welcome in equal measure to displays of support, love and kindness. ‘Although we have never met, we stand together today, united against the hate messages and insults that some viewers seem to think are acceptable to throw at our friends, sons, daughters and family members.’ The statement went on to add: ‘Your hate has no place on our pages or in society in general. ‘This post is being shared across contestants’ social media pages at the same time and Love Island fan pages as a sign of unity and denouncement of hate.’ Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne and Adam Collard share first kiss days after Jacques O’Neill’s dramatic exit MORE : Luca Bish dubbed ‘s**t stirrer’ by Love Island girls after ‘egging on boys’ in Casa Amor finally exposed 