Dozens of female inmates claim they were sexually assaulted in a ‘night of terror’ after male prisoners were allegedly given access to their wing. Some 28 women filed lawsuits claiming ex-corrections officer David Lowe sold a key to two male inmates at Clark County Jail in Jeffersonville, Indiana. A group of men reportedly got into their wing and assaulted, harassed and demanded oral sex from the women. At least two of them were allegedly raped in the violent onslaught, which went on uninterrupted for at least two hours before the emergency button was pressed and the men escaped. Attorney William McCall, who is representing many of the women, said it ‘boggles the mind’ how no one at the jail noticed ‘so many male inmates moving around’. When officers did respond, they allegedly punished the women for leaving their lights on and confiscated their blankets. Attorney Bart Betteau told DailyMail.com: ‘My belief is that there is video because there always is. ‘Until you look these women in the eye and hear them talk about it you can’t understand their horror.’ Lowe was arrested within 48 hours of reports emerging he had sold a jail key to male inmates. He was charged with trafficking with an inmate and aiding escape and faces trial in November. But the mass assault allegations only came to light in June, when 20 women filed a civil lawsuit against Lowe, other jail staff and Clark County sheriff Jamey Noel. Then eight more women came forward in July to sue Lowe and the unnamed prison workers. Unlike the first 20, these women are not suing sheriff Noel individually but the Sheriff’s department as a whole. The sheriff denies many of the accusations, saying the claims of rape were investigated internally and were not yet found to be true. He also denies responsibility for the ‘unforeseeable criminal actions of a rogue corrections officer’. His attorney Larry O. Wilder said: ‘The sheriff’s Detective Division has continued to interview female inmates who were present in the pod that evening and these interviews have yielded information that is in direct opposition to the allegations made in the civil lawsuit. ‘Further, the investigation seems to indicate that there was a systematic plan by individuals who were incarcerated that evening to develop the narrative that makes up the crux of the claims in the civil case.’ Mr O. Wilder went on to say the ‘investigation is not over’ and committed to ‘insuring that nothing of this magnitude or scope every occurs again’. But he added: ‘However, the sheriff is equally committed to defending those untruths that have been alleged by those who are attempting to reap financial gain from the crimes of David Lowe.’ The prison made headlines in 2016 when it participated in US reality TV show ’60 Days In’ where volunteers pretend to be inmates. The show was not being filmed at the time of the alleged crimes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.