A hotel has sparked outrage for charging customers £2 to take an ingredient out of a burger. A menu from the restaurant in The George Hotel in Yarmouth, on the Isle of Wight, was posted online on Sunday. It showed the price of a burger with chips at £21.50, with a note underneath adding it would cost an extra £2 or the addition or removal of an ingredient. The hotel has since said the sentence about item removal was a ‘misunderstanding’ by a worker, and has since been taken out. But it still stands by the price of its burger. Patrick Kidd replied on Twitter: ‘£21.50 for a burger in a pub is immoral to start with, before you get to adding £2 for removing the lettuce.’ Stephen Newton added: ‘Do you get fined for removing the lettuce yourself?’ Alex Selby-Boothroyd pointed out: ‘Nearly thirty quid for a plain burger?!’ Other social media users joked the hotel could ‘burger off’ over those prices. A spokesperson for the three-star hotel said: ‘This was an unfortunate instance of an employee misinterpreting a discussion regarding extra toppings for our burger. ‘They took it upon themselves to add a sentence to the menu which made no sense at all. ‘As soon as the mistake was spotted, the menus were all reprinted and the employee will not “fiddle” with the menu going forward. ‘We are a high-end beach club restaurant in a smart hotel with a private beach. ‘We use locally sourced high-quality ingredients and employ skilled, well-paid staff. The cost of £21.50 for a burger is what we need to charge.’ Last year the hotel’s restaurant was given a one-star food hygiene rating, with Isle of Wight Council noting ‘major improvement’ was needed in September. Cleanliness and pest control prevented it from being given zero, and the hotel is now understood to be under new management and it now has a five-star rating. The kitchen was previously headed up by Robert Thompson, who is the youngest chef to ever be awarded a Michelin Star. This was in 2019 but he has since moved on to North House, a boutique hotel on the island. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.