There are set to be twists, turns and chaos ahead on Love Island as the girls walked into Casa Amor – just hours after a brutal dumping. In a new turn, producers plonked Paige Thorne, Indiyah Polack, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Gemma Owen, Tasha Ghouri and Danica Taylor into their temporary home. After a lot of screaming, the contestants were taking in their surroundings when Tasha got a dreaded text, revealing they were about to meet a new selection of men. ‘Girls welcome to Casa Amor,’ the message read. ‘You’ll have six new boys to get to know.’ It was then that viewers got a look at Ronan Keating’s son, Jack, as well as his new castmates Samuel Agbiji, Josh Samuel le Grove, Billy Brown, Deji Adeniyi and George Tasker. The episode ended as the bombshells walked into Casa Amor, with Gemma excitedly repeating Ekin-Su’s name. A brief teaser for Sunday night’s episode showed a selection of new single girls stomping into the original villa, ready to shake the series up once more. Earlier in the hour-long programme, Charlie Radnedge and Antigoni Buxton were dumped from the series just before the infamous twist. Their fellow Islanders were tasked with making the decision, after three couples landed in the bottom two, following a public vote. The girls chose to save Andrew Le Page and Jay Younger, while the boys gave Tasha and Danica another chance. Ekin-Su said of the decision: ‘You all deserve a long chance in here and a shot. It was very hard for us to decide between the three of you but we just had to come to a decision together. ‘So the boy that the girls have decided to be dumped from the island is Charlie.’ As Luca Bish added of the choice the boys made: ‘Obviously this ain’t been an easy decision for any of us. You’re all beautiful girls, inside and out, I think you all know that, and it will be gutting to see one of you leave. ‘But obviously we are all here to find love, that being one of the biggest factors in it, who will be more open to that and who’s got better connections at the minute. ‘I’ll be gutted to see any of you go at the end of the day so… yeah. So the girl the boys have decided to dump from the Island is Antigoni.’ With Casa Amor firmly in full swing, who else will have their head turned next? Love Island continues on Sunday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Charlie Radnedge and Antigoni Buxton get dumped from the villa by their co-stars in brutal decision MORE : Marvel unveils new gay ‘fearlessly femme’ Spider-Man and he’s so fierce 