That’s right, the 99p McDonald’s cheeseburger is now going to be the £1.19 cheeseburger. Somehow it doesn’t have quite the same ring to it. This change marks the end of an era, with the 99p price having been frozen for the last 14 years. The company has cited inflation as the reason behind the move, and the cheeseburger is apparently not the only thing on the menu that will be increasing in price. The announcement was made this morning in a newsletter to fans of the fast food giant signed by the UK and Ireland CEO himself, Alistair Macrow, who said the fast food giant was having to ‘make some tough choices about our prices.’ He opened it by writing: ‘We know things are tough right now. We’re living through incredibly challenging times and we’re all seeing the cost of everyday items, such as food and energy, increase in a way many of us have never experienced. ‘Just like you, our company, our franchisees who own and operate our restaurants, and our suppliers are all feeling the impact of rising inflation. ‘Although we’re seeing increasing costs, we’re committed to developing and rewarding our people, supporting our suppliers and the 25,000 British and Irish farmers we work with, and continuing to help invest in community programmes up and down the country.’ The newsletter goes on to explain that, during the course of the summer, we’ll be seeing between 10p and 20p increases to the prices of a number of menu items. On top of that, from today, the price of the formerly 99p cheeseburger will be going up by 20p. ‘Some prices remain unaffected,’ the newsletter went on, ‘and some will continue to vary across our restaurants. ‘We understand that any price increases are not good news, but we have delayed and minimised these changes for as long as we could.’ Metro.co.uk spoke to a McDonald’s representative, who said that it’s difficult to pinpoint exactly what other menu items are going to be increasing in price and by precisely how much, given the varied nature of the prices set by specific branches across the nation. Since the formerly 99p cheeseburger was the same price across the land, it was a safe benchmark for head office to set at this stage. While they said ‘it’s difficult to say with confidence’ at this stage, a list of items they ‘expect’ to see cost more in a significant number of branches includes: As for the rest of the 99p saver menu, we were told those prices will likely remain unchanged. When asked whether it will still be offering ‘great tasting food from 99p’, the rep said: ‘That will still be accurate’. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Neigh luck for men on horse and cart at McDonald’s drive-thru MORE : People left ‘raging’ after chef turns McDonald’s fries and chicken nuggets into pasta MORE : Warning of more supply shortages at McDonald’s