There’s plenty of bad blood between Serenam Waterford (Yvonne Strahovski) and June Osborne (Elisabeth Moss) in The Handmaid’s Tale… and it looks like season 5 is going to see their feud explode into a war. The new trailer for the upcoming episodes of the dystopian drama follows straight after the season 4 finale, when June and a mob of former Handmaids killed Commander Fred Waterford (Joseph Fiennes), June’s former captor when she was in his service in Gilead. The teaser opens with June washing the blood off her hands, defiantly saying – in a very Olenna Tyrell (from Game of Thrones) manner – that she wants Serena to know that she was behind her husband’s death. Dubbing Serena ‘the grieving wife’, June remarks that ‘she knows the world is watching’, as Serena dons black ensemble and matching veil to mourn her late husband and attend his funeral, in a ceremony broadcast on TV. However, as June points out, Serena is well-aware that people have her eyes on her – so is the pregnant widow genuinely distraught, or putting on an act? Serena seems as calm as ever while remaining under captivity after her and Fred’s arrest, doing yoga as her baby bump continues to grow. Meanwhile, June admits: ‘I feel Gilead pulling me back,’ as she’s shown lying in bed with her husband, Luke Bankole (O-T Fagbenle) and then caressing the face of her former lover Nick Blaine (Max Minghella), who remains in Gilead. However, Luke insists to his wife about Serena: ‘She can’t get to you. So you’ve just got to forget about her.’ But it’s hard to forget the past, especially when June and Luke see Serena’s veiled, crying face being plastered across billboards in the city. Another close-up of Serena’s face at the funeral is then shown, but this time with a wry smile, implying it’s all an act to garner sympathy from the public. This seems to be working to some degree, as Serena attends what looks like a vigil, possibly in her late husband’s honour. Mark Tuello (Sam Jaeger), a representative of the US Government-in-Exile, warns of the consequences of June’s actions, telling her: ‘A handmaid killing her commander. Gilead is not going to let that stand.’ However, June is ready to take up arms once more, asserting: ‘You want a fight? Let’s fight,’ as she appears to have her finger on the trigger of a gun while crossing paths with her foe, Serena. Things are about to get bloody. The Handmaid’s Tale season 5 airs from September 14 in the US on Hulu. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ‘hire Handmaid’s Tale director’ for upcoming Netflix documentary MORE : The Handmaid’s Tale producer says show is ‘even more relevant’ after Supreme Court’s Roe vs Wade ruling 