Rylan Clark was seen enjoying a romantic evening with Ex On The Beach star Declan Doyle in adorable new photos – with the pair sharing a kiss to seal the deal. The presenter, who last year split from Dan Neal, his husband of six years, appeared to have a blast as he and Declan hit up a Marylebone restaurant and shared a smooch outside. Both donning casual looks, they chatted away, clearly not fazed by punters sitting nearby on picnic benches. One snap saw Declan, 32, smiling as he leaned in towards Rylan, 33, while a string of photos showed them sharing a kiss in the street as Declan held Rylan’s waist. More pictures showed the pair laughing together, and holding drinks as they enjoyed their evening. It seems it’s early days between the pair, with a rep for Declan telling Metro.co.uk: ‘Declan is currently single and keeping his options open. ‘He is enjoying his time with Rylan and allowing things to progress naturally.’ Rylan seems to be back in the dating game after his split from Dan last year. He had a tough year in the wake of the split, which led to him taking four months out of the spotlight for his mental health. Speaking to Davina McCall on his podcast Ry-Union, the presenter admitted: ‘I was ill. I was really in a bad way for that four months. ‘It’s really strange, because lately, I’ve been thinking about it. It was summer as well. Last summer was really hot and people were enjoying themselves and I had no phone.’ Rylan had handed over control of his social media accounts to his management team and avoided watching the news during this time. He explained: ‘I saw nothing. In one respect, that was the best thing for me. In the same respect, I look back now and I do regret how I got, but I couldn’t help how I got. ‘I wished I’d just gone to work. I wish I had the ability to go to work and try and distract myself from what was going on in my life, but I actually couldn’t. For every hour that passed, it got worse and worse and worse.’ Thankfully, Rylan soon returned and he seems to have been doing much better since. Declan previously dated Geordie Shore star Nathan Henry, with the pair rekindling their romance after a stint on Celebrity Ex On The Beach. However, they split in April this year, with a source telling MailOnline at the time: ‘Nathan and Declan split a few days ago. As with any relationship, they don’t always work out. Nathan wishes Declan all the best for the future, in his life and sobriety.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Rylan Clark for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rylan Clark kisses Ex On The Beach star Declan Doyle after split from husband Dan Neal MORE : Rylan, Mary Berry and Ciara lead stylish arrivals as celebs don their glad rags for day 4 of Wimbledon Tennis Championships 