A mum has hit out after a brand new home was built so close to hers she says she can open her bathroom window and touch her neighbour’s wall. Niki Caira, 35, who lives in Fife, Scotland, was left horrified when she first discovered how close the new home would be built to hers. Fife Council agreed to allow KJJ Properties and businessman Alex Penman to build the two homes worth £350,000 despite serious concerns and objections. But planning permission was given the go-ahead last year despite Niki and her husband Mario rejecting the proposals in 2020. She has now put a sign outside her house which reads; ‘How will you get in your back door when our windows are open? Whilst passing please preserve our privacy by not looking in our toilet window’. A solicitor for the developers insisted that the 1.3 metre gap between the two homes ‘of course exceeds the statutory minimum.’ But Niki says the events have also caused her to lose two stone in weight and she is now 6st 11lbs. She has lived at the home with her children, husband and mum Mhairi for the past 16 years. She said: ‘I’m hardly eating, I’m struggling to sleep and I’m just feeling so anxious about this whole situation. ‘I can’t stop thinking about it and the stress and upheaval is it going to cause if we have no choice but to move. I also keep thinking that this is going to decrease the value of our property. ‘It’s an eyesore and all we can see when we look out of our windows. ‘When I complained about it the builder suggested I put up a high wall to hide the property. My kids would feel like they were living in a prison with a 10ft wall surrounding them. ‘We absolutely loved our home, but now I just feel stressed every time I look out of my windows. It’s such a shame because we were all so happy living here until now.’ She told the Daily Record she was even asked by builders to close her bathroom window to allow them to erect a scaffold as there was not enough space for them to do so with it opened. She added: ‘It’s absolutely disgraceful that this has been allowed to happen. Why did Fife Council approve this application? I don’t understand how they can think this is okay.’ Robert F MacDonald, of Robert F MacDonald Solicitors, who is acting on behalf of KJJ builders and Alex Penman, said: ‘We understand that development on adjoining land can cause feelings among neighbours to run high, however my client’s are satisfied that they have complied with all the relevant planning and building control requirements in respect of the two properties which are currently being erected at this site. ‘This is a former brown field site which had lain empty for many years. Mr and Mrs Caira had the opportunity to take part in the planning process and they expressed their views to the planning authority at that time. ‘No doubt these were taken into account by the Fife Council in reaching their decision. Mr and Mrs Caira did have the opportunity to appeal the planning decision but did not do so. ‘Slightly unusually, Mr and Mrs Caria’s property is built directly on the boundary between the two pieces of land. All the building work however has been conducted by my clients on ground owned by Mr Penman. ‘There is sufficient room between the two houses for the scaffolding to be erected, and for access to repairs to either property in future if required. We understand that during the course of the scaffolding being erected the scaffolders asked Mrs Caira if a window (which opens over land belonging to our client) could be closed slightly to enable them to erect the scaffolding. ‘The existence of the scaffolding does not prevent Mrs Caira from opening her window. Once the work has been completed there will be a 1.3 metre gap between the walls of the new build and Mr and Mrs Caira’s house, which of course exceeds the statutory minimum.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.