A flytipper was traced and fined by council officers after leaving bank and phone statements showing her home address in a mound of trash. The woman was issued with a £200 Fixed Penalty Notice after council enforcement officers took a close look at the discarded rubbish. The eyesore included a letter from Barclays and a mobile phone statement from EE which were dumped along with household trash including an empty plastic bottle of cream soda and a bottle of Baileys. The flytip, shown with items poking out of a black refuse bag, was found behind a shop in Gosport, Hampshire. A council enforcement officer investigated and a 48-year-old woman from the borough was traced through the evidence found in the rubbish and given the notice. The fine was reduced to £120 after she paid within 10 days of the penalty being issued for the unsightly mess left on Brockhurst Road. Cllr Peter Chegwyn, Leader of Gosport Borough Council, told Metro.co.uk: ‘Dealing with flytipping is a priority for the council. ‘We investigate all reports and use all our powers to track down perpetrators. I hope fines like this dissuade other people from spoiling their neighbourhoods with rubbish.’ The council, which employs Streetscene Enforcement Officers, said that reports of fly-tipping will be ‘fully investigated and dealt with appropriately’. Further details of the investigation were released last week after the picture was shared by the local authority on its Facebook page in June. Last week, Metro.co.uk told how people living on a newly-built estate had complained about schoolchildren dumping unwanted and broken toys. They claimed Bell Green in Coventry was being plagued by youngsters who were leaving rubbish on paths, canals and in alleyways. Pictures showed sofas, bags of waste and shopping trolleys also blighting Riley Square and the nearby area, with residents calling on the city council to take action over the mess. Another fly-tipper was spotted by a Ministry of Defence helicopter as he dumped waste and burnt mattresses. Corey Ross Carr, of Melksham, Wiltshire, had been claiming to operate a waste clearance service but had previously been prosecuted for environmental and trading standards offences. Carr was fined £1,295 for four environmental offences and one Trading Standards offence at Swindon Magistrates’ Court on June 6. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.