Adam Collard has literally only been in the Love Island villa five minutes and he’s already ruffling feathers. The season 4 troublemaker made a spectacular entrance on Monday night, much to the delight of the squealing girls. In a first for the ITV2 dating show, he came back for round two, hoping to find love after previously dating Zara McDermott following his appearance on the show in 2018. Now, however, he claims he’s looking for a serious relationship – which the other boys don’t seem to like. Before we get into the drama of the new arrival, we have to talk about tonight’s dumping, since we sadly lost Jay Younger and Chyna Mills. Their fellow Islanders made the difficult decision after lengthy deliberations, basing their decision on who they thought had the best chance of finding a connection in the villa. It was between Jay and Chyna, and Dami Hope Summer Botwe, with the Islanders opting to save Dami and Summer, with Gemma Owen making the announcement. ‘It’s not been an easy decision. I think it’s the worst feeling having to send a couple home. I think we feel particularly bad for you girls because you’ve not had long to explore connections,’ she began, before revealing the pair who would be staying. Leaving the villa, Jay, who previously set his sights on Paige Thorne, said he thinks the experience brought him closer to finding the one. Chyna said it’s been ‘short but sweet’ and that she’s enjoyed the experience. The couple found each other in Casa Amor, after Jay was in a friendship couple with Danica Taylor. However, they realised there wasn’t a romantic spark between them, and decided to help each other find a romantic connection. To say the girls were excited to get a text notifying them of Adam’s arrival would be an understatement, with even the very much taken girls rushing to fix their hair and touch up their make-up. Adam wasted no time in doing the rounds and pulling each girl for a chat, making it very clear from the get go what his motives were. The 2018 icon started with Paige, who just one ad break ago had forgiven Jacques O’Neill for playing away in Casa Amor. It seems his heartfelt declaration of love was well and truly forgotten as the boys enjoyed some R&R while the girls got to know the new bombshell. Chatting to Adam by the pool, Paige already looked smitten, suggesting sparks could be about to fly between the pair. Paige admitted that, if she did feel a connection with new boy Adam, she would ‘do what Jacques did in Casa Amor’, suggesting she’s not so loyal to him after all, despite forgiving his antics following his lovey dovey speech. But it wasn’t just Paige with her eye on Adam, as Danica also had a twinkle in her eye while chatting to him. She revealed that her connection with Josh Samuel Le Grove – whom she coupled up with in Casa Amor – had well and truly fizzled out and they’d decided to just be friends, leaving Danica single and, by the looks of things, on a mission to make Adam hers. The 21-year-old opened up about her last relationship that she’d been in for six years, making it known she was available. Adam later chatted with Tasha Ghouri and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, and while Tasha seemed keen to get closer to Adam, Ekin-Su was more reserved and is still holding out hope for her romance with Davide Sanclimenti to blossom. One head Adam doesn’t seem to be turning, though, is Gemma Owen’s, since she made it clear she’s pretty solid with Luca Bish. Although, she’s well aware of how protective the fishmonger can be, so something tells us he won’t be smiling when he catches he chatting with the new boy. But tonight’s episode wasn’t all about Adam – as much as he’d probably like it to be – because Indiyah Polack and Dami shared a sweet moment too. Dami was almost sent home tonight, after he and Summer Botwe ended up in the bottom two couples, along with Jay and Chyna. It seems Indiyah has grown more grateful for the connection she could’ve lost, since the two shared a special bond from early on. So, just when it looked like the couples were settling down for some shut-eye, Indiyah had other ideas after noticing Dami was outside with Billy Brown, sleeping on the day bed. Not wasting a moment, she sprinted out of the bedroom and he leapt off the bed as soon as he saw her coming, eventually running into each other’s arms. Dami picked Indiyah up, she wrapped her legs around his waist, and they shared a passionate goodnight smooch. Fans were totally living for the rom com moment, with one calling it ‘some Romeo and Juliet s**t’. ‘That Indiyah Dami moment was adorable,’ one tweeted, with another writing: ‘Dami and Indiyah have one cute love story’. ‘That Dami and Indiyah scene was to cute, Dami better treat Indiyah like the queen she is’, one viewer added. A dramatic teaser for Tuesday night’s episode suggests Jacques and Adam didn’t exactly get off to the best start – could this have something to do with Adam wanting to get to know Paige more? It seems Gemma told Jacques that Adam had been talking badly about him behind his back to Paige, well and truly stirring the pot and leaving Jacques rather angry indeed. Jacques proceeded to storm over to Adam (seriously, he was gunning for confrontation), asking: ‘Who the f**k is he?’ Cameras cut off before we could really get a piece of the action, but viewers will, no doubt, be sitting on the edge of their sofas in suspense, waiting a potential fight. ‘I am SO here for jacques & adam beef bc jacques seriously needs to be humbled,’ one fan tweeted following the episode. Others aren’t so convinced that Jacques can walk the walk as well as talk the talk, since Adam is literally 6 foot 5. ‘Jacques…Adam will squash you like a grape,’ one viewer laughed. Time will tell how things go down, but one thing’s for sure – Paige is definitely interested in Adam, as they spent a good amount of time chatting by the pool in Monday night’s episode. Adam made no secret of the fact that he wants to cause trouble and isn’t afraid to go after what he wants, and we reckon he’s well on his way to accomplishing his missions already. Love Island continues each night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans can’t cope as Adam Collard insists he’s ‘a relationship person’ after explosive return MORE : Love Island: When did Adam Collard and Zara McDermott break up?  