Lisandro Martinez has reunited with Erik ten Hag at Manchester United and believes the Dutchman will bring a winning mentality to Old Trafford, but it will be an intense experience. After moving from Ajax earlier this summer, Ten Hag has gone back to his former club to bring the 24-year-old  with him to Manchester. The new Red Devils boss convinced his new employers to spend an initial £48m on the Argentina international, although the fee could rise to around £56m. Martinez and Ten Hag were together in Amsterdam from 2019-22, winning two Eredivisie titles, a KNVB Cup and personally the versatile defender was named Ajax Player of the Year last season. The new signing at Old Trafford is well placed to rate Ten Hag’s abilities and he is excited to be working with him again, this time in the Premier League. ‘I was with him for three years at Ajax and I know his style of playing,’ Martinez told United club media. ‘With him, I improved a lot, to be honest. He’s here in Manchester now, so again the opportunity was there and for sure he’s very important in my [career].’ On what his new teammates can expect from their manager – if they have not already experienced it – he added: ‘Very intense, for sure. Good football. Winning mentality, you know? That’s the most important [thing]. ‘Every player needs to have things clear. I think he’s very clear also. So I think, with him, every day you can learn and then, in the game, you can understand also fully – tactics and everything.’ Martinez was only unveiled as a Manchester United player on Wednesday, but on the same day he played in a training ground friendly against Wrexham. The Red Devils get their Premier League campaign underway on Sunday 7 August against Brighton at Old Trafford and the Argentinian will be keen to be involved. MORE : Lisandro Martinez explains how ‘hard life’ led him to Manchester United MORE : Three ways Manchester United could line-up with new signing Lisandro Martinez For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 