Like many mums-to-be, when I was cradling my first bump back in 2009, I fantasised about the sort of mother I’d become. I’d dream of pushing strollers in sun-drenched parks, wearing a floral dress and laughing as my petit protégé took her first steps. The reality was far less Instagram worthy. Pushing a stroller definitely happened, but usually one laden with carefully balanced shopping bags. I did wear the odd dress now and then, but usually with a tell-tale vomit stain accessory, and while I laughed, it wasn’t the carefree titter of a satisfied mum, but the desperate, sleep-deprived cackle of a broken woman. Motherhood can be wonderful. But it’s a messy business. The good news is that most mums soon develop a pretty thick skin, as well as a sense of comradery with others in the same boat. That’s why I’d reassure Katie Hannaford, the mother from Essex who went viral for accidentally mooning the crowd at her son’s sport’s day last week after tripping in a dress during the parents’ race. We may not all have done exactly that, but we’re with her in spirit. When you’re struggling on just a few hours’ sleep, coping with teething or tantrums, trying your best to keep the nappy bin from overflowing; when you’ve heaved an inordinate amount of groceries home from the supermarket and cooked a nutritious meal only to have it refused or regurgitated; when you’re worried about work and money and aren’t quite sure whether it’s Tuesday, Wednesday or a week next Thursday, there’s not a lot of time left to care about how you look, what others think or whether or not you’ve humiliated yourself in a public place. We might not all have exposed ourselves on a school playing field, but most mums you question will have their own raft of embarrassing experiences that come with the territory. And they’ll tell you that if you don’t learn to laugh at these moments – born of tiredness, lack of preparation time and the simple act of living with tiny children – you’ll start crying and never stop. So as an act of solidarity, I’ve decided to share my own stories of postpartum public humiliation. I’m not talking about trips to the gynae or the utter don’t-give-a-damn-who-sees-my-fanny-just-get-this-baby-out-of-me surrender that happens during labour. But the time afterwards when (according to adverts for everything from baby toys to antiseptic wipes) we’re supposed to be living in the sort of maternal nirvana we fantasised about nine months before reality bit. One summer, back when I had five children under six, I decided to brave the swimming pool – mostly out of an excess of motherhood guilt. This involved changing into my swimming costume while trying to wrestle four children into theirs, then attempting to keep an eye on four excited mini-mes as I inflated armbands, emptied goggles of infiltrating water and tried to keep myself afloat. Yes, I was insane to go in the first place. But, I would have got away with it if it hadn’t been for those pesky pants. I’d prepared for the swim by wearing my costume under my clothes. But had been so worried I might forget my knickers for afterwards, I’d put them over the top to be removed in the changing rooms. Only in all the chaos, I neglected that last crucial step. After an hour in the pool, I stood in the sunshine to queue at the kiosk for a drink. Seeing some teens looking at me, I glared – wait ‘til you’ve had five kids, I thought, then see what you look like in a cossie. Then, something caught my eye. The next moment felt surreal; a shiver of horror ran through me when I looked down and realised that over the top of my light grey swimmers I was sporting a small, slightly washed-out pair of black underwear. It’s not the only time I’ve exposed my pants in public either. One time at the supermarket I saw a pair of knickers on the floor and thought ‘those look like some that I have,’ before realising they’d slipped out of the leg of the jeans I’d pulled on that morning after a sleepless night – discarded from the night before. These are just two moments from what is now 12 years of parenting. Believe me there are more. The time when my 2-year-old ran out of the swimming changing rooms brandishing my bra and crying: ‘Mummy! I found your boobies!’ also springs to mind. But the point is, it doesn’t matter. As the brave woman on the sports day running track proved, the faux-pas that come with motherhood can be hilarious. And sharing them, laughing at them, binds us together. I’d like to reassure her – mums across the land will be high-fiving the ‘who cares?’ attitude. We’re all on this crazy, messy ride together – knicker-exposing and all, we’ve got your back. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Is motherhood oversold to women? I think so MORE : Why is ambivalence around motherhood still so shocking? MORE : I knew I had bad parents – but it really hit home when I became a mother