Jesy Nelson has split from her record label after one year of working together. The former Little Mix star, 30, left the chart-topping girl group in December 2020 due to her mental health and the pressure of being in a band, so she went on to launch a solo career. However, the new chapter in her career didn’t quite get off to the flying start she was probably hoping for, as she faced allegations of Blackfishing. Jesy vehemently denied the claims and continued to promote her debut single Boyz, which featured Nicki Minaj. Now, though, reports state that the Essex star has parted ways with label Polydor after they ‘failed to agree on new music.’ Polydor – which is home to the likes of Billie Eilish and Sam Fender – confirmed that they are no longer working with Jesy in a statement issued to Metro.co.uk. ‘Polydor have amicably parted ways with Jesy,’ they began. ‘We have enjoyed working with her and everyone at the label wishes her nothing but the best for the future.’ Meanwhile, music insiders told The Sun that Jesy walked away from her label to make a fresh start. She has since been removed from the label’s website under their list of talent. ‘Jesy decided it was the right time for her to make a clean break,’ they told the outlet. ‘She and the label have been going in different directions in recent months. And while there hasn’t been a fall-out, Jesy just felt it was better to start afresh now – while everyone was still friends. ‘Jesy enjoyed her time with Polydor – but feels, rather than go on together while having such differing musical ideas for the future, she now wants to be able to fully develop her own ideas as an individual artist.’ A second source added that, despite the criticism she’s received, Jesy ‘loves the music she has been working on and is really proud of it.’ Following the release of Boyz – which charted at number four – she has been ‘working hard in Los Angeles and is determined to get it out there and make a success of her solo music.’ Jesy – who was previously in a band with Leigh-Anne Pinnock, Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards, who are now on hiatus – has been keeping fans updated on her songwriting sessions in the States and teasing new releases on her social media. But her split from Polydor comes after reports of her being ‘sent back to the drawing board’ after label bosses felt her tracks ‘needed more work.’ She’s been working with a whole host of producers and writers across the pond, including Tayla Parx who wrote the band’s smash hit Sweet Melody. It remains to be seen when her next single will drop, or what direction she’ll go in with a label. Reps for Jesy have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘I need it to be handled with care!’ Nicki Minaj shocks fans by dropping surprise trailer before it’s even found a channel MORE : Rita Ora slays in summer chic as she heads out in Paris amid blossoming Taika Waititi romance 