London is predicted to be hotter than Havana, Islamabad, the Western Sahara and popular European holiday destinations today as temperatures soar. The Met Office has forecast the capital could see highs of 38°C when the heatwave sweeps across England. The rise in temperatures has forced the UK Health Security Agency to announce a level 4 heat-health alert – described as an ’emergency’ – while the Met Office has issued the UK’s first red extreme heat warning, with both run from today until Wednesday. London’s scorching temperatures mean the capital will be warmer than some of the hottest places in the world. Dakar in Senegal will be 30°C while Londoners swelter in conditions closer to 40°C. Hong Kong, Nassau in the Bahamas and Kabul in Afghanistan will all be 32°C, Havana in Cuba will be 33°C and Islamabad in Pakistan will be 36°C while Dakhla in the Western Sahara will be a relatively mild 24°C. Other areas of England will also experience hotter weather than the international destinations, with the Midlands predicted to see highs of 37°C, East Anglia with 36°C and the North West and North East with 33°C. The hot weather will continue tomorrow, with forecasters warning Tuesday could be even warmer before temperatures drop on Wednesday. Professor Penelope Endersby, the chief executive of the Met Office told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme this morning: ‘We think today we may well see the hottest day in the UK in history, with the hottest temperatures in the South East, but actually the highest temperatures we expect tomorrow, and those temperatures will be further north as that warm air pushes north. ‘So it’s tomorrow that we’re really seeing the higher chance of 40 degrees and temperatures above that. ‘Even possibly above that… 41 isn’t off the cards. We’ve even got some 43s in the model but we’re hoping it won’t be as high as that.’ She added that such extreme temperatures are not expected beyond Tuesday, but that the Met Office will then be monitoring the possibility of drought in the coming months. ‘Well, we certainly don’t see these very hot temperatures persisting past Tuesday, so we’re expecting a big drop in temperature, mercifully, overnight into Wednesday – down 10 or 12 degrees on what it has been the days before,’ she said. ‘We are still seeing hotter than average in our three-month outlook and also very dry, and our attention is turning, once we’re past these two days, to drought and when we might see any rain, and we’re not seeing any significant rain coming up.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 