Welcome back to How I Made It, Metro.co.uk’s weekly career journey series. This week we’re looking at the modelling industry from the perspective of a casting agent (previously we looked at it through a model’s eyes). Joel Bough, 35, is a scout working in London for Elite Model Management London. He’s been in the industry for over a decade, working at first for fashion magazines before moving to scouting – but Joel always knew it had to be fashion in some form. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, he says: ‘After university I started working in editorial for fashion mags like Arena Homme+ and Another Man, but I quickly realised that model casting (street casting in particular) was my forte. ‘It wasn’t long before Elite came knocking and I went in-house to become a full time scout. ‘In total I think I’ve been stopping people on the street for over a decade now.’ Here’s how he made it. Hey Joel, how did you get into being a scout? For me it was quite organic as I was already working in fashion and was a model fanatic. At Arena Homme+ we published an issue that was an ode to the 80s ‘buffalo stance’ movement inspired by Neneh Cherry and Ray Petri. The editor wanted to street-cast as much of the issue as possible and of course I volunteered. The rest is history. Is this a job with a set pathway to get in or is it quite random? There’s no set pathway into scouting but my advice to young people is just to start doing it. Print yourself some business cards, scout some great faces and then introduce them to agencies like Elite for a finder’s fee. Once you’ve built a reputation you can go in-house or maybe start your own agency. How does it work for you – where do you find people? I’m a regular at all the UK music festivals – that’s probably the best place to find lots of young people all in the same place. It’s a numbers game really, you have to look at large crowds to find a one in a million face. The downside of festivals is that many scouts are there so it’s a competitive stomping ground. I also like to find smaller events that nobody else is going to. How involved are you once they’re found? Once I find someone we invite them to the office to see how they photograph and after that it can be a slow process with development which is essentially ‘model training’. Everyone’s journey is different depending on their level of confidence and availability but I try to stay involved the whole way through to their first big jobs. What do you look for when scouting – is there something that makes you ‘know’ a person has potential, is it gut feeling? My eye and gut instinct is the only thing I really have. Having said that I confess I don’t always get it right, but you have to take some chances. Our industry loves an oddball. My ‘eye’ has developed over many years of consuming fashion imagery and working with models. I guess I know what I like. How much networking do you need to do to make headway? Less about networking, more about getting the image right, the digitals, the styling and hair. Then it’s a case of getting our models in front of the right casting directors and hoping for the best. It doesn’t always happen overnight but if a model is really special they will make waves with the right people. What’s the biggest myth about this industry in your opinion? That it’s superficial. Most people in our industry actually care very deeply about their jobs. Whether that be creating high level fashion imagery or in my case the care and nurture that goes into working with young people and their families. Is the reality as glamorous as it looks on the outside? Of course not, but it has its moments. Seeing a young model you’ve scouted on a billboard or a big catwalk show is pretty fabulous… but all the work that went into making that happen is far from glam. Do you need to have a cut-throat quality for this job? We have to be honest with ourselves about who we think is going to work or not, and if not it’s best not to string them along. Sometimes I make emotional attachments to certain youngsters and my colleagues have to give me a reality check. I’m human after all! What’s the best piece of career advice you’ve had? Play to your strengths and be nice to everyone. What do you love most about your job? I have the best job in the world. I get to travel, meet amazing young people and give them life changing opportunities. The highlight is always watching them living out their dreams. What do you like the least? Admin. Contracts. Mud/bad weather. I think that’s pretty universal? MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a model – it’s not glam and I don’t get free clothes’ MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m a leading female conductor in a male-dominated industry’ MORE : How I Made It: Rankin on how he went from studying accountancy to photographing the Queen