Have you ever seen people put little foil-lined mats up on their car’s windscreen when they park? Well, one woman is taking this principle and running with it – instead, applying heat-reflecting foil to the windows of her home. Jay Virdee was ‘roasting’ in her room and thought there must be something better than the one-way window film she already had, which blocks some UV rays. She tried tinfoil first, but found it was too flimsy and expensive – as she needed multiple rolls to cover her window – and it kept needing replacing since it ripped so easily. It also created a ‘total blackout,’ which she didn’t like. But after some searching, Jay found that an emergency foil blanket worked perfectly. Jay adds that they are big, reusable, can be bought in multipacks, and only cost £2. What’s more, they’re slightly transparent – but still reduce between 50-60% of the sun’s light from getting in. But the helpful hack does come with a couple of safety warnings – to ensure that no one is negatively impacted by the use of this emergency item. Jay, from Buckinghamshire, says: ‘One blanket goes a very long way – it is very big. ‘They are only necessary for the windows receiving the most sun, so there’s no need to sell out any stores or raid emergency supplies. ‘It’s best to apply in the morning or evening and do a 360 check outside the house to ensure it’s not reflecting any sun into vehicles or other houses. ‘It should also be applied securely to ensure that children or vulnerable people can’t pull it down and hurt themselves. ‘My dog loves anything crispy-sounding, so I’ve made sure it’s out of his reach.’ Jay suffers from lung disease and a rare autoimmune condition, which makes it even more important for her to stay healthy and safe during extreme weather. She explains: ‘Extreme heat can cause flare-ups of health conditions that can lead to you feeling very fatigued and unwell. ‘Besides feeling cooler, I feel happier as my lungs are nowhere near as affected as they would be in such a heatwave. ‘It also stops you from needing to keep the fan on all day – which is great while we’re in the midst of a cost of living crisis.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How employers should look after their staff during a heatwave MORE : More Tube disruption today after heatwave leads to severe delays MORE : These chub rub products will help you beat the heat