A cross-party review has confirmed that MPs should not be allowed to bring babies into the House of Commons chamber during debates. I mean, did we really need a review to tell us that? It came after Labour MP Stella Creasy was reprimanded in November 2021 for bringing her three-month-old son Pip into the House of Commons while leading a debate. She asked for urgent clarification, adding that she hoped to make ‘parenting and politics possible to mix.’ Now, before I start, as a working mum-of-two, I completely understand just how hard it is to mix any career with children. I’ve had my one-year-old son peeled off me by nursery workers and ran for my train in tears, still hearing his sobs ringing in my ears. His key worker had me on speed dial to reassure me the minute he’d settled down. I’ve had to leave work early because he’s had a temperature, and call my in-laws to drive an hour and a half to come and look after him when he was still poorly the next day – just so I could go into the office. Being torn between wanting to be there for my poorly baby, and not wanting to let my team down threatened to rip me in half – more than once. Believe me, I get it. I am up for anything that makes any working parent’s life easier. Working from home? Absolutely. More flexible hours? Definitely. However, the answer is not to bring children into a workplace. Of course it’s not. For a start, it’s just not fair on anyone in that situation. It’s not fair on the parent. It’s not fair on colleagues. And most importantly, it’s certainly not fair on the child. Stella described her little boy as ‘well-behaved’ and other MPs said that he was as ‘good as gold’. The pictures indeed show him snuggled up to his mummy, sleeping peacefully, looking gorgeous. However, a three-month-old can’t be ‘well-behaved’. The same way they can’t be ‘badly behaved’. They’re just a baby and the fact that he was quiet while he was in work with her was nothing more than sheer good luck. He could just as easily have screamed the entire time – and that wouldn’t have been his fault, or indeed Stella’s fault. It would have just been him being a baby. Kim Kardashian recently did an interview with Jimmy Fallon and her two children, Saint, aged six, and Psalm, three, interrupted filming while sitting in the audience with a family friend. Kim had to tell them to stop, that they were ‘at work’ with her and needed to behave. They later had to be removed from the studio. The whole family faced a backlash of criticism, with people saying the children had no manners and were brats, and others saying Kim should have more control of them. To me, it doesn’t prove anything other than children and the workplace don’t mix. Children, particularly babies, are unpredictable and can’t be relied on to act appropriately at all times. Of course they can’t, they’re just children. Say the review had decided that babies were to be allowed in the House of Commons. Would that have opened the door for other parents outside of Parliament to argue they should be allowed to bring their babies into their workplace, too? And if babies were allowed – at what age are they not? Imagine the havoc it would cause. This ruling allows parents to fully focus on their job while they’re at work, and fully focus on their children when they’re with them. There’s no other way around it. The situation is broken, it goes without saying. Any working parent will tell you that. With house prices and the rental rates being as they are, it generally takes two wages to maintain a household and therefore, the vast majority of parents are facing regular issues regarding childcare – even those who have formal arrangements in place. Everyone does their best to work around it – doing alternate shifts, employing family members to help and making up for any lost hours when the kids are asleep. The strain is relentless. And MPs have different issues. They don’t have traditional maternity and paternity cover (Creasy threatened legal action after being told she couldn’t hire a locum to cover her maternity leave after the birth of her second child) and so taking time off to have a baby means their constituency is unrepresented if they don’t attend debates. Obviously, that needs to be addressed. But taking your baby to work won’t ease that pressure. It will just double it. I cannot imagine being able to concentrate in any meeting, let alone a parliamentary debate, with my baby strapped to me – all the while wondering when they’d wake up, what mood they’d be in, or whether they’d do a huge poo. Anyone who was trying to work from home during the various lockdowns with children knows that you just can’t juggle both simultaneously. Emergencies happen, and childcare provisions fall through at the last minute, meaning children may well have to join the workplace – but that should be the exception, not the rule. When I had Theo, I dropped down to a four-day week at work, so I could spend an extra day with him and so far, I haven’t gone back. Now, I adore having an extra day with my two children, aged four and two (just slightly more than I adore having a full wage). Every Friday, without fail, I take them both out of the house so my husband Tom – who works from home – can concentrate fully on work. On really cold or rainy days when they stay at home and play with their toys instead, it has always ended up failing miserably. Theo inevitably wants to show his daddy a dinosaur he’s just discovered under his bed. Immy wants to draw him a picture, then give it to him, all while on work time. It’s only natural. Of course they want to see their dad who they know is just in the next room. And that’s fine, once. But when it’s the sixth, seventh or eighth time, it becomes a distraction. Or when Tom is in a meeting, it’s just not appropriate. It’s unprofessional and unproductive. Our children will spend enough time at work when they’re adults, so please, leave them at home while they’re babies. Or at least, at nursery – it’s for the good and productiveness of us all. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : MPs ‘should be banned from bringing babies into the Commons chamber’ MORE : Labour MP Stella Creasy ‘threatened with gang rape at Cambridge University’ MORE : Frustrated Kim Kardashian snaps at her kids for causing havoc during Jimmy Fallon interview: ‘Can you stop!’