At the heart of any kitchen is a wide range of essential cookware items that we cherish as if they were children. During lockdowns when we spent more time indoors, talking about the newest pan addition to our homes became as important as discussing a new dress. Pictures of utensils sent via WhatsApp were drooled over and long wish lists created, with the brand and look of homeware items considered just as important as usefulness. One such label that has caused intense lust for wannabe chefs and interiors fans alike is Our Place, which counts Selena Gomez and Cameron Diaz among its many fans. While it sells kitchen products, it says it is not a ‘kitchenware brand.’ Instead, Our Place is ‘rooted in bringing people together’ through the means of a good ‘home-cooked meal.’ The brand now has cult status, particularly for its ‘Always Pan,’ a thoughtfully designed and very chic product that combines eight functions in one, available in 12 colours. However, buying into this brand doesn’t come cheap. The Always Pan costs a saucy £125 – but you’re in luck, as you can now get it on sale for a limited time. In addition to the multitasking favourite, a range of other Our Place items are also on offer at a discounted price. Here are our favourites to nab before the sale ends on Sunday. Buy for £100 (was £125) at Our Place. Get it for £210 (was £265) at Our Place. Buy a set of four for £36 (was £45) at Our Place. Buy for £72 (was £90) at Our Place. Buy a set of two for £10 (was £12) at Our Place. Buy a set of four for £35 (was £45) at Our Place. Buy a set of two for £36 (was £45) at Our Place. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best places to go shopping in Paris MORE : 100 wedding guest dresses to wow at your next nuptials MORE : The Fit List: Wellness buys you can’t live without this summer