Tracy Connelly, the mother of Baby P who died after months of abuse, has been freed from jail, the Ministry of Justice has confirmed. Now 40, she was jailed at the Old Bailey in 2009 for causing or allowing the death of her 17-month-old son Peter at their home in Tottenham, north London, on August 3 2007. On Thursday, the Ministry of Justice confirmed her release from prison. Dominic Raab condemned the decision, saying it was proof the parole system needs a ‘fundamental overhaul’. In March, the Parole Board decided Connelly was suitable for release – having rejected three previous bids in 2015, 2017 and 2019 – after hearing she is now considered to be at ‘low risk of committing a further offence’ and that probation officers and prison officials supported the plan. She was released on licence in 2013, but recalled to prison in 2015 for breaching her parole conditions. Deputy Prime Minister and Justice Secretary Mr Raab said: ‘Tracey Connelly’s cruelty was pure evil, which is why I strongly opposed her release. ‘The decision to let her out demonstrates why the Parole Board needs a fundamental overhaul, including a ministerial block, to protect the public and keep dangerous offenders off our streets.’ Earlier this year, Mr Raab had asked the board, which is independent of the Government, to re-examine the decision under the so-called reconsideration mechanism. His application was ‘refused’. A Parole Board spokesman had said in a statement: ‘Following the reconsideration application from the Secretary of State, a judge has ruled that the decision made by independent Parole Board members to release was not irrational, as stated in the reconsideration application, and the original decision is upheld.’ Connelly will be subject to restrictions on her movements, activities and who she contacts, and faces 20 extra licence conditions. They include living at a specified address – initially a bail hostel – as well as being supervised by probation, wearing an electronic tag, adhering to a curfew and having to disclose her relationships. Her use of the internet and a phone will be monitored, and she has been told she cannot go to certain places to ‘avoid contact with victims and to protect children’. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.