Manchester United legend Gary Neville has claimed that Mohamed Salah ‘played’ Liverpool with his new long-term contract. The Reds made a surprise announcement on Friday to reveal that the Egypt international had put pen to paper on a new deal to keep him at Anfield until 2025. Salah’s previous contract was set to expire at the end of next season, and negotiations over a new deal had been drawn out for over a year. The 30-year-old had been linked with clubs across Europe including the likes of Barcelona and Real Madrid, but has decided to commit his future to the Reds. Salah’s new weekly wage packet is worth in excess of £350,000 a week, making him the highest paid player in Liverpool’s history. In a post on Twitter, former Red Devils defender Neville suggested Salah had ‘played’ the club, although didn’t elaborate further on the reasons why he thinks that. ‘Salah has played them hasn’t he,’ said Neville, followed by a series of laughing and winking emojis. Neville’s comment was mocked by fellow Sky Sports pundit Jamie Carragher, who was responding to a post which read: ‘The fact that Manchester United are largely targeting Ten Hag’s favourite players from the Dutch league (F de Jong, Timber, Lisandro Martínez + Malacia whom he considered buying for Ajax) suggests that the club doesn’t have a scouting system of its own that it takes seriously.’ ‘Ten Hag has played them hasn’t he,’ Liverpool legend Carragher replied, using the same laughing and winking emojis Neville did. Salah has played a vital role in the recent success of Jurgen Klopp’s side and will be even more important now that Sadio Mane has left Liverpool to join Bayern Munich. ‘I feel great and [I am] excited to win trophies with the club. It’s a happy day for everyone,’ Salah said. ‘It takes a little bit of time, I think, to renew, but now everything is done so we just need to focus on what’s next. ‘I think you can see in the last five or six years the team was always going [upwards]. Last season we were close to winning four, but unfortunately in the last week of the season we lost two trophies. ‘I think we are in a good position to fight for everything. We have new signings as well. We just need to keep working hard, have a good vision, be positive and go for everything again. ‘My message [to the fans] is the players in the team want to give our best next season to try to win all the trophies. ‘As usual, you stay behind us and give us a big push and I am sure we are going to win trophies again [together].’ MORE : Liverpool reject Nottingham Forest bid for Neco Williams as they hold out for £15m MORE : Liverpool told to consider two Jude Bellingham midfield alternatives by former Anfield defender For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 