The cost of living’s sky high but don’t give up on a super summer, whatever your budget. From savvy shopping and dodging exorbitant petrol prices, to discounts and loyalty schemes – plus clever cashback options – these expert cost-cutting tips will ensure you can enjoy the sun without burning a hole in your pocket. So go on, get out there and enjoy it! Budgeting doesn’t have to mean swapping the pub for a picnic every time. ‘Get free drinks and unlock rewards by using the Dusk app, which partners with the coolest bars and latest drinks brands,’ says Vix Leyton, consumer expert at hotukdeals.com. ‘Or try the new El Tab app. A location is revealed in London every night and members can get up to four drinks free when they sign up for £12.99 a month. ‘All Bar One, Café Rouge, Zizzi and Pizza Express are just some of the places offering freebies when it’s your birthday. If you want somewhere more luxe, search for soft launches of new restaurants that will give as much as 50 per cent off the normal menu price while they’re training staff and testing dishes. ‘Or, if you’re prepared to eat earlier, restaurants near theatres tend to run good value express three-course menus.’ A simple way to stretch your money this summer is signing up to loyalty schemes and then using them effectively. ‘Loyalty schemes can be found in every industry, providing rewards for repeated custom, which can be financial or experiential. But there’s £6billion in unspent loyalty points in the UK,’ says Pete Howroyd, CEO of Swapi, an app that allows people to compile their loyalty cards in one place. Its research found a quarter of 25- to 34-year-olds have three loyalty cards but more than 65 per cent don’t use them all. Of those who do, about one in three aim to save £5 to £10 a month through loyalty alone, and nearly one in ten up to £30 a month. ‘Be vigilant,’ says Howroyd. ‘More than a third of consumers have missed out on earnings due to loyalty points expiring so know the expiration date.’ Sign up to Buckt (buckt.uk) and you’ll get five mystery activities to do each month in your region, from £15 a person. Or use a tastecard (tastecard.co.uk) to enjoy more than two-for-one dining with 40 per cent off cinema trips and up to 50 per cent off at attractions. ‘Keep an eye out for free and cheap events popping up in your local area on social media or by signing up for event mailing lists,’ says Brean Horne, personal finance expert at comparison website NerdWallet (nerdwallet.com/uk). ‘You can also sign up to a seat filler website (such as Central Tickets, centraltickets.co.uk) for theatre, concert, and comedy performances for less than £10 a ticket.’ Booking in advance and online typically means a discount. Rather than buy a product directly this summer, use a cashback site and get paid for your purchase. ‘You need to sign up to most cashback sites but it’s usually free to do so,’ says Will Lenehan, financial adviser at OpenMoney (open-money.co.uk). ‘Then search for the online retailer you want to buy from and, if it’s listed, purchase through the link. You can withdraw the cash you make to your account.’ He notes three of the biggest cashback sites are topcashback.co.uk, quidco.com and joinhoney.com. ‘You can make £100s a year, but make sure you stick to the things you were planning to buy, be mindful of your budget before making extra purchases as sites will try to tempt you with great cashback deals,’ he adds. ‘If given the opportunity, work out whether a discount code or cashback will save you the most money as they won’t work together.’ If you’re planning on a staycation this summer, avoid the petrol prices and travel by train. ‘It sounds obvious but book as early as possible,’ says Iain Griffin, founder of Seatfrog (seatfrog.com), a travel app where you can upgrade standard tickets to first class by joining their daily auctions and bid on empty seats. ‘The prime time to get the best and cheapest tickets is 21 days before you travel, and don’t assume railcards are just for students or OAPs. Most people have no idea there are nine types, some saving you up to a third of the cost.’ You can also change an inflexible advanced ticket for a small fee instead of buying a brand new one. Step away from the summer sales or take a moment to think whether you really need an item or are just excited by a ‘bargain’. Keep your blinkers on while walking through the airport’s duty free. ‘We recently found 74 per cent of these items were cheaper online, so giving duty free a miss could mean extra spending money for your trip,’ says Liisa Matinvesi-Bassett of PriceSpy (pricespy.co.uk). If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Costa Coffee is giving away free iced drinks just in time for the heatwave MORE : Mum shares tips to save money and occupy kids during summer holidays