It’s sweaty season, folks. While we all love summertime, it brings some issues along with it; from chafing thighs to wet patches under your arms. But this woman claims to have found the solution to excessive sweating – and it only costs £6. Chantal Derrick posted her tip to TikTok recently, in a video captioned: ‘I’m exposing myself but if you sweat please watch this, it’ll change your life.’ In the video, which has now been viewed over 1.1 million times, Chantal says that before her discovery she was too nervous to wear light-coloured clothes due to sweat patches. ‘When I used to go to school, I used to be an excessive sweater, my school shirts used to be soaking,’ she said. ‘It used to really get on my nerves… I couldn’t wear white, I couldn’t wear grey or anything like that – and then I found this!’ That holy grail product is Driclor Antiperspirant Roll-On, which she picked up for £6.15 at Amazon (although it’s currently reduced to £5.77). Chantal explained that you apply the product before bed before washing off in the morning. Results should be noticeable early on, but will be in full effect after around two weeks of continued use. That was certainly the case for the TikToker, who said: ‘I swear to f*****g God, I do not remember the last time I sweated – literally ask my boyfriend, I don’t sweat. ‘If you’re really struggling and you were sweaty like I was, then get this – honestly, this has lasted me about a year.’ She now uses the antiperspirant once a month to top up its effects, adding: ‘I tell you now, you’ll never sweat again – ever!’ Followers agreed that it’s a gamechanger, with one person saying: ‘I hope you get everything in life you want and more because you’ve saved my life babe, thank you.’ When it could be the difference between feeling self-conscious or comfortable in your own skin all summer, it’s a no-brainer. Get Driclor for £5.77 (reduced from £6.15) on Amazon now. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : My 6 hour first date was perfect – we talked about everything, except dwarfism MORE : Pregnant woman’s baby bump is so big people think it’s fake