Gogglebox star Stephen Webb has spoken out after ‘pulling a woman into a pool’ at a beach club, apologising for his actions. Prior to his apology, it was claimed that Stephen, 50 – who’s been on the Channel 4 programme since series one in 2013 – became angry after being pushed into the pool fully clothed at the members-only Brighton Beach House. The reality star reportedly pulled the woman in question into the water after being subjected to laughter from fellow guests. A source said that the woman, also 50, was chatting to Stephen’s husband Daniel Lustig-Webb, 47, ‘with her legs in the pool when Stephen was pushed in’. ‘She started laughing like everyone else, which seemed to anger Stephen. For some reason he appeared to be furious with her and started shouting at her, then came over and pulled her into the pool,’ they told The Sun. Stephen later addressed the situation, saying: ‘I am very sorry if she felt upset or hurt by my actions. That was never my intention. ‘I’d been swimming and having dried and got fully dressed, a friend pushed me back into the pool.’ Stephen, who runs a hairdressers salon in Brighton with Daniel, said that he took being pushed into the pool ‘in very good spirits’, with other people in the vicinity also ‘laughing and joking’. ‘I took it in very good spirits and everyone was laughing and joking so seeing his friend sat on the edge of the pool, pulled her round her waist into the water with me,’ he recalled. ‘We’d enjoyed a really good time together and I felt it was all part of the fun.’ According to the publication, Stephen ‘shouted and screamed’ at the 5ft 4in woman as she thrashed in the water after being pulled in unexpectedly. Stephen originally joined Gogglebox with his ex-partner Chris Ashby-Steed. However, after their split, Stephen’s now-husband Daniel joined the show in 2018. A day ago, Daniel shared a selfie on Instagram in the car with the ‘air con all the way’ during the heatwave as he waited for Stephen to fetch him a frappuccino, revealing his new blonde hairdo. Gogglebox is available to watch on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox stars reveal they’re returning as they tease new series date MORE : Gogglebox star Georgia Bell introducing her new baby boy to co-star Abbie Lynn is the heartwarming content we need right now 