The weather’s hot, and you should be too. Treat yourself this summer to the freshest in fashion and beauty. Upgrade your luggage or your wardrobe – you deserve it. From the chicest pyjama set you could possibly wish for to luggage fit for a princess, we’ve got the goods in this week’s Hot List. Orly’s Glowstick is not only the shade of summer, but it’s also a favourite of Kim Kardashian, who wore it on her recent Turks and Caicos holiday. Loud, fun, vibrant and vegan, it’s packed with pigment for two-coat coverage. Buy for £9.95 from FeelUnique Loaded with retinol, niacinamide, and arigreline, these eye masks help to tackle dark circles, fine lines, and dryness. Buy for £80 from Cult Beauty White Stuff has really upped its fashion game of late, and the brand’s Ferne linen dress is a prime example. Dark navy with chic contrast stitching, it has a flattering drawstring waist, midi length and a perfect sleeve. This will be your wardrobe staple home and away from spring through to autumn. Buy for £75 from White Stuff Away’s stylish, hard-wearing cases are the choice of savvy travellers and stars (Meghan Markle is often seen with them) and now the brand has launched a new range of outdoor bags and accessories. Called FAR (For All Routes), these are technical, packable and chic, and they’re made from recycled polyester and water- resistant bags. Buy from £20 at Away We all want a touch of bronze in summer – but the hard truth is that the only safe tan is a fake tan. These glow pads are far easier than faffing about with mitts and mousse. Each one is a perfectly-dosed towelette for mess-free application, delivering anti-ageing acids and buildable colour for your face that develops within three to four hours. Buy a pack of 20 for £30 from Cult Beauty If you’re looking for some statement PJs without the price tag, check out Their Nibs. Featuring hand-drawn prints designed in-house, the collection includes short sets, traditional PJs, nighties, short dressing gowns and much more, starting at a very purse-friendly £32. Buy from £32 from Their Nibs Ruggable has teamed up with artist, illustrator and model Monica Ahanonu to create eight machine-washable rugs for both in and outdoors. We love the outdoor Mango Sunny Pink rug, which is guaranteed to cheer even the most shady of spaces. Buy the collection from £89 at Ruggable Net-A-Porter’s beauty buyers have curated their pick of the season’s best body products in their Ultimate Body Kit to give your skincare routine a luxury upgrade. Housed in a chic case, it’s the perfect kit to give your bod an overhaul on holiday Buy for £85 at Net-A-Porter This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The Fit List: The hottest products for keeping fit this summer MORE : The 9 best headphones and earphones for 2022, whatever your budget MORE : Trying mindful drinking? This gin tastes great but is a quarter of the normal strength