George Clooney and Julia Roberts will appear on screen together once again – this time as a bickering divorced couple in new romcom Ticket to Paradise. Ticket to Paradise will see them on screen together for the first time in six years, having been brought together on this occasion by Ol Parker. The Oscar-winning actors famously appeared together in Steven Soderbergh’s Ocean’s Eleven and Ocean’s Twelve until Roberts, 54, departed the franchise before the third entry, Ocean’s Thirteen. The pair also appeared alongside each other in the 2002 Chuck Barris biopic Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, which Clooney, 61, also directed. In 2012, Roberts starred in August: Osage County, a film produced by Clooney, alongside Meryl Streep and Ewan McGregor. They were reunited on screen after twelve years apart by director and actress Julia Roberts for her 2016 thriller Money Monster. Parker, 53, most recently directed Sky Original movie A Boy Called Christmas and 2018’s Mamma Mia sequel, Here We Go Again. Set to hit cinemas on October 21, the film follows Roberts and Clooney as they travel to Bali to stop their daughter Lily (Kaitlyn Dever) from marrying a man she’s only just met. The trailer shows the pair in action as Roberts bumps into Clooney while attempting to find their seats on a plane. ‘You have got to be kidding me’, Clooney says, before Roberts asks to be seated somewhere else and reveals that they’re a divorced couple. The banter continues as Roberts explains to the flight attendant that they were married, only for Clooney to joke that they were the ‘worst 19 years of [his] life’. ‘We were only married for five!’, Roberts says in response, before Clooney quips that he’s counting the extra 14 years as ‘recovery’. The rest of the trailer then follows their adventures in Bali as they attempt to trick Lily into breaking up with boyfriend Gede (Maxime Bouttier). The first time the pair appeared on screen together was over 20 years ago in the remake of the 1960 Ratpack heist movie, with Clooney starring in the lead role as ex-con Danny Ocean. Roberts starred as Tess Ocean, Danny’s ex-wife and girlfriend of casino owner Terry Benedict (Andy Garcia), who ends up as the target of the film’s central heist. The movie ended with Danny, Tess, and Rusty (Brad Pitt) being closely followed by Benedict’s guards after stealing $160million (£132m) from the casino. A year later, Roberts and Clooney starred opposite each other again, this time as Patricia Watson and Jim Byrd in the biographical spy film Confessions of a Dangerous Mind. The film is based upon the ‘unofficial autobiography’ of American TV host Chuck Barris, in which he claimed to be a CIA assassin as well as presenter of The Gong Show. Clooney recruits Barris (played by Sam Rockwell in the movie) to the CIA, while Roberts plays a CIA operative and double agent. Two years after Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Clooney and Roberts reprised their roles of Danny and Tess Ocean in Ocean’s Twelve, the sequel to Ocean’s Eleven. With the original heist team ordered to pay back the money they stole from Terry Benedict’s casino in the first film, they decide to stage a heist in Amsterdam to get the money together. The film received a mixed reception from critics, however, and Roberts decided not to return to the franchise for its third instalment. Nor did she show up in the all-female remake, Ocean’s Eight. Twelve years after Ocean’s Twelve, the pair finally reunited on screen for Money Monster, a film created by Jodie Foster. The pair play characters Lee Gates and Patty Fen, who are the host and director of the fictional TV show that inspires the film’s name. They are soon taken hostage by an angry investment banker (Jack O’Connell) who loses his entire life savings after a market crash and demands $60,000 (£49K) repayment. Roberts recently revealed to the New York Times that she had been waiting for the right movie to bring her back to romcoms. ‘If I had read something that I thought was that Notting Hill level of writing or My Best Friend’s Wedding level of madcap fun, I would do it,’ she said. ‘They didn’t exist until this movie that I just did that Ol Parker wrote and directed’. Catch Ticket to Paradise in cinemas from October 21, 2022. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Life goal achieved! EastEnders star is filming with George Clooney MORE : Julia Roberts says her new romcom with George Clooney is ‘probably going to be terrible’