Declan Donnelly has become a father for the second time as he welcomes a baby boy with wife Ali Astall. The presenter, best-known for co-hosting the likes of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! with Ant McPartlin, made the happy announcement on Sunday. Dec and Ali were married in 2015 by the presenter’s brother, Father Dermott Donnelly, who tragically died suddenly earlier this month. They already share daughter Isla Elizabeth Ann, who is three years old. Now the mum, dad and daughter have become a family of four with the arrival of baby Jack. Taking to Twitter, Declan shared a gorgeous snap of the newborn holding on to his finger. He wrote: ‘Shortly before 10am yesterday, 23.7.2022, Ali and I welcomed the arrival of our son, Jack Anthony Alphonsus, a very welcome ray of light. ‘He is wonderful and Isla is beyond excited to be a big sister!’ Fans have been congratulating the happy couple in their droves, with one fan sending the sweet message: ‘This is beautiful… congratulations I bet Isla is going to be a fabulous big sister.’ Another said: ‘Congratulation Dec and Ali… Can’t wait to see all the gorgeous photos, and absolutely love the name.’ Many noticed the apparent nod to Dec’s co-star Ant in baby Jack’s middle name, with one fan admitting it made her ‘well up.’ ‘Heaven knows how the (now) Big Ant feels,’ she added. The family kept Ali’s pregnancy news quiet, with the announcement the first fans had heard of the new arrival. It has been a difficult time for the Donnellys following the sudden death of Fr Dermott at the beginning of July. The Catholic priest died aged 55 after suffering a serious illness. Donnelly, along with Fr Dermott’s other family members, were with him when he dies ‘peacefully’ in hospital after he collapsed at home. Ant later paid tribute to Fr Dermott, writing that Dec’s brother was ‘the kindest, wisest man I knew.’ Dec himself was ‘devastated’ to lose his brother, as he wrote: ‘I am heartbroken to tell you that my darling brother Fr Dermott, @TweeterPriest, sadly passed away this afternoon. ‘We are all beyond devastated. Thank you for your messages of sympathy and support, they are appreciated.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant McPartlin pays tribute to Dec Donnelly’s late brother Fr Dermott: ‘The kindest, wisest man’ MORE : Declan Donnelly ‘beyond devastated’ following death of brother Father Dermott aged 55 from serious illness 