Police are looking for a ‘lunatic’ driver who deliberately mowed down two cyclists on a nude bike ride for charity. Colin Unsworth, 52, and Sadie Tann, 31, were attempting to cycle from Lands End to John O’Groats on a tandem bicycle when they were attacked on the outskirts of Perth, Scotland last week. The dramatic attack happened on July 4, while Sadie was filming a Facebook Live video as the pair made their way through the Scottish countryside. As they were cycling, they were noticed by a passing car heading towards them. After driving past them, the car turns around and then pulls up beside them, with a female passenger hurling abuse at Sadie and calling her a ‘f*****g prostitute’. The car then swerved twice at the cyclists in an apparent attempt to knock them off their bike – and succeeded on the second attempt. The pair were knocked to the ground, and later claimed the car came after them a second time shortly afterwards. But apart from some minor bruising, the pair were left unharmed following the violent incident. Police are now on the lookout for the perpetrators. Colin, from Adlington in Lancashire, told BBC Scotland the ordeal has left them both terrified and afraid to continue with their journey. ‘Most people laugh or give us a thumbs up, or they’ll ask us what we’re doing and we just say it’s for charity and they wish us luck,’ he said. ‘[But] in Perth, we got attacked by a lunatic driving their car into us. ‘We always knew there would be some people who would ring the police or whatever, but I wasn’t expecting that level of aggression from a member of the public. He also admitted since the incident the pair have ‘downgraded’ their initial plans, and have started to do naked photoshoots and cycling in small sections instead. Colin explained they’ve also cut back on their miles because they’ve been left too afraid after the attack. Speaking of the police response, Colin said: ‘They are taking it very seriously because the car was driven past us and then turned around and came back for us.’ Scottish Police confirmed officers are launching an investigation into the event. Colin and Sadie embarked on the 50-mile-a-day journey to raise money for mental health charity Mind and Rewilding Britain, which aims to tackle climate change. ‘As naturists who are into nature connections and value mental health, we thought what can we do to do some sort of stunt to raise awareness,’ Colin said. ‘The Rewilding Britain website says think big and act wild, well there’s no bigger bike ride and it’s a pretty wild day to do it.’ Despite their harrowing encounter with the abusive driver, he claimed they’ve received an ‘overwhelmingly positive’ amount of support since starting their journey, with people giving them lunch and places to stay for the night. The pair are planning to continue their journey travelling around the country, and aim to arrive in John O’Groats at the end of July. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.