I’ll always be able to say I was there…August 4, 2012. Super Saturday. Earlier that day, I had covered Dani King, Laura Trott and Jo Rowsell smashing their own world record in winning team pursuit gold in the velodrome, then that night it was Greg, Jess and Mo all grabbing glory inside London’s Olympic Stadium. My most vivid memory is watching Farah kick, but not shake off, his nearest rivals for 10,000-metre glory. I was sure he was beaten but then he found another gear, from the sporting gods, and took gold. A mixture of adrenaline and emotion saw tears fall from my eyes. Fast forward just shy of a decade and Mo has me crying again, not through sporting exploit but through child exploitation. The BBC documentary, The Real Mo Farah, is unmissable and the moment that broke me was the description of a young Mo standing outside his school, clutching nothing more than a few items of clothing, not a soul in the world to call his own and begging to be saved, to be protected, to be held. I won’t detail every moment of this programme – just watch it, but Mo Farah, as we now know, was born Hussein Abdi Kahin in Somaliland, trafficked to the UK at the age of nine, kept in servitude for years, his entire childhood ripped away from him, his young heart permanently damaged. By 12, he would be allowed to attend school under threat but thanks to some good souls, that kid standing outside with not a thing in the world to protect him, was taken elsewhere, and to relative safety. What happened next is the sporting story that we thought we all knew but, as it turned out, we didn’t. Like many, I have interviewed Mo Farah and he has told me the false account of his early life. Let me make it abundantly clear, I don’t think Mo lied to me. He simply protected himself. He did what he had to do to survive. To avoid crumbling to the floor in a pile of emotional dust, he kept running from his truth, until he just couldn’t run any more. The trauma has never left him, not even for a single day. It’s his pacemaker. His running mate. The constant shadow on his shoulder. At one point in the documentary, he meets trafficking expert Kate Garbers, and asks, ‘what’s the long-term effect on this? Do you ever get over it or will it always just… be there?’ In that moment we once again see the teenage boy standing outside his school with a handful of clothes and a desperate plea to be loved, and it is absolutely heart-breaking. Anyone who has been damaged as a child by the actions of adults will know that he will have to battle this his whole life, and I’m so glad he has such an amazing partner in wife Tania to support him. This week, Mo spoke about his relief that the Home Office would not be investigating him, and herein lies the heart of the issue. How many goals do you have to score, medals do you have to win or centuries do you have to notch up before you are deemed worthy of national sympathy? If you can’t somehow take your trauma, pain, kidnapping or depraved social background and turn it into a solid gold sporting moment, do we revert to checking documents? Mo Farah’s story will no doubt speak to those who have been through similar horror, but what happens when they come forward without a world record to call their own? This is not a story of false documents and illegal immigration. This is a story of child abuse, plain and simple, and surely we should treat every child who finds the courage to speak their truth as heroes, for this is a much greater challenge than a podium finish and, for Mo, this truly is his greatest achievement. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 