Love Island’s Casa Amor section kicks off tonight, here’s everything you need to know about how it works. Casa Amor has been part of Love Island since series three back in 2017, which acts as the ultimate obstacle for existing couples in the villa to overcome. It also gives those islanders who are currently single or not so smitten in their couples, the chance to find a potential new love. On Friday night, fans saw the girls whisked off to Casa Amor under the guise of a ‘girls night out’, where they will later be met by six new boys. Meanwhile, the existing boys will stay put in the villa, and six new girls will soon enter in their place, and there’s sure to be drama to come… Each year, since 2017, Love Island has drafted in several new contestants around the midpoint of the programme, in order to spice things up a bit. It puts existing relationships to the test, while also giving single islanders an opportunity to get to know some new people. This year, the girls have been sent to Casa Amor, which is a spin-off of the main villa used solely while the dramatic process happens. Six new bombshell boys will also enter Casa Amor, while six new girls will get to know the guys in the main villa. Over the days to follow, the original islanders can see if they’ve started to develop a connection with a new islander, or are feeling more loyal to their existing pairing. The producers often tease the original islanders by sending over postcards showing either the boys or girls, in compromising positions with new islanders. At the end of the experience, existing contestants decide whether they want to stay in their current couples, or crack on with someone new, and bring them into the main set. Those new islanders who are not picked will then be dumped from the island straight after. However, if someone recouples but their partner doesn’t, then their existing partner automatically becomes single, and is at risk of being sent home. So, there will be a pretty intense few days to come, but will any of the boys or girls have their heads turned? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Gemma Owen immediately rumbles Ronan Keating’s son Jack as they bond over famous family MORE : Yep, Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu used to be an actual pop star and we need her to do Eurovision 