Greg James was ‘absolutely terrified’ as he plunged from a 10 metre diving board in his latest challenge to win back his BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show. The DJ was booted live off air earlier this week by Scott Mills and Chris Stark, who have taken over Greg’s presenting duties. But the 36-year-old will be handed back the reins if he finds pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, which have been planted across the country from Land’s End to Glasgow. For his latest task, Greg, who is married to author Bella Mackie, had to jump from a very high diving board live on The One Show. Narrated by Olympic diver Tom Daley, who presented Thursday night’s episode along with Boyzone star Ronan Keating, Greg was seen looking more than a little nervous. As Greg, sporting bright multicoloured swimming trunks, climbed up the stairs to the diving board, Tom revealed the height of the plunge was the same as ‘two double decker buses and half a car.’ Viewers then saw a brave Greg leap off before plummeting into a pool – and he would’ve hit a speed of 35mph, according to Tom. There were cheers back in the BBC studio when Greg leapt, with guests including Normal People star Daisy Edgar Jones. Greg then confidently swam towards the jigsaw puzzle piece waiting for him at the end of the pool, taking him one step closer to reclaiming his beloved show. Looking a little chilly wrapped up in a towel, Greg reflected on the jump, shaking his head in disbelief. ‘In my head I thought I looked a lot more dainty than that,’ Greg quipped while looking back at footage of the dive. ‘It was a bit more cumbersome than I was hoping for – but I did do it.’ Later on Twitter, Greg shared: ‘This was absolutely terrifying and I hated every minute of it. I don’t even know how much I even want my show back at this point.’ While Greg endures a series of terrifying challenges, Scott and Chris have been enjoying hosting the Radio 1 show. It will be among the duo’s last moments on the station, before Scott goes to Radio 2, replacing Steve Wright, and Chris moves to Capital. Recently chatting about their departure, Scott admitted he was ‘a little bit in denial’ that he and his co-presenter are leaving the network. Chris added: ‘I feel very weird because I think when you sign up to Radio 1 you always know at some point you’re going to leave. ‘I don’t want to go too deep right now because there’ll be another time for that. But I am super proud of us.’ The One Show airs weeknights at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 