After renting a house in Colchester, Meg Owen and Ben Dransfield decided to leave the busy town behind and buy their first home around 25 minutes away – at Cala Homes’ Newlands Park in Mistley, near Manningtree in Essex. ‘Our rent was already exceeding £1,000 per month and we had no guarantee it wouldn’t increase,’ explains Meg, 24, a building surveyor. ‘We were really keen to use our money smarter and pay towards a home we actually owned, rather than losing it all in rent. ‘I only graduated from university two-and-a-half years ago, but Ben has been saving for a home since he was 17 when he started his apprenticeship, so we did have a small amount of savings, but didn’t think it’d be enough for a deposit.’ Ben, 22, a wind turbine technician, sails out and back each working day. ‘With such long days out at sea, it was really important for me to have somewhere cosy to come home to, and Meg was adamant that everything be up to her high standards,’ he says. ‘We also wanted easy access to London and somewhere with lots of places to walk our golden retriever puppy, Max.’ Initially they didn’t think they’d be able to buy for the foreseeable future, but then they saw the show homes at Newlands Park. ‘When we actually saw what the house would look like, we knew this was going to be our home,’ says Meg. ‘That was when we decided to go with Help to Buy, allowing us to put down a 5% deposit which freed up the rest of our savings to use on things like decorating. Even so, we really weren’t expecting to move into our first home until 2023 at the earliest.’ The couple took out a 20% Help to Buy loan and moved into their three-bedroom detached house last Christmas. ‘As prospective buyers go, I’m probably on the pickier side,’ explains Meg. ‘Energy efficiency was a big factor for me, as well as the style of heating, as I know how expensive it can be to heat a home that isn’t properly planned out and insulated, and the carbon footprint associated with that, too. ‘I was also very firm on my decision that we should buy a property built with proper stone masonry, and Newlands Park ticked every box. ‘It’s only a two-minute walk from the house to the nearest nature trail, although it’s been taking us longer recently because we keep getting stopped by other residents who just can’t resist saying hello to Max.’ Newlands Park is a short walk from both Mistley and Manningtree stations which have direct trains into London, and half-an-hour’s drive from the coast. Three semi-detached homes remain at Cala Homes’ Newlands Park within the £407,400 Help to Buy threshold, all with three bedrooms, two bathrooms and off-street parking, from £374,950 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : Get the look: Designer Julia Hoffmann mixes the modern and the old-school MORE : ‘I bought a £480,000 flat in London by myself thanks to Help To Buy’