Calling all milkshake chip-dippers. KFC South Korea has launched a new sauce that takes away the middleman, allowing you to have a hit of sweet with your savoury chicken and fries. The blue-coloured sauce is flavoured with mint and chocolate, but it’s designed for your meal rather than your dessert. Available as part of two commemorative combos released specially – the I am Minchodan Pack and the Mincho Easy Pack – as we as separately for 900 won (57p) per pot, the sauce is part of a collaboration between KFC and food delivery service Baedal Minjok. They’re the latest chains to take advantage of the mint chocolate craze sweeping South Korea, following on from major companies like Starbucks Korea and Haitai Confectionery and Foods that have added the flavour to their menus. KFC’s addition to the trend has been a hit on social media since its release last week – although the reviews are somewhat mixed. The greeny-blue colour of the sauce is undoubtedly jarring on first glance, with a gelatinous texture that doesn’t naturally seem compatible with fried chicken. Singaporean publication Mothership tested it out, describing it ‘very viscous and not very, well, sauce-y.’ The reviewer added: ‘The taste was so strong that we could no longer taste the chicken — it was like chowing on crispy toothpaste. Not an experience that we’d like to repeat.’ Others claimed that it pairs better with the fast food retailer’s biscuits, while some compared the combination of tastes to that of lamb and mint sauce. At present, the Mint Choc Dip is only available in South Korea until August 8, although popular menu items are sometimes released more widely if there’s demand. That said, KFC South Korea doesn’t sell mashed potatoes or gravy, so perhaps we should be demanding they get these staples before widening our own range in the UK. It’s certainly an unconventional condiment choice, but there’s something out there for every set of tastebuds. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From pre-mixed cocktails to lesser-known bottles – the best rum to buy this summer MORE : Liberty London is looking to hire a Beauty Tester and will treat them to free goodies