Whether you love or hate her, you cant deny Kim Kardashian’s style credentials. Her brand, Skims, has been a huge hit since it launched in the UK a few years back, with its bodycon dresses and elevated basics worn by celebs and mere mortals alike. For us mere mortals, however, price can be a limiting factor when it comes to getting in on the trend. A long Skims slip dress, for example, will set you back over £75. That’s why it was music to our ears to find out that there’s a more purse-friendly way to live our form-fitting fantasies; in the form of a £12 doppelgänger from Shein. A number of people reviewed their bargain find on TikTok, with beauty guru Patricia Bright posting a mini catwalk in the dupe dress. ‘Genuinely shooketh’ said Diocrowe, adding ‘Skims who?!’ as she tried the dress on. Commenters described the ‘fit as ‘breathtaking’ and ‘gorgeous’. Another creator, Chisom Aimee, admitted buying it in four different colours, with the baby blue option coming out top among her followers. The Bae Solid Scoop Neck dress is available in 18 different colourways and three sizes. Each colour is priced differently; some at £11.99 and some at £13.49. It’s advised to err on the smaller side, as the stretchy nylon fabric should cling to (and accentuate) your curves. One reviewer said: ‘Fantastic buy, the material is like butter – hugs the body super well and is so flattering! A great Skims dupe.’ ‘This dress is THE DRESS,’ said another, while one more person added: ‘I am OBSESSED! This is my all time favourite dress.’ For the Kardashian look, you may want to wear a shaping bodysuit or slip underneath. This doesn’t need to be some torturous girdle device, just something to smooth out any lumps, bumps, and visible pantylines. Pair with sunglasses and sandals for a throw-on summertime look, or dress up with heels and a clutch bag if you’re after pared back eveningwear. It’s worth noting that, while they may have the same body sculpting effects, The Skims Slip Dress is made using 91% Modal and 9% Spandex, while Shein’s offering is 87% Polyamide and 13% Elastane. With a price difference of over £60, it’s to be expected that this dupe may not be as high quality as the original. If your wardrobe and bank balance are looking bare, however, this could be a great way to level up your fashion foundations. Get the Bae Solid Scoop Neck Dress from Shein. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 10 minutes of listening to birdsong could be the ultimate stress relief – here’s why MORE : Brave six-year-old takes the fashion industry by storm after being born with one arm