All eyes were on Downing Street today when Boris Johnson finally took those fateful steps outside No 10 to announce his resignation as Prime Minister. However, in the moments before his speech, some viewers were temporarily distracted by the return of a mainstay at prime ministerial addresses – Mr ‘Hot Podium Guy’, who was on hand to help bring the lectern out for the historic moment. He and a colleague were filmed carrying the lectern outside the front door, carefully making sure it was positioned as centrally as possible for the reporters present. His appearance on TV may have been brief… but it certainly left a lasting impression, with one person tweeting: ‘Nothing marks big political events in Britain like the return of hot podium guy.’ ‘Yay! Hot Podium Guy is back!’ someone else celebrated, while another quipped: ‘Did anyone else notice #HotPodiumGuy just now on the news channel, outside of Downing Street? Good to see that at least one thing continues to function correctly in there.’ Back in 2019, Twitter was aflutter with people fawning over ‘Hot Podium Guy’ during Theresa May’s resignation speech as Prime Minister, with some even joking that they wanted him to take on the position next. Mr Johnson was ‘overshadowed’ by ‘Hot Podium Guy’ when he was appointed PM a couple of months later, and the sound engineer’s impact is clearly still going strong. In is resignation speech, which was watched by his wife Carrie Johnson while she held their baby daughter Romy, Mr Johnson said it was ‘clearly now the will’ of the parliamentary Conservative party for a new leader to be chosen. ‘And I’ve agreed with Sir Graham Brady, the chairman of our backbench MPs, that the process of choosing that new leader should begin now and the timetable will be announced next week. And I’ve today appointed a Cabinet to serve, as I will, until a new leader is in place,’ he said. The politician said that he wanted to remain in the position because he felt it was his ‘obligation’ to carry out what the Conservative Party promised when he became leader in 2019. ‘I want to say to the millions of people who voted for us in 2019, many of them voting Conservative for the first time, thank you for that incredible mandate, the biggest Conservative majority since 1987, the biggest share of the vote since 1979,’ he said. ‘And the reason I have fought so hard in the last few days to continue to deliver that mandate in person was not just because I wanted to do so, but because I felt it was my job, my duty, my obligation to you to continue to do what we promised in 2019. And of course, I’m immensely proud of the achievements of this Government.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Them’s the breaks’: Boris Johnson confirms Number 10 exit after brutal Tory rebellion MORE : Richard Osman jokes Boris Johnson’s resignation speech will be ‘sober and classy’ as celebrities celebrate PM’s impending exit 