Love island is getting even hotter as we approach Casa Amor and Metro.co.uk is back once again to give you the ultimate guide to how compatible the current couples are. It’s been a week packed full of drama, with a double dumping resulting in Antigoni Taylor and Charlie Radnedge sent packing. However, as we come to the end of week four (can you believe it?), some of the pairings look stronger than ever, while some have felt a bit more of the strain. The nation was transfixed on watching hero of the season Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu win back Italian stallion Davide Sanclimenti, while Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page were once again left, at least momentarily, doubting their future together after a public vote. Tonight, we will see the carnage of Casa Amor ensue, with six new boys entering the spin-off villa, and six new bombshell girls ready and waiting to come into the main villa. But ahead of the chaos, who’s looking the strongest so far? Louella Alderson, a relationship expert and co-founder of dating site So Syncd, has once again provided her thoughts on exactly who are the most and least compatible pairings of the moment, exclusively for Metro.co.uk. This week, Louella has placed Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack, who fans are absolutely smitten with, at the top of the list, while non-couple, couple Jay Younger and Danica Taylor trail at the bottom, after some very bad miscommunication between the pair saw them end up together (not for long though, we think). The nation’s favourite couple, Damiyah, finally got to thrive this week and are the most compatible couple. Watching them grow as a couple has given a lot of us fuzzy feelings. With this couple, it just feels so easy and so right. For starters, they both have a lot of energy and are very positive about the whole Love Island experience and their day-to-day life in the villa. Dami and Indiyah are both enthusiastic and enjoy being around people. This can make their relationship very lively and fun. They can easily bounce ideas off of each other and come up with new ways to approach things. Both Dami and Indiyah are solid pillars for the other girls and boys in the villa too. They are always up for a chat and they both offer great advice when people and in sticky situations. Dami and Indiyah are very straightforward people and are both very level-headed. This is great for their relationship as it means they can communicate on the same wavelength. Talking about their future together (like going to Ireland and meeting each other’s family) shows that they see the potential for something long-term. This couple has a great connection which is unique in the Love Island villa. Dami and Indiyah haven’t argued and they haven’t gotten involved in drama. They were both drawn to each other even though they had other partners and even then, they were respectful to their partners at the time and didn’t act on anything. We’re excited to watch this dynamic duo evolve. It would take a serious bombshell in Casa Amor to turn either of their heads and beat the connection and spark that Dami and Indiyah have together. Gemma and Luca are going from strength to strength. They had a steamy night in the hideaway and it feels like Gemma is letting her guard down and opening up more with Luca. Plus, she is being more playful and flirtier. This balance of being able to have fun but also being able to be open and serious is key to a successful relationship I think Luca has surprised all of us and he’s shown that there is actually a lot more to him beneath the surface. He is able to read people well and understand their feelings and motivations. Luca enjoys giving people advice and he is happy to share his honest opinion to help the other islanders. He’s also more observant than his first impressions gave off. The more we see of Luca, the more we see how compatible he and Gemma are, and the stronger we see the potential they have as a couple in the outside world. Gemma is also expressing more concrete interest in Luca. At the start of the week, when Dami was ‘reading Gemma’s mind’, she agreed that if someone perfect for her came in then her head could be turned. However, by the end of the week, she expressed that the possibility of anyone else but Luca was weird. Luca and Gemma are both independent and analytical, which can make for good conversations between them. They are also both very ambitious and are likely to encourage each other to pursue their dreams and goals. One potential challenge for this couple is that they may have difficulty communicating their feelings and needs to one another. It appears that processing and expressing emotions doesn’t come naturally to Luca and Gemma tends to be more reserved and introspective. This can make it difficult for Luca and Gemma to truly understand each other’s inner emotional worlds. If they can learn to communicate with one another openly and honestly, this shouldn’t be a major issue. This couple has the serious potential to withstand the test of Casa Amor and come out of it even stronger than before. Paige and Jacques finally got to couple back up together after Jay stole Paige in the recoupling last week. This was a good test for Paige and Jacques as it showed how compatible they really are and how they aren’t interested in other islanders. Jacques was incredibly mature about the situation and gave Paige the go-ahead to speak to Jay as he felt the tests the islanders get put through are all part of the Love Island experience and challenge. However, after a while, it did bother him, and he eventually opened up to Paige about this. Being honest and open in a relationship is essential to its success. If you’re not honest with your partner about your thoughts, feelings and emotions, then you’re not giving them the opportunity to understand or respond to you in a way that’s truly meaningful. Luckily for Paige and Jacques, they showed that they can do this. Jacques was almost scared about telling Paige he really likes her and didn’t want her to be with Jay. He didn’t know what would come out of this as he felt he hadn’t properly opened up in a relationship before. In this situation, Paige comforted him and told him nothing bad would happen. This shows strength in how they communicate together. Overcoming obstacles like this and facing them head-on early on in a relationship is promising for their future. Jacques has said a number of times that what he wanted from a relationship is a best friend and that he has found that in Paige. When your partner is your best friend, it really means that you can be yourself with them and you can have fun together, but you can also talk about serious things. Having a balance of fun and seriousness is important in a healthy relationship. You should be able to make each other laugh, but also be there for each other during tough times. Jacques and Paige have shown that they have this type of connection. This couple feels pretty solid at the moment so it will be interesting to see what happens in Casa Amor. Ekin-Su followed her heart and took a risk by picking Davide again in the recoupling. It was evident to us viewers that she realised she had made a mistake with Jay and wanted to couple up with Davide again. To be fair, Ekin-Su has been grafting seriously hard these past few days in the villa. Davide has really put her to the test and, so far, she is coming out on top. Ekin-Su was buzzing for their date, and while Davide has been playing the whole recoupling quite cool, he still had a cheeky smile when she picked him, and again on their date. This couple shows a lot of promise. Davide hadn’t really come out of his shell very much and it feels like Ekin-Su is the person he can be most himself with. Laughing with your partner is so important. It’s one of the things that keep relationships fun and fresh. It also has some great benefits for your relationship. When you laugh, it releases endorphins which have mood-boosting and stress-relieving effects. Laughter also builds closeness and intimacy in relationships. It makes you feel more connected to your partner and strengthens your bond. Ekin-Su and Davide have laughed together since Ekin-Su entered the villa and the other islanders have picked up on this too. They’ve had a very fun and flirty connection with lots of giggling (minus their fiery argument). Luca mentioned how they don’t stop laughing and are like little kids together. From what we can see, none of the other islanders laugh with their partner as much as these two do which is very promising for their future. Now that the other islanders believe Ekin-Su genuinely likes Davide, Davide is giving Ekin-Su more of a chance. Not only that, but the public backs them as a couple too. Davide and Ekin-Su are both showing with their actions that they are willing to move on now and put the past behind them. In relationships, the little things like bringing your partner a coffee or making them breakfast are important as it lets them know that you appreciate them. With Casa Amor around the corner and Davide and Ekin-Su being relatively early on in their recoupling, it’s a perfect opportunity for Ekin-Su to prove her head won’t be turned and her connection with Davide is real… although that seems to be easier said than done as we’ve seen countless times before! It was a good start to the week for Tasha and Andrew, and a bad end. Tasha decided she wasn’t interested in getting to know Charlie and was solely focused on Andrew. Then, Tasha and Andrew were voted in the bottom three and are one of the least compatible couples in the public’s opinion. There are two parts to this. Firstly, Tasha and Andrew aren’t offering much in terms of entertainment. When they are steady, we don’t see much of them talking and, compared to the other couples in the villa, they don’t seem as affectionate or flirty. The public voting on compatibility is also a popularity vote and being entertaining is key for all of us at home. Secondly, which is something we’ve said from the beginning, there just doesn’t seem to be much sexual chemistry between the couple. The fact that they aren’t offering much entertainment itself indicates that there isn’t a lot for us to see between them. Tasha, along with some of the other islanders, feels confused about why the public doesn’t like them that much. And this in itself creates doubt for Tasha about her relationship with Andrew. Paige defended their relationship and told Tasha that she can see they are compatible as she is with them 24/7. Paige feels Tasha has been opening up more to Andrew recently and their relationship is growing. However, we aren’t really seeing this and their relationship doesn’t feel like it is developing as quickly or in the same way as the other islanders. If there was one person in the Love Island villa to have their head turned in Casa Amor, our opinion is that it is most likely to be Tasha. It’s clear that this coupling isn’t going anywhere. The two personalities aren’t compatible and Jay shut down any chance of a romantic connection between the two of them very early on. The male islanders chose Danica to stay over Antigoni because she has put herself out there, she’s taken risks and she’s tried to get to know different people. She has proved she is there for love and after all, it is Love Island, not Friend Island. Casa Amor is exactly what Jay and Danica needed. Neither of them has found someone they have a deep connection with, so their options are completely open over the next week. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island finally reveals bombshell girls set to enter the villa – and Damiyah could be in trouble MORE : Love Island’s Laura Whitmore teases ’poor decisions’ to come from islanders as Casa Amor madness begins 