Rihanna sent fans into a spin as she made a surprise appearance in the crowd at Wireless Festival today, to support boyfriend A$AP Rocky. The Diamonds singer has kept a low profile recently after giving birth to her first child with the rapper last month. She has yet to share her son’s name or picture on social media, and has rarely been seen in public ever since. However, the 34-year-old made sure she was in the audience while her beau delighted festival goers in Crystal Palace, on the first day of the bash. In pictures making the rounds on social media, she could be seen looking effortlessly stylish as always, donning an oversized bomber jacket and black trousers. She accessorized with chunky jewelry as she casually walked past screaming fans who were delighted to catch a glimpse. Of course, the low-key pop up didn’t quite go unnoticed and Rihanna was soon trending on social media. ‘RIHANNA IS AT WIRELESS AND IM NOT THERE ARE YOU CRAZYYY,’ one fumed. ‘Rihanna is not even gonna perform at Wireless but she has already stolen the whole show! HER POWER >>>,’ another joked. ‘Love the fact Rihanna came along to support ASAP Rocky at #WirelessFestival! I just knew I would see her in the crowd,’ journalist Nola Ojomu posted. A Twitter user celebrated: ‘Soooo Rihanna was at Wireless ??!!!! The best day ever.’ As a follower predicted: ‘Only Rihanna could trend on Twitter over every act that’s performed at Wireless today just because she turned up to support her man. ‘When she returns to music it’s over for everyone.’ Fingers crossed that we won’t be waiting long for that to come true… Chris Brown and Lil Uzi Vert were among the names also hitting the stage on Friday, with J Cole, Playboi Carti, Tyler, The Creator, Little Simz and Ari Lennox set to perform across the weekend. Rihanna and A$AP – real name Rakim Mayers – started a family together in May but have remained fiercely private over the newborn. The new dad recently offered an insight into the things that he was hoping to pass onto his children, explaining that he hoped to raise an ‘open-minded’ family. ‘I will always remind my children to never lose their imagination, even as adults, no matter what,’ he told Dazed and Confused. I actually love to watch cartoons – I’ve watched like, Teletubbies, Blue’s Clues, Yo Gabba Gabba, Peppa Pig and Baby Shark. ‘I hope to raise open-minded children. Not people who discriminate. And I’m not trying to describe a saint, but realistically, I just want a cool child with cool parents. ‘Things like diversity and versatility are important, and they’ll be embedded in the household.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele stuns at long-awaited Hyde Park concert watched by Tom Cruise, James Corden and her son Angelo MORE : Love Island: Casa Amor set to cause chaos as girls leave villa after savage dumping 