Viewers of Good Morning Britain praised Susanna Reid for holding Dominic Raab to account after reports Boris Johnson was briefed about allegations about Chris Pincher. Deputy Prime Minister Mr Raab appeared on Tuesday’s show where Susanna and Ed Balls quizzed him on whether Mr Johnson knew about the allegations of inappropriate behaviour. Mr Raab appeared uncomfortable during the questioning and pushed back when Susanna said Mr Pincher had been ‘found guilty’ after an investigation into the claims. He told Susanna that ‘no formal disciplinary action was taken’ against Mr Pincher, despite the investigation having upheld the complaint. After a back and forth over whether it was acceptable to say he was ‘found guilty’, Susanna asked him: ‘Was he guilty of inappropriate behaviour or not?’ Mr Raab responded: ‘He was found… the claim was found to be substantiated but we didn’t-‘, as Susanna interjected: ‘So he was found guilty of inappropriate behaviour?’ ‘No, no Susanna, guilty is a very loaded term, and whilst it’s clear that there is inappropriate-‘, he began, before she cut back in: ‘Sorry, inappropriate behaviour is a pretty loaded term, Mr Raab!’ Mr Raab appeared to get annoyed as he hit back: ‘Sorry, if you’ll allow me to… Susanna you always do this. Let me give you the account and your viewers can make up their minds. I’m always happy to answer difficult questions.’ He then doubled down that while the claims had been substantiated, there had been no formal disciplinary action against Mr Pincher as a result. Elsewhere in the interview, Mr Raab also told Ed to ‘tread carefully’ with his questioning and complained that the questions were often far longer than the time allowed for him to answer them before being interrupted. Viewers took to Twitter to praise Susanna for grilling Mr Raab, tweeting: ‘The car crash interview of the year as Justice Secretary Dominic Raab shamelessly defends the indefensible. Superb from @susannareid100 @GMB’. Others added: ‘Go, Susanna! Go, Ed! #GMB Raab being thoroughly hauled over the coals — and he’s getting riled because he’s been caught out’ and ‘Dominic Raab’s refusal to accept responsibility is staggering #GMB Susanna Reid & Ed Balls fantastic.’ Another wrote: ‘#raab says questions from @GMB @susannareid100 longer than time he gets to answer vs other news broadcasters. Don’t want to take account & have to give legitimate answers? Prefers elsewhere where they don’t care to hold you to account & accept nonsense.’ Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘How dare you?’: Susanna Reid and Ed Balls in heated clash with climate activist after comparing protests to terrorism MORE : Susanna Reid leads Good Morning Britain’s tribute to ‘remarkable woman’ Dame Deborah James following her death from cancer 