Jaw-dropping new images from space have been unveiled by Nasa. The batch of pictures come from the $10 billion James Webb Space Telescope. The device has captured a whole manner of amazing sights from across space, including a foamy blue and orange shot of a dying star. Images reveal a ‘jumble of distant galaxies that went deeper into the cosmos than humanity has ever seen.’ A batch were unveiled yesterday, with more showcased this afternoon. They feature ‘dancing galaxies’, the trace of vapour on a distance planet and stunning sights of cosmic cliffs. ‘Every image is a new discovery and each will give humanity a view of the humanity that we’ve never seen before,’ NASA Administrator Bill Nelson said Tuesday. He said some images show ‘the formation of stars, devouring black holes.’ Webb’s use of the infrared light spectrum allows the telescope to see through the cosmic dust and ‘see light from faraway light from the corners of the universe,’ he added. ‘We’ve really changed the understanding of our universe,’ said European Space Agency director general Josef Aschbacher. The European and Canadian space agencies joined NASA in building the powerful telescope. The device, also known as Webb’s First Deep Field, lifted off on an Ariane 5 rocket from Europe’s Spaceport in French Guiana on Christmas Day last year and became operational this week. The BBC has reported how Klaus Pontopiddan, Webb project scientist, described the moment the team started receiving information from the telescope. Klaus said: ‘People were speechless, and there were emotions, because we immediately could see how amazing this observatory would be – the detail, the sharpness, the depth – and when we saw the first colour images we knew we had a winner.’ The images released today include: Queen guitarist Brian May and 10cc founder Graham Gouldman have even released a new track to celebrate the first images released from the telescope. The release of May and Gouldman’s song ‘Floating In Heaven’ coincided with the highly-anticipated release of the first pictures. May, who has a doctorate in astrophysics, said: ‘There is nothing more exciting in a world of exploration than going to a place about which you know nothing. ‘The sky’s the limit for what we could find out.’ The music video features May strumming his guitar in ‘space’ while Gouldman is seen floating and singing the mellow tune. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.