There was a touching moment at the World Athletics Championships as Jake Wightman’s dad commentated on his own son winning 1500m gold. The video clip of dad Geoff – which you can watch below – was emotional and went viral after his son Wightman became the first Brit to win gold in the event since Steve Cram in 1983. ‘Running is coming home,’ he said. ‘Wow. That is my son and he is the world champion.’ It was a very proud moment for the commentator, who punched the air with both fists as Wightman crossed the finish line. He then clutched his knees as he took in what his son had achieved, while continuing to talk into his microphone as he commented on the post-race scenes. The end of the clip saw Geoff put his face in his lap as he attempted to keep it together and fight back the tears. It was a remarkable win 28-year-old Wightman, who held off Norway’s Olympic champion Jakob Ingebrigtsen to top the podium. ‘Dad can be a bit of a robot on the mic sometimes, some people say robot some say professional,’ Jake said after the race. ‘I hope he broke that down today. It will be interesting to watch it back. My mum was in tears, at least someone was crying.’ He added: ‘I’m 28 now, I don’t know how many more opportunities I will get to do this and I hope there is a lot more to come. ‘I need to make the most of it. It’s important to hit the milestone like this, seven, eight-year-old me would never have believed. ‘There are so many people who have helped me get to this point. My dad has coached me since I was 14 or 15. ‘Every club coach from Edinburgh, Loughborough Uni, British Athletics have all played a part. The main thing is to now thank everyone who has helped me.’ His dad, a stadium announcer, commentator and Jake’s coach, said: ‘I’ve been doing his school sports day since he was about 11 because my wife’s been his PE teacher. ‘So we’ve just taken it to a slightly bigger stadia, slightly bigger crowds and slightly bigger medals. ‘I’ve been watching his races for all his life, since he started as a little kid in primary school and to come through and win a global title here of all places. ‘The main thing is it made up for the Olympics. ‘You only get one shot in four years. So I’m very proud, very proud. He’s putting in a lot of hard work. He’s very meticulous in the way he prepares.’ MORE : Britain's Jake Wightman wins historic 1500m gold at World Athletics Championships MORE : Mo Farah’s bravery is his greatest achievement after trafficking revelations For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 