Niacinamide and hemp are essential ingredients to include when creating your skincare routine. They both have slightly different benefits, but ultimately they both work to improve the skin barrier – which acids and other potent actives can wreak havoc on. Hey Bud skincare has a range of new products with these ingredients to boost your skin health. The brand’s 10% Niacinamide + Hemp Serum is a particular stand out, as it works to control excess sebum levels, has antioxidants to protect against free radical damage, and is anti-inflammatory. Other hemp products in the line to look out for include the 5% Hyaluronic Acid + Hemp Serum, which will be better for those in need of greater skin moisture. Moisturisers available also contain hemp, as well as aloe vera for the ultimate skin soother. Hemp seed oil comes from the seeds of the hemp plant. Some people confuse it with CBD, but they’re separate things – hemp doesn’t have any CBD or cannabinoids at all, even though it all comes from the same plant. It’s known for being non-comedogenic (non-pore blocking), anti-inflammatory and moisturising. This often makes it a great choice for those with sensitive skin. With this being the star ingredient in Hey Bud’s line, sun-damaged skin at this time of year might benefit from a cream that’s all about putting moisture back into the skin while calmly inflammation. Shop the range here and get 15% off using the code METRO15. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Celebrity skincare brands – a dermatologist reveals if they are any good and what to watch out for MORE : Cleaning guru shares top tip for getting foundation marks out of T-shirt collars MORE : How to keep your summer tan from fading, according to a skincare expert