Boris Johnson has drafted in a new interim cabinet so he can cling on to his position for several more months. The embattled prime minister sensationally resigned today after weeks of scandal finally upended his tumultuous premiership. But he defied calls to step down immediately, saying he will plough on in the top job until a new leader is chosen. To do that he needs to fill dozens of ministerial positions following the brutal mass exodus from his government. According to the BBC’s political editor Chris Mason, a full interim cabinet has been appointed. Positions confirmed so far include Greg Clark as Levelling Up Secretary, and James Cleverly as Education Secretary. Mr Clark takes over from Michael Gove, who was sacked last night and branded a ‘treacherous snake’. Mr Cleverly – who was seen entering Downing Street with a box of Krispy Kreme donuts this morning – will replace Michelle Donelan after she resigned  just 48 hours into the job. Kit Malthouse, the policing minister, is the new Chancellor for the Duchy of Lancaster. And Robert Buckland, the former justice secretary who was sacked by Boris Johnson in the last reshuffle, is making a comeback as Welsh Secretary. Shailesh Vara has been appointed Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, while Andrew Stephenson has been appointed Minister without Portfolio. The appointments were announced shortly before Mr Johnson addressed the nation  to confirm his resignation. Many expected him to be dragged out kicking and screaming, but he finally agreed to stand down after waking up to a fresh wave of resignations now totalling more than 50. He vowed to give the next Tory leader ‘as much support as I can’, adding: ‘I want you to know how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world – but them’s the breaks.’ Mr Johnson said a timetable for the Tory leadership contest – which he referred to as a ‘Darwinian system’ – is set to be confirmed next week. It is likely to cause controversy with many in the party adamant Mr Johnson can’t remain in power after the tumult of the last week. George Freeman, who quit as science minister today, called for a caretaker PM. He said: ‘Boris Johnson needs to hand in the seals of office, apologise to Her Majesty & advise her to call for a caretaker prime minister. ‘To take over today so that ministers can get back to work & we can choose a new Conservative leader to try & repair the damage & rebuild trust.’ Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng also joined calls for a swift end to Boris Johnson’s tenure. He said: ‘What a depressing state of affairs. So much needless damage caused. We now need a new leader as soon as practicable. ‘Someone who can rebuild trust, heal the country, and set out a new, sensible and consistent economic approach to help families.’ Dominic Cummings, formerly Mr Johnson’s right-hand man in No 10 but now one of his most fierce critics, said the PM would cause ‘carnage’ if he was allowed to remain in position and suggested Dominic Raab, the deputy prime minister, should stand in as a caretaker premier. He suggested the Cabinet should give Mr Johnson an ultimatum and tell him that if he does not go the Queen will appoint Mr Raab and ‘cops escort you from building’. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer also said Mr Johnson must not be allowed to linger in office and should be removed immediately. He threatened to use a Commons vote of no confidence procedure to attempt to oust the prime minister unless he hands over the reins to another premier. Sir Keir told reporters in Westminster: ‘He needs to go completely. None of this nonsense about clinging on for a few months. ‘He’s inflicted lies, fraud and chaos in the country. ‘We’re stuck with a government which isn’t functioning in the middle of a cost of living crisis. And all of those that have been propping him up should be utterly ashamed of themselves.’ The collapse of the government came after the prime minister finally admitted he knew about sexual misconduct allegations levelled against Tory MP Chris Pincher before appointing him to a senior government role in February, after days of denial. A humiliating apology was not enough to stop senior ministers Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid quitting within minutes of each other, with both writing incendiary resignation letters criticising the integrity of Mr Johnson’s operation. The next day they were followed out the door by over 40 ministers and aides, but Boris Johnson vowed to go on and said it would not be responsible to quit because of the mandate he won at the 2019 general election. The PM refused to budge even after a face-off with his own Cabinet ministers last night, who told him he had lost the confidence of the Tory party and could not continue in office. Mr Johnson lashed out by sacking Michael Gove and pledging  a new economic programme – even though he’d struggle to implement anything without any ministers. But the writing was clearly on the wall for the most controversial leader in recent times. Resignations continued this morning, with the nail in the coffin appearing to be a blistering letter from newly appointed Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi calling for him to ‘leave with dignity’. Mr Johnson’s resignation means he is third Conservative PM brought down by Tory infighting in the space of six years. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.