Nicki Minaj has left fans fuming after starting her Wireless Festival gig 30 minutes late, and not apologising. The Super Bass singer performed just 40 minutes of her 80 minute set and the performance was plagued with technical difficulties and frequent breaks. The mic and monitor were not in sync causing a distracting delay throughout the whole performance. The star, who seemed annoyed and low energy at points, also asked the already patient crowd at one stage: ‘Can you guys give me 30 seconds.’ She then took another few minutes to change wardrobe leading to the crowd chanting for her return as the minutes got closer to the fast approaching 9.30pm curfew. ‘I spent so much to come to London and see Nicki this was a disappointment,’ one Manchester fan told Metro.co.uk. ‘I saw Cardi and she was great and bang on time. Nicki was late, barely got going, and didn’t explain why she was late.’ Another said: ‘You don’t come this late and then have wardrobe changes. It’s a festival. It’s taking the p***!’ One fan took to Twitter to write: ‘Nicki really has to stop being late. It’s unprofessional af. A lot of people are already paying Expensive tickets. Its unfair.’ Another penned: ‘Nicki needs to stop this thing of being late. She wants her time to be respected right? She needs to reciprocate that.’ Meanwhile other fans were quick to forgive her lateness, with one writing: ‘Nicki the Queen. She could be late to whatever, whenever.’ Another penned: ‘I know she’s late you guys but everyone there and watching the lives is gonna enjoy every moment when she arrives. It’s gonna be one for the books I can feel it.’ Nicki’s gig follows news festival goers were ‘forced to climb over fences to avoid being trampled’ according to reports from those attending, after police were called to help manage the large crowds ahead of Nicki Minaj’s performance. Dozens of officers were deployed near London’s Finsbury Park at around 3pm on Sunday after people tried to make their way past queues, in sweltering heat as temperatures rose to almost 30C. Footage on social media appeared to show people jumping over gates to make their way into the music event, with one person writing: ‘I’m genuinely starting to get worried for Nicki and people’s safety… more people keep piling up and it’s very hot out there.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Nicki Minaj’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Wireless Festival crowds ‘being trampled and forced to climb tall gates’ while people ‘keep piling up’ as police intervene MORE : Cardi B denies hitting fan at Wireless Festival with her microphone: ‘It wasn’t no fight’ 