The frontrunner to be Britain’s next prime minister has pledged to criminalise street harassment. Liz Truss says she would crack down on violence against women and girls and wants to introduce a national domestic abuse register. The Foreign Secretary believes her package of measure would protect against abuse and says it would break the cycle of repeat of offending. Truss also claimed it is the responsibility of all political leaders to ‘do more’ on the issue. She said that over the last two years, the nation has been ‘shocked’ by the number of high profile murders of women, many in London. The leadership hopeful is currently facing off with former chancellor Rishi Sunak to take over from Boris Johnson in Number 10, with the winner being announced on September 5. Under a Truss government, a standalone offence would be brought in to criminalise harassment alongside the abuse register, which would include coercive and controlling behaviour, as well as financial abuse. The Foreign Secretary highlighted the register as being key to stopping repeat offenders. Under her plans, Truss said she would also require convicted offenders to inform the police of arrangements with new partners and their children, adding that failure to do so would lead to harsh penalties. She said: ‘Over the last two years, our nation has been shocked by a number of high profile murders of women, many here in London. ‘It is the responsibility of all political leaders, including us in Westminster and the Mayor of London, to do more.’ Truss continued: ‘Violence against women and girls doesn’t have to be inevitable. Women should be able to walk the streets without fear of harm, and perpetrators must expect to be punished. ‘Through increased police training, new offences, faster processes for rape victims and our domestic abuse register we will ensure victims are protected, and crimes are prevented in the first place.’ As part of her crackdown, which builds on the Government’s Violence Against Women and Girls Strategy, the favourite for PM also promised to speed up the process for handling rape cases. Truss promised to ensure cases are able to reach investigatory standards from the start in an effort to accelerate progress through the courts. Police officers would also receive specific training to respond effectively to vulnerable victims. Kathleen Spencer Chapman, head of policy advocacy and research at Plan International UK, said: ‘Youth activists through our #CrimeNotCompliment have been calling for public sexual harassment to be made illegal for a long time, echoing millions of women and girls across the country. ‘So it’s encouraging to see this being heard in this commitment from Liz Truss, alongside the Government’s current consultation.’ Maya Tutton, the co-founder of Our Streets Now, a campaign to make public sexual harassment a criminal offence, added: ‘This commitment is a big step in the right direction. ‘Any legislation must make all forms of public sexual harassment illegal, be available for all those who need it, and recognise the unwanted and harmful sexualised nature of this behaviour. ‘Legislation is just one part of the puzzle, and we hope that both candidates commit to the whole society, prevention-based approach needed to tackle the roots of this problem.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Leaders debate dramatically halted on Talk TV after presenter faints