Kim Kardashian is known for her hourglass figure – and her clothing brand, Skims, is known for helping us mere mortals recreate it. Although there’s a wide range, Skims’ bodysuits are its bread and butter, combining curve control and comfort in one pull-on garment. While they can be worn as underwear, these bodysuits have grown in popularity as outerwear too, paired with jeans or a skirt as a simple (yet showstopping) top. Shaping material streamlines your silhouette, while the fabric’s opacity means you can even get away with going braless; it’d be the perfect wardrobe staple if only it wasn’t so expensive. While we could sing Skims’ praises all day, there’s a cost of living crisis on the go, and many won’t be able to afford upwards of £60 for a single item of clothing. Thankfully, though, there are plenty of affordable alternatives right at your fingertips. We’ve rounded up our favourite dupes you can buy know. They’re not Kardashian-approved, but you’ll be feeling like a celebrity once you have yours on. What makes the Skims bodysuit so popular is a panel around the mid-section that lightly shapes your stomach. This one has the same, defining your waist with a mixture of Nylon and Spandex that stays comfortable throughout the day. Of the hundreds of five-star reviews it’s received, one customer said: ‘Really nice, stretchy, breathable material that pulls you in beautifully around the waist, tummy and back. I looked so snatched in my high waisted jeans it’s crazy!’ Buy for £19.99 at Amazon. Go for lightly shaping options like this if you want to recreate the Skims ‘second skin’ feel. It’s non-padded, non-wired, and features a ‘no VPL’ finish to banish unsightly panty lines. Not only that, it’s made using Cool Comfort technology to wick moisture and keep you feeling fresh all day long. Buy for £15 at M&S. With a scoop neck and a racer back, this alternative is flattering and versatile under a range of clothing. In a soft, stretchy fabric, it provides gentle shaping without that tight, compressed feeling. Buy for £35 at Asos. If you prefer a thicker strap, this one-piece is ideal (and definitely won’t break the bank). Beware that, like those from Skims, this bodysuit will arrive looking like you couldn’t possibly fit a human in it – but you can. ‘It really pulls everything in without being uncomfortable and it can even be worn as a top,’ said one reviewer. ‘I wear all the time and it’s totally worth the price.’ Buy for £8.99 at Shein. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can now stay in a secluded pod house shaped like a conker in Wales MORE : Expert shares how to clear mind blocks to achieve a great orgasm