Sir Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner have avoided fines for alleged lockdown regulation breaches. Both had vowed to step down if they were found to have broken covid rules. But Durham Police have now concluded that ‘no further action’ will be taken against the Labour leader and his deputy. Following the news, Sir Keir tweeted: ‘I’ve always said no rules were broken when I was in Durham. The police have completed their investigation and agreed: there is no case to answer. ‘For me, this was always a matter of principle. Honesty and integrity matter. You will always get that from me.’ Ms Rayner echoed the Labour leader’s comments and added she was ‘always clear’ no rules had been broken. Just this morning, she had told reporters replacements could be found ‘very quickly’ if police did decide to issue fines. ‘Integrity matters in politics,’ she tweeted this afternoon. ‘The contrast with the behaviour of this disgraced Prime Minister couldn’t be clearer.’ Durham Police say they cannot identify others present at last April’s ‘beergate’ gathering due to policing guidelines. In their statement, the force said: ‘Following the emergence of significant new information, an investigation was launched by Durham Constabulary into a gathering at the Miners’ Hall, in Redhills, Durham on April 30 2021. That investigation has now concluded. ‘A substantial amount of documentary and witness evidence was obtained which identified the 17 participants and their activities during that gathering. ‘Following the application of the evidential full code test, it has been concluded that there is no case to answer for a contravention of the regulations, due to the application of an exception, namely reasonably necessary work.’ Durham Police’s investigation had been launched after images emerged of the Labour leader drinking a beer with colleagues in the run-up to a by-election campaign during Covid lockdown restrictions. It came at a time when indoor mixing with anyone outside your household was banned, although there was an exemption for ‘work purposes’. Deputy leader Ms Rayner was also present at the gathering, although officials initially ‘mistakenly’ denied this. For months, Sir Keir insisted no rules were broken – but promised to resign if he was fined to show the public ‘not all politicians are the same’. Ms Rayner followed his lead and said she would step down too if officers found wrongdoing. Following today’s news from Durham Police, a Labour spokesman said: ‘Keir Starmer and Angela Rayner have always been clear that no rules were broken in Durham. ‘The police have completed their investigation and have agreed saying that there is no case to answer.’ Labour’s Mary Foy, the MP for the City of Durham in whose offices Sir Keir had been pictured drinking beer at said she was ‘delighted’ by Durham Police’s findings on the event after the ‘pressure of the last few months’. In a written statement, she said: ‘After the pressure of the last few months, I am enormously appreciative for the understanding my staff and their families have shown in the face of significant intrusion from the right-wing media, including their children and parents being doorstepped. ‘Now that this matter has been put to rest, I will continue to focus my efforts on serving my constituents both in Durham and in Westminster, as well as on holding what is left of this shambolic government to account during this cost of living crisis.’ The ‘beergate’ scandal came after Boris Johnson was fined for attending his own birthday party. The Metropolitan Police were urged to explain why the prime minister wasn’t fined more than once after pictures emerged appearing to show him drinking at a lockdown-busting party. The long-awaited Sue Gray report later attacked ‘senior leaders’ in government, saying they must ‘bear responsibility’ for the culture which led to lockdown rules being broken. Mr Johnson’s premiership was dealt another blow when it emerged one staff was so drunk they vomited at a party, while officials were exposed boasting about ‘getting away with drinks’. Multiple examples of ‘unacceptable’ treatment of security and cleaning staff were also discovered. But the British leader, at that point, refused to step down, claiming it was his ‘job to get on and deliver for the people this country’. He survived a no conference vote in June but resigned yesterday after mounting pressure following a new scandal over his handling of complaints made against Chris Pincher. The resignation of Boris Johnson could lead to Tories ‘shredding each other to pieces’ in a bid to find a replacement, culture secretary Nadine Dorries has warned. Rishi Sunak, Sajid Javid, Ben Wallace, Nadhim Zahawi, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss and Tom Tugendhat are potential contenders for the Conservative Party’s new leader. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.