Leave It To Beaver star Tony Dow is in his ‘last hours’ in hospice care, his son has shared. Earlier on Tuesday, the actor’s management team had said the 77-year-old had died in a post on social media. His son Christopher has since clarified that he is ‘still alive’. ‘This is a difficult time,’ he said. ‘Yes, he is still alive but in his last hours. Under hospice care.’ The Wally Cleaver actor’s wife Lauren evealed just two months ago that he had been diagnosed with cancer. ‘Dear friends and fans of Tony Dow, I have some very sad news to share with you,’ she wrote at the time. ‘Unfortunately, Tony has once again been diagnosed with cancer. He is approaching this reality so bravely, but it is truly heartbreaking. ‘We want to thank you in advance for your caring thoughts. Our Love, Lauren & Tony.’ Earlier today, Metro.co.uk reported Dow had died following his management’s now-deleted post on Facebook. ‘It is with an extremely heavy heart that we share with you the passing of our beloved Tony this morning,’ the post read. ‘Tony was a beautiful soul — kind, compassionate, funny and humble. It was truly a joy to just be around him,’ they continued. ‘His gentle voice and unpretentious manner was immediately comforting and you could not help but love him. ‘The world has lost an amazing human being, but we are all richer for the memories that he has left us. From the warm reminiscences of Wally Cleaver to those of us fortunate enough to know him personally — thank you Tony.’ The Facebook post, which was penned by Frank Bilotta and Renee James, also offered thanks for ‘the reflections of a simpler time, the laughter, the friendship and for the feeling that you were a big brother to us all.’ ‘We will miss you,’ the pair concluded while adding that they were also ‘dear friends’. Last week, an update on Dow’s condition was shared on his Facebook account where his health was described as a ‘rollercoaster of ups and downs’. ‘Tony has been in and out of the hospital with various complications and treatments,’ the post read. Dow was born in Hollywood in 1941 and began his acting career with Leave It To Beaver, with almost no experience in the field. He played the role of Wally Cleaver in all 234 episodes of the show, which spanned from 1957 to 1963. Dow starred alongside Jerry Mathers, and late stars Hugh Beaumont, Barbara Billingsley and Ken Osmond. In 1989, he made his debut as a director with an episode of The New Lassie, followed by episodes of Get a Life, Harry and the Hendersons, Coach, Babylon 5, Crusade, and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 