It’s a warm summer day. You’re watching the Wimbledon final on Centre Court and it’s heading to a tie-break to decide the champion after five incredible sets. As a fan, it’s the dream tennis scenario. The best court. The best competition. The most important match. It happened this year, but most of you probably missed it. The most absorbing and gripping final at the 2022 Championships was not produced by Novak Djokovic beating Nick Kyrgios or by Elena Rybakina toppling Ons Jabeur in the singles. It was sandwiched in-between the two of them. Australians Max Purcell and Matthew Ebden – seeded fourteenth – stunned last year’s champions Nikola Mektic and Mate Pavic in the men’s doubles to register the duo’s first Grand Slam title, with three of the five sets decided on tie-breaks. It was a phenomenal match, but for whatever reason there is not as much of a buzz around doubles tennis, something that irks Purcell. The 24-year-old faced the biggest match of his career but was worried that that ‘people might not come back’ after a sea of green seats appeared after Rybakina’s win over Jabeur. It’s true. Near the start of the match you could easily walk down to the front row if you were sat right at the top. That started to change in the first set as a few excited Australians found their way to Centre Court. Then more fans piled in as the drama kept increasing. Before you knew it, the sea of green seats was gone. ‘It was [a good atmosphere]… the place was packed for the fifth-set tie-break… it was nuts in there by the end,’ Purcell, a passionate defender of doubles, exclusively tells Metro Sport. ‘I personally prefer watching doubles to singles. It’s so much more exciting. It’s a faster, shorter format and there’s more tension there. ‘I’m watching Alexander Zverev play Diego Schwartzman and it’s just 60-ball rallies from the back with no exciting net play. I want to watch doubles. Doubles isn’t marketed at all through the ATP. A Tour final in doubles and [they] won’t even show it, what are you saying about our sport? It’s like it doesn’t even matter.’ Purcell is ranked world No.34 in doubles and would be much higher were it not for the ATP stripping Wimbledon of its ranking points for 2022. It has been a controversial topic and was imposed due to the All England Club refusing to allow Russian and Belarusian players to compete amid Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Russian singles player Andrey Rublev recently hit out at Wimbledon chiefs for the ban – suggesting that Russian players could have played alongside Ukrainian players in doubles as a type of anti-war message – and Purcell felt that while the stripping of points was fair for singles, it was not fair in the doubles draw. ‘The further we went, I was like ‘This sucks because of the no points, it won’t matter when we win it’,’ Purcell admits. ‘In singles they needed to do something, there were seven or eight high-ranked guys missing out [due to the ban]. ‘But other than (Spanaird) Marcel Granollers and (Argentine) Horacio Zeballos deciding not to play due to the points, there wasn’t really any doubles players from Russia or Belarus in the main draw. ‘I can’t understand why they didn’t look at it more closely. They could have kept points in doubles. It would be nice to have a higher number next to my name [in the rankings] but at the same time I would still rather have my name on the wall.’ A big cricket fan, who loves Ted Lasso, Purcell feels right at home in England. For those of you who don’t know who or what Ted Lasso is, it is a comedy TV show based on a fictional character of the same name who becomes a Premier League football manager despite being an American with no knowledge of the sport. ‘I went to the pub where they filmed Ted Lasso in Richmond,’ Purcell said when asked what he had been doing in the UK other than tennis. ‘The guy I had with me is a good friend, he doesn’t really know much about tennis, so he is a bit like my own Ted Lasso. We went there, had some food, got a photo on the bench. ‘My best-ever result is winning a Grand Slam in doubles and then I had my Ted Lasso moment! He is [my lucky charm].’ However, other than the fictional AFC Richmond, managed by Jason Sudeikis’ character, Purcell is yet to pick a team. ‘I don’t [follow football] actually,’ he said. ‘To follow another sport as a tennis player [when on Tour] is mission impossible. I don’t know how the other Aussies do it, they’re up at 3am watching six hours of it. I can’t do it!’ Purcell spoke about his love for the British players on Tour, who he feels have a similar sense of humour to the Aussies. He couldn’t stop himself from bringing up the Ashes, though. ‘Hopefully England put up a bit more competition next time!’ If he is to add more Grand Slam titles to his trophy cabinet, Purcell may not want to change his underwear. Along with his ‘Ted Lasso’, his Step Ones have become somewhat of a good luck charm after they helped him reach his first major final. ‘I bought the undies in 2020, just before the run to the [Australian Open] final in doubles,’ Purcell added. ‘I had my doubles partner at the time wearing them as well; I convinced him to get some. ‘Not long ago the prototype for the sports version came out and I’ve been wearing those ever since. They were released this year, I don’t wear anything else.’ Doubles tennis undoubtedly needs more of a spotlight, and bright personalities like Purcell will hopefully help grow that side of the sport in the coming years. Max Purcell is an ambassador for Step One, the sustainable and ethical underwear brand, created to offer unbelievable comfort for men and women inclusive for all body shapes and sizes. MORE : What is the Wimbledon prize money and how much do the winners get? MORE : Russian tennis star Andrey Rublev hits out at Wimbledon chiefs over 2022 ban For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 