We’ve all looked at celebs – whether on the red carpet or their Instagram feeds – and wondered why their skin looks so smooth and glowing. Filters and Photoshop play a part, of course, but one other major component is The Cream by Augustinus Bader (or the richer update, The Rich Cream). Don’t take our word for it – a load of famous faces have loudly and proudly said that this is the product they thank for their amazing complexions. It’s used by a long list of celebrities, but to name just a few: Alexa Chung, January Jones, Victoria Beckham, Charlize Theron, Courteney Cox, Kim Kardashian, Jennifer Aniston, Salma Hayek, Meghan Markle, Gigi Hadid, Kate Hudson, Ashley Graham, Gal Gadot, Margot Robbie, Melanie Griffith, Emma Corrin, Lizzo, Lili Reinhart, Diane Kruger, Pat McGrath, and Michelle Yeoh are all noted fans. Why do they love it so much? It’s all about the science – and the amazing results. The Rich Cream – along with all the products in the Augustinus Bader range – is built on a formula hand crafted by Professor Augustinus Bader, a biomedical scientist, physician, and an expert in the field of stem cell biology and regenerative medicine. Buy The Cream now All the brand’s skincare products contains TFC8® technology, which is backed by 30 years of research. To flag up a couple of the benefits: research has found that using The Rich Cream or The Serum for just four weeks can visibly reduce forehead wrinkles, crow’s feet, and fine lines, and can leave your skin feeling firmer, more elastic, and super hydrated. After 12 weeks of use, the results are even better. In a 12-week study of 105 testers… The before and afters speak for themselves, really – it’s no wonder Augustinus Bader has been voted ‘the greatest skincare of all time’ by WWD Beauty Inc and won a truckload of awards. Want to get on board and get the glowy skin of your dreams? Check out The Rich Cream here, and the rest of Augustinus Bader’s hero products on their website. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Tackle shine with this skin cream that hydrates, mattifies, and remedies excess oil MORE : The Hot List: Beauty buys from Harry Styles’ nail polish to vegan skincare MORE : ‘The Google of skincare’: Caroline Hirons launches free app Skin Rocks to make your routine simple 