The temperature has exceeded 40°C for the first time ever in the UK, the Met Office has said. The threshold was hit at 12.50pm at Heathrow, when a provisional temperature of 40.2°C was recorded. Temperatures are still expected to rise later this afternoon, before thunderstorms hit parts of Britain tomorrow. Earlier today, before the 40°C barrier was smashed, a high of 39.1°C was recorded in Charlwood, Surrey – beating the previous extreme of 38.7°C in Cambridge in 2019. Much of the UK is sweltering in a heatwave, with parts of England and Wales under a rare Met office red warning for extreme heat. Forecasters warn the scorching weather poses a danger to life, pressure on the NHS and disruption across transport networks. Plenty of people have been pictured taking a dip in seas, rivers and lakes to cool down amid the baking sunshine. But emergency services and councils have warned people to take caution, as several swimmers have been pulled from the water over the past few days – some of whom have died. The extreme heat is fuelled by climate change, which is making every heatwave more intense, frequent and likely, scientists warn. The new high for daytime temperatures comes after the UK experienced its warmest night on record, with temperatures remaining in the mid-20s last night. Some relief is round the corner, with thunderstorms and heavy downpours forecast for tomorrow afternoon – but they are not without their dangers. The Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for the storms, with the chance of ‘sudden flooding’ and disruption to transport. Already people in Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly were caught in the rain this morning, as the Met Office forecast temperatures in the low 20s in Penzance. Lucy McRobert, communications manager for the Isles of Scilly Wildlife Trust, said she first heard the ‘rumblings’ of thunder and lightning at around 5.30am, which peaked at around 7am. ‘I don’t think we’ve ever been so relieved to see the sky go black and the rain start pouring,’ she said. ‘Our heathland habitats, our freshwater pools and most importantly our farmland will all be feeling very grateful.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.