Buying second-hand is not just better for the planet, but it gives beautiful items a new home and can help you save some money in the process. More people are rejecting the urge to buy new, scouring charity and vintage shops instead. And when it comes to buying second-hand, this woman might just be the ultimate bargain hunter. Nicky Geddes, 57, has decked out her whole house and filled her wardrobe with second-hand goods – and discovered some rare pre-loved items in the process. She finds most of her items at car boot sales, which she visits once a week with her daughter-in-law. The full-time carer also hits up the charity shops once a week, taking one of the women she looks after as she loves it. It’s paid off, as she has snagged a wrought iron fireplace for £50, bed frames for £50, and even a caravan for just £100. She also found a Laura Ashley armchair for £90, a leather pouffe for an absolute steal of £2, and bed sheets for £5. For items that need a little TLC, Nicky flexes her DIY skills to up-cycles them. She said: ‘I get a real buzz out of creating beautiful pieces from quality second-hand things. ‘I love finding things that are high quality but don’t cost much. ‘I’ve bought items that I know would retail for £100 for as low as £5.’ One example of her upcycling prowess: the time Nicky transformed a £10 chest of drawers from Facebook Marketplace by painting them black to fit in with her décor. While a bargain doesn’t go amiss, Nicky, from Norwich, Norfolk, scouts out charity shops to help reduce her carbon footprint as we face the worsening climate crisis. She said: ‘If I don’t buy things new, I’m not creating a demand for companies to mass produce them. ‘That means there’s less pressure on the industry to make these items that get tossed in landfill really quickly.’ Rarely buying anything new – and not caving for that next day delivery – is a year-round commitment. Nicky added: ‘When Christmas and birthdays come around, I usually start planning months in advance so I have time to look for second-hand stuff. ‘I have five grandchildren so if I know they’re into a specific toy or franchise I’ll start looking for those things early.’ You won’t find anything new in Nicky’s wardrobe either – except underwear. ‘Underwear is the only thing I buy new,’ she said. ‘Obviously I would never use or wear anything without washing it first, but after that it doesn’t bother me if someone’s worn it before.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY-loving woman transforms drab bathroom into relaxing haven for under £170 MORE : Clever DIY household hacks to help you save money MORE : Heatwave: How to make a DIY air con system using ice and a fan