If you want to nick Kate Middleton’s Wimbledon style, we’ve got plenty of places to get started. You can buy yourself a nice polka dot dress, or a white midi. But there’s one accessory you’ll need to take your outfit to royal heights: a pair of pearl earrings. Take a gander at the Duchess of Cambridge’s Wimbledon appearances over the years and you’ll spot a common theme… once you look a little closer. There’s one pair of earrings she just keeps coming back to. Those earrings? The gold and white baroque pearl earrings from In2Design. The jewellery costs $156 (£130), but her cost per wear must be teeny-tiny at this point – Kate’s donned the pair for Wimbledon 2022, Wimbledon 2019, Wimbledon 2018, her tour of Sweden in 2018… and those are just the times we’ve spotted – who knows how many more times she’s stuck them on? Weirdly, the one Wimbledon in the past four years the Duchess hasn’t worn these earrings was 2021 (read all the conspiracies into that as you wish), but she did wear a similar set of pearls that year. Curious. Is her preference for this pair a nod to the Wimbledon whites dress code? Does she think the pearls are like little tennis balls? Does she just love this pair so much she’ll bring them out for any sporting event she can? We may never know. But what we can learn from this is that pearl drop earrings really never go out of style, and it’s well worth buying a pair. Here’s where to nab the best… Buy for $156 from In2Design Buy for £68 from Mejuri Buy for £195 from John Lewis Buy for £95 from Lily and Roo Buy for £95 from Monica Vinader Buy for £19.50 from Oliver Bonas This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pastel power suits to channel Kate Middleton’s Royal Institution roundtable look MORE : Carrie Johnson wears £325 resignation red dress from L.K. Bennett for Boris Johnson’s speech at 10 Downing Street MORE : ‘Mushroom brown’ hair is the latest low-maintenance colour trend – this is everything to know