Former President Donald Trump refused to tell the nation that ‘the election’s over’ the day after the January 6 Capitol riot, a stunning previously unseen video reveals. Outtakes from Trump’s address on January 7, 2021, played during the January 6 committee’s prime-time hearing on Thursday, showed him rejecting prepared remarks on the election results. ‘But this election is now over,’ said Trump, reading the prepared text. He then stopped and said: ‘I don’t want to say the election’s over. I just want to say Congress has certified the results without saying the election’s over.’ Trump continued to stumble through the text and modify it. ‘”Yesterday” is a hard word for me,’ he said. ‘Just take it out,’ someone off-screen is heard saying. In another disagreement with the prepared text, Trump hesitated to speak on what would happen if his supporters broke the law. Trump read one line as scripted: ‘I would like to begin by addressing the heinous attack yesterday. And to those who broke the law, you will pay.’ But he then began to take issue with it. ‘”You do not represent our movement, you do not represent our country. If you broke the law” – can’t say that,’ he said, shaking his head. ‘I’m not going to – I already said, “you will pay.”’ Trump continued, ‘”The demonstrators who infiltrated the Capitol have defied the seat of,”’ before realizing he had misspoken and slammed both hands on the lectern. ‘It’s “defiled”, right? See, I can’t see it very well.’ Trump appeared annoyed and wrinkled his face in frustration throughout the clip. His daughter and then-senior White House adviser Ivanka Trump could be heard off-camera helping him word his address to his liking. The footage was shown near the end of the eighth and final scheduled public hearing by the House select committee investigating the insurrection. The committee focused on what Trump did in 187 minutes as the riot transpired, during which they argue he was derelict in his duties. At the conclusion, committee members said they will continue to gather information on the events on and around January 6 and would convene more hearings in September. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.