Lauren Goodger has paid tribute to her ex-boyfriend Jake McLean after he died in a horror car crash in Turkey that has left Towie star Yazmin Oukhellou seriously injured in hospital. According to reports, McLean, 33, was driving in Bodrum, Turkey, when he lost control of the car. Emergency crews rushed to the scene, but sadly he couldn’t be saved. It’s understood that reality star Yazmin, 28, is being treated for her injuries. After the news of his death was announced, Goodger shared a message via Instagram Stories adding the caption: ‘R.I.P Jake, I have no words right now.’ ‘My thoughts are with your family and friends,’ she added. McLean and Lauren began dating in 2012 and they were in a relationship until 2016. A source told The Sun Online: ‘Apparently Jake was driving when he lost control of the car and it went off a cliff.’ ‘It’s a complete tragedy and a total loss of life,’ an insider added to Mail Online. ‘Everyone is in shock and is hoping Yazmin makes a full recovery.’ Yazmin’s mother has also flown out to be by her bedside, MailOnline reports. Yazmin and McLean have been dating on and off since 2019 after she broke up from her long-term relationship with James Lock. Former and current Towie stars have wished Yazmin a speedy recovery on social media, with Amy Childs sharing a sweet photo of herself and Yazmin simply tagging her friend and adding a heart emoji. Reality star Ella Wise also shared a video of Yazmin, writing: ‘Can’t stop thinking about you,’ while Amber Turner shared a photo of herself and Yazmin, writing: ‘Thinking of you. Can everyone keep Yaz in their prayers tonight.’ Towie star Harry Derbridge said on Instagram: ‘Can’t stop thinking about you today @yazminoukhellou wishing you a speedy recovery! Can’t wait to give you a big cuddle.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lauren Goodger’s ex Jake McLean dies in horror car crash leaving Towie star Yazmin Oukhellou seriously injured MORE : Disney Channel star Adam Hicks released on parole after serving time for robbery 