A second monkeypox death has been confirmed in Spain, health officials said. It is thought to be the third death outside Africa since the virus began to spread further afield earlier this year. Spain reported its first death on Friday, shortly after Brazil confirmed the first monkeypox-related fatality of the current epidemic. In its latest report on Saturday, the Spanish Health Ministry said 4,298 cases had been confirmed in the country. Of the 3,750 patients on which it had information, 120 or 3.2% had been hospitalised, and two had died, it said without providing further details. The Brazilian patient was a 41-year-old man who also suffered from lymphoma and a weakened immune system. The World Health Organisation has dubbed the outbreak a global health emergency and governments around the world are racing to contain it. Experts believe the virus, which passes from human to human during close contact, is being primarily transmitted sexually, with the bulk of cases being found in men who have sex with other men. UK health officials said there more than 2,500 confirmed and suspected cases as of Thursday, with all but a few dozen in England. Governments are buying up doses of the smallpox vaccine, which has been shown to provide protection against the virus. But there have been warnings this week that rich countries stockpiling the treatment could lead to shortages in African regions where the disease is endemic. On Thursday, the Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention called for the continent to be prioritised for vaccines, saying it was again being left behind. Boghuma Kabisen Titanji, an assistant professor of medicine at Emory University in Georgia, USA, said: ‘The mistakes we saw during the COVID-19 pandemic are already being repeated.’ He continued: ‘The African countries dealing with monkeypox outbreaks for decades have been relegated to a footnote in conversations about the global response.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.