The Queen has expressed her condolences to the family of Japan’s former prime minister, Shinzo Abe, after his shocking public assassination. The monarch said she was ‘deeply saddened’ to hear of the 67-year-old’s death after he was shot while giving a campaign speech in the Japanese city of Nara. Mr Abe, who stepped down for health reasons in 2020 after becomng Japan’s longest-serving democratic leader, had been rallying supporters of a local ally who is standing in parliamentary elections on sunday. Two shots rang out as he spoke at around 11am local time in a country where political violence is vanishingly rare. His bodyguards pounced on the suspected gunman as Mr Abe keeled over and began clutching his chest on the ground. His vital signs stopped while being airlifted to hospital, but he is thought have survived long enough for his wife, Akie Abe, to rush to A&E and say her final farewell. In a statement released in the aftermath, Queen Elizabeth fondly recalled meeting the couple during their first visit to the UK six years ago. She said: ‘My family and I were deeply saddened to hear the news of the sudden and tragic death of former Prime Minister, Shinzo Abe. ‘I have fond memories of meeting Mr Abe and his wife during their visit to the United Kingdom in 2016. His love for Japan, and his desire to forge ever-closer bonds with the United Kingdom, were clear. ‘I wish to convey my deepest sympathy and condolences to his family and to the people of Japan at this difficult time.’ A 41-year-old navy veteran local to the city named Tetsuya Yamagami has been arrested on suspicion of carrying out the attack. The man admitted to shooting Mr Abe with a homemade shotgun, according to local authorities, who say they found several similar devices at his home. He allegedly told detectives he believed the former PM was part of a ‘specific organisation’ he had a grudge against, though officials declined to name it. Concerns have been raised over how the attack was able to be planned given Mr Abe’s visit to Nara was only confirmed late on Thursday night. Mr Abe retained considerable influence over the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) after his resignation and continued to control one of its main factions. The current prime minster, Mr Abe’s protégé Fumio Kishida battled to hold back tears as he addressed the nation following the attack. He said: ‘Free and fair elections, which are the root of democracy, need to be protected no matter what. We will not be defeated by violence.’ Boris Johnson said he was ‘utterly appalled’ at the attack earlier on Friday. Offering his condolences to the Abe family and the Japanese people, he added: ‘The UK stands with you at this dark and sad time.’ US President Joe Biden said his death was a ‘tragedy for Japan and for all who knew him’. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.