The Met Office have issued its first ever Level 4 red warning for extreme heat. Forecasters have warned of ‘population-wide adverse health effects’ which could lead to serious illness or even ‘danger to life’ in the UK. Britons could face temperatures exceeding 40°C next week. Grahame Madge, a spokesman for the Met Office, said: ‘The warning covers an area from London up to Manchester and then up to the Vale of York. ‘This is potentially a very serious situation.’ Forecasters say there is an 80% chance of the mercury topping the UK’s record temperature of 38.7°C  set in Cambridge in 2019. The current heatwave set to peak on Tuesday. There is a 50% chance of temperatures reaching 40°C in certain regions of the UK, including along the A1 corridor. Areas such as Peterborough, Grantham, Sandy and Stevenage could all be affected. Mr Madge added that temperatures next week would be ‘historic’. ‘If we get to 40°C, that’s a very iconic threshold and shows that climate change is with us now,’ he said. ‘This is made much more likely because of climate change.’ The Level 4 warning constitutes a national emergency for the UK. To prepare for the likely pressure on services, the Government has advised that 999 should only be used in emergencies while the red warning is in place. People should seek advice from 111 for any non-emergency health advice. The Met Office has also warned of delays for drivers amid similar disruption for rail and air travel. Their weather warning adds: ‘Substantial changes in working practices and daily routines will be required.’ There is also ‘high risk of heat-sensitive systems and equipment failing, potentially leading to localised loss of power’ due to the heatwave. Other essential services, such as water or mobile phone services, could be affected. The Level 4 warning is in place from Monday at midnight until Tuesday night. Meanwhile, schools are preparing to close early if temperatures do reach levels normally only seen in Death Valley in California. Sports days and other events have been cancelled due to the heat. The Met Office is advising people to stay indoors where possible, and to drink plenty of water to help cope with the heat. The people most at risk next week include the elderly, babies, young children and those who are physically or mentally unwell and suffer from serious or long term illnesses. At-risk groups can also include those living alone or in isolated areas, in south-facing top-level flats, people with drug and alcohol dependencies, the homeless and those whose jobs are outside. Information on how to reduce risk can also be obtained from the Heatwave Plan for England government document, from your doctor or call NHS 111. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.