Sharon Stone is clearly feeling more confident than ever in her own body after posing topless on the ‘gram. The Basic Instinct actress brightened her Instagram followers’ Sunday morning when her latest snap popped up on their feed. In the photo, Sharon, 64, is seen throwing her head back with laughter while posing under the sunny skies wearing a pair of green leopard print bikini bottoms. The Hollywood star seemed to leave the matching bikini top elsewhere as she went topless with a large towel wrapped around her shoulders strategically protecting her modesty. ‘Gratefully Imperfect on a Perfect Day ❣️,’ Sharon captioned the post. Her followers instantly lapped up Sharon’s carefree boldness and praised her for showing an unfiltered look at her body. ‘You look wonderful , naturally beautiful, women half you’re age have surgery to look half as good as you,’ one fan commented. A follower said Sharon was ‘gorgeous inside and out’, while another declared: ‘I don’t see one single imperfection, Queen!’ ‘You are still perfect!!!’ one agreed, and another cheekily quipped about her bikini choice: ‘You are still perfect!!!’ It comes after Sharon received praise for coming forward with her heartbreaking experience with miscarriage following the Supreme Court’s decision to overturn the Roe v Wade ruling regarding abortion rights in the US. The Total Recall star – who is the mother of three sons Roan, 22, Laird, 17, and Quinn, 16, through adoption – revealed she had suffered nine miscarriages over the years. In a comment on People’s Instagram account, she wrote: ‘We, as females don’t have a forum to discuss the profundity of this loss. I lost nine children by miscarriage. ‘It is no small thing, physically nor emotionally yet we are made to feel it is something to bear alone and secretly with some kind of sense of failure. Instead of receiving the much needed compassion and empathy and healing which we so need. ‘Female health and wellness left to the care of the male ideology has become lax at best, ignorant in fact, and violently oppressive in effort.’ Sharon’s been a busy bee lately, starring in season two of Sky Atlantic’s hit series The Flight Attendant and Netflix film Beauty. She’ll next be seen in romantic drama What About Love although a release date is yet to be announced. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox Australia star Di Kershaw dies at the age of 76: ‘She was great talent – the producers struck gold when they found her’ MORE : Jason Momoa ‘involved in head-on collision with motorcyclist’ 