Rishi Sunak reportedly resigned after a ‘major row’ with Boris Johnson over taxes. The former Chancellor quit within minutes of Sajid Javid on Tuesday evening. Mr Sunak decided to resign following an argument over how and when to cut taxes, the Telegraph reports. The 42-year-old reportedly refused ‘point blank’ to cut corporation tax despite demands from Mr Johnson. The pair were said to have sparred over a number of other issues, such as fiscal policy, which led to rising tensions. His resignation, alongside Mr Javid, led to a domino effect of departures that ultimately sealed the prime minister’s fate. And yesterday, Mr Sunak unveiled plans to throw his hat in the ring to become Mr Johnson’s replacement. Defence secretary Ben Wallace, who had been polling favourably among Conservative members, ruled himself out of the leadership race this morning. According to Betfair, Mr Sunak is now the 13/8 favourite to be the next Conservative leader now that Mr Wallace is out the running. The former chancellor has also allegedly Mr Sajid Javid to duck out of the leadership contest, and instead join his campaign. Culture secretary Nadine Dorries, one of Mr Johnson’s few remaining supporters, reportedly said this week that the ‘hounds of hell’ had been unleashed following Mr Johnson’s resignation. ‘People will shred each other to pieces in the media. It’s going to be a bloodbath,’ she said. Tory MP Mark Francois has said he believes at least 12 people will put their names forward to become the Tory party’s new leader. He told GB News: ‘I haven’t yet decided who I am going to vote for. ‘It looks like this is going to be the Grand National but without the fences, so we are probably heading for at least a dozen candidates at the moment.’ The move to find a new prime minister has reportedly been brewing behind the scenes of the Tory party for months. But since Mr Johnson’s official resignation, alleged ‘blue on blue’ attacks have begun as potential replacements battle for support. One MP told the Daily Mail the line-up of hopefuls could ‘look like the wacky races’. The MP told MailOnline: ‘As for Sajid [Javid], his resignation speech told you everything you needed to know: we all started wishing him well but within minutes he completely lost the room.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.