Paddy McGuinness was reportedly missing in action as a headliner at Flackstock on Monday, following the announcement that he had separated from wife Christine on Friday after 11 years of marriage. The Top Gear star was revealed to be making an appearance at the festival, organised in memory of late TV presenter Caroline Flack by her family and friends, back in April when the event was first announced. Love Island host Caroline took her own life at the age of 40 in February 2020. Paddy was due to appear alongside the likes of Natalie Imbruglia, Louise Redknapp, Professor Green, This Morning presenter Dermot O’Leary, Joel Dommett, Noel Fielding and former Strictly Come Dancing couple Janette Manrara and Aljaž Škorjanec. The one-day festival celebrated Caroline’s life with acts from the worlds of comedy, dance and music, while raising funds for mental health charities and causes close to the star’s heart. Despite his inclusion on the bill and on the line-up poster however, Paddy was noticeably missing, according to The Mirror. Stars snapped at Englefield House for Flackstock Festival included Keith Lemon, Rylan Clark and Pussycat Doll Kimberly Wyatt. Singer Jake Quickenden and Love Island’s Shaugna Phillips were spotted by festival sponsor McDonald’s van, alongside the show’s alumni Chris Hughes and Georgia Steele and actress Kimberly Hart-Simpson. Paddy’s absence came just days after he and estranged wife made their split public, following weeks of mounting speculation. The couple – who share twins Penelope and Leo, nine, and Felicity, six – are still living together in their family home, but made the decision to split after enduring a ‘very difficult time’ recently. In a joint statement, they announced: ‘We hadn’t planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we feel left with no other option but to clarify. ‘A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus as always is to continue loving and supporting our children. This was not an easy decision to make but we’re moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children.’ They have both been quiet on social media since, while Caroline’s pal Keith shared clips and snaps from Monday’s event backstage throughout the day, revealing acts and special guests – although Paddy could not be seen. The Take Me Out host met Christine when she was modelling in a fashion show at the Liverpool Tennis Tournament, before they married in Thornton Manor in the Wirral in 2011. Last week, the couple shared photos from a family holiday shortly after Christine revealed they had been dealing with marriage issues. She noted they are ‘trying to deal with things as privately as possible’ and are prioritising giving their children an ‘amazing summer’. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Paddy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Caroline Flack’s twin sister ‘believes Be Kind campaign has changed world’ 