Rebekah Vardy and her husband Jamie are reportedly preparing to evacuate their luxury villa in Portugal after they were caught in terrifying wildfires. Amid the heatwave across Europe, wildfires have raged in Portugal, France, and Croatia, with homes being evacuated and livelihoods threatened. In Portugal, the most concerning fires were near the town of Pombal. Rebekah, who is currently on holiday in Portugal, shared a photo of the orange sky, writing in Portuguese: ‘Waking up very grateful to the fire department that works tirelessly risking their lives to save ours. Thank you. Thinking of everyone. Very scary.’ The 40-year-old also shared a video of a helicopter carrying water, writing: ‘These guys are incredible.’ A source said of the Vardys: ‘It’s been horrifying. Their neighbours have all been evacuated and one by one residents are being told to leave their homes. They added to The Sun: ‘Becky can see smoke everywhere and she’s terrified about the kids breathing it in. The water is also down so she’s relying on bottled water which, obviously, there is only a finite amount of at home.’ ‘Jamie and their friends and family back home have all been really worried. Things are developing by the hour but she’s praying the fire brigades, who have been brilliant, can get things back under control.’ Portugal’s temperatures have climbed towards 43C, with Prime Minister Antonio Costa issuing a warning. He told reporters: ‘We have to take a great deal of care: a small lapse could spark another enormous tragedy. The answer is not in more ‘means’ (firefighters, water-bombing planes etc.) but in more care. Fire doesn’t start on its own, it is always caused by the human hand.’ Alan Shearer, who’s on holiday in the Vilamoura region  of Portugal, has also been documenting the horrifying blazes, describing them as ‘unbelievable.’ ‘I’ve never seen anything like this, it’s just catching alight,’ he said. ‘This is the roundabout near Gareth Southgate’s house…Jesus Christ! Someone needs to get here quick.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Rebekah Vardy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Coleen Rooney and husband Wayne show off glowing tans in Ibiza on idyllic getaway after Rebekah Vardy trial MORE : Coleen Rooney puts Rebekah Vardy trial behind her as she parties with husband Wayne on Ibiza getaway 