Whether you’re a pre-travel prepper or a last-minute packer, there are some items you shouldn’t leave out of your luggage. Failure to prepare is preparing to fail, and forgetting essentials can mean you’re forced to grab them at the airport or when you reach your destination, wasting money and time that could be spent enjoying your holiday. Blogger Nelia, who shares deals and reviews on TikTok as @travelbynelia, is a dab hand at jet-setting, and recently revealed the ‘essential travel bargains’ that everybody needs for on the go. From headphones to pillows, they’re the must-pack items she takes on every trip – and thankfully they’re all suitable for travellers on a budget. With holiday season in full swing – not to mention a number of delays and cancellations leaving Brits stranded at airports – it makes sense to have a toolkit on hand. That way you can streamline the journey and stay comfortable if there are any mishaps. Plus, you’ll be saving money when compared to impulse buying, starting every journey knowing you’ve got what you need. Many of the products listed are from the TikTok shop with deals only available to first-time purchasers, but well-priced alternatives are readily available elsewhere. We’ve rounded up the items Nelia swears by and where you can get your hands on them from Amazon, to make being a savvy sightseer even easier. Nelia first recommends a universal plug adapter with a number of USB slots, allowing you to charge your devices all at once from wherever you are. This one is Amazon’s Choice in the category, with interchangeable plugs and international voltage compatibility to be suitable for up to 150 countries worldwide. Not only that, it uses built-in smart IC charging technology to auto-identify your devices and deliver optimum charging speeds. Buy for £15.98 at Amazon. Wireless earbuds are great for on the go, but nobody wants to fork out loads for a high-spec pair to then lose one or have them stolen. This Lenovo pair recommended by Nelia are an affordable staple that provide up to 12 hours battery life on a single charge and are IPX4 waterproof and sweat-proof too. Reviewers say they have great sound quality for the price and are a reliable alternative to premium earphones. Buy for £14.43 (was £17.93) at Amazon. As Nelia travels with a backpack, she needs to be careful about space. However that doesn’t mean needing to compromise on comfort. A foldable option like this is easily portable, but has a push valve so can be pressed lightly to add extra air when you need it. Strong seams and buckles also make this a durable pillow that’ll see you through trips galore. Buy for £7.49 at Amazon. ‘A handheld fan for those hot days by the beach or pool is a must,’ says Nelia in her TikTok. Look for a portable one that’s carry-on friendly, and preferably a fan that doesn’t require batteries so you won’t get caught short on your travels. This compact option is designed to switch to your needs and can be folded into a desk (or tray table) fan or used handheld. It also comes with a lanyard for hands-free cooling. Buy for £14.99 at Amazon. Travel fan Nelia sang the praises of this multifunctional bag, which can fold from the size of a laptop case up to a large weekend tote. Waterproof and lightweight, with wet and dry dividers and compartments inside,  it has a huge capacity of 25L – the same as a standard cabin suitcase. The coolest thing about this bag for folks who love to travel, though, is the secret back pocket. It slips easily over the handle of a suitcase, housing your documents so they’re right where you need them. Buy for £17.99 at Amazon. Shopping: This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What to do if you find a stray dog – tips from the RSPCA MORE : Artist saves £60,000 with a DIY makeover on her colourful coastal home