Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are making the most of married life as they pack on the PDA in a lavish restaurant. The actor and singer were married this week in a surprise ceremony after eloping to Las Vegas. It comes 20 years after they were first meant to be married, having rekindled their relationship last year – to fans’ utter delight. Now the newlyweds have jetted off together to the city of love as they enjoy a honeymoon in Paris, France. The Afflecks couldn’t keep their hands off each other as they enjoyed a luxurious meal in the capital city’s La Matignon restaurant, with JLo seen stealing a kiss from her new husband. The Jenny From The Block singer was seen with her hand draped across Ben’s neck and touching his face as they shared a tender moment, her eyes closing as she leaned in. Theywere later seen enjoying a drink together at the restaurant, with JLo flashing her husband a smile as the pair enjoyed a conversation. Jen couldn’t keep her eyes off Ben for a second, watching lovingly as the smartly-dressed Batman star lifted a drink to his lips. The A-listers looked as glam as ever as they dined in the venue, Jen’s hair tied up in a loose bun, her eyes outlined in dark liner and a delicate gold necklace hanging from her throat. In photographs of the couple stepping out on to the streets together, Ben is seen holding on to Jennifer’s hand as he leads her out of their chauffeured car. The Gone Girl actor is dressed in a smart black suit and polished maroon shoes, along with a crisp white shirt and tie. Jennifer opted for a simple flowing orange dress with a plunging neckline and long sleeves. The actress followed behind Ben on open-toed high heels, her nails painted a shining white. Staff stayed close by as the famous couple headed back to their hotel, with Ben later seen snapping photos of the romantic city lights from their room. The couple brought some of their children along with them for the honeymoon, with the kids seen laughing and joking with each other at dinner. Ben has three children, who he shares with ex-wife Jennifer Garner – Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Samuel, 10. Meanwhile, Jennifer has her twins, Emme and Maximillian, 14, who she shares with Marc Anthony. The newlyweds are going all-out for their honeymoon, after opting for a super simple wedding ceremony in Vegas. Jennifer shared the news of their marriage to fans earlier this week, telling them it was ‘exactly what we wanted.’ ‘Last night we flew to Vegas, stood in line for a licence with four other couples, all making the same journey to the wedding capital of the world. ‘Behind us two men held hands and held each other.’ She continued: ‘They were right when they said, “all you need is love”. ‘We are so grateful to have that in abundance, a new wonderful family of five amazing children and a life that we have never had more reason to look forward to.’ The actress and musician began the statement by writing: ‘We did it. Love is beautiful. Love is kind. ‘And it turns out love is patient. Twenty years patient.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katherine Ryan says it makes ‘zero sense’ that Jennifer Lopez changed her name after marrying Ben Affleck MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck’s ‘wedding party location’ has sweet link to couple’s first engagement 