Family and friends of Ivana Trump, former President Donald Trump’s ex-wife, attended her funeral at a New York City church and said their last goodbyes. Ivana’s gold casket lay at a funeral home on Wednesday before being carried to St Vincent Ferrer Catholic Church in her Upper East Side neighborhood. Her Celebration of Life started at 1.30pm ET. Ex-President Trump, his wife an former First Lady Melania Trump, and Ivana’s only daughter Ivanka Trump were pictured together at the funeral home. Trump, whose first wife was Ivana, appeared to comfort Ivanka. Ivanka and Ivana’s youngest son, Eric Trump, spoke at the memorial service. ‘She had brains, she had beauty. She was the embodiment of the American dream,’ said Eric. ‘She was a force of nature, could beat any man down the slopes, any woman on the runway. ‘She ruled the three of us (children) with an iron fist but also a heart of gold.’ Ivanka said: ‘Growing up, my mother didn’t tell me a woman could do anything she wanted to – she showed me. ‘She was a trailblazer by men and women alike. My mother once told me there was nothing she couldn’t do in heels. She taught us how to spear fish and then cook what we caught. My mom expanded our minds.’ At the funeral, Ivanka kissed one of her sons. Her sons Joseph and Theo attended, but her daughter Arabella did not. Ex-President Trump’s second wife Marla Maples and her daughter Tiffany Trump were also present at the service. His son with Melania, Barron Trump, also accompanied the family. Family friends in attendance included Fox News co-host Jeanine Pirro and Charles Kushner, the father of Ivanka’s husband Jared Kushner. Ivana’s longtime friend Dennis Basso, a fashion designer, was also present. Earlier on Wednesday, Ivanka emerged out of a black car wearing a black dress, black heels and a pearl necklace, along with her husband. Ivana’s eldest son Donald Trump Jr, wearing a dark suit, arrived with his fiancé Kimberly Guilfoyle, who wore an all black dress. Trump Jr’s ex-wife Vanessa Trump, who divorced him in 2018, arrived wearing a long dark blue dress and sunglasses. Eric carried his son as he headed for the memorial service. Ex-President Trump, who was married to Ivana from 1977 to 1992, was seen leaving Trump Tower on Wednesday afternoon to head to the church. Melania Trump was not pictured with him, and it had previously been uncertain whether she would attend. The former president and Melania were spotted returning to their old residence at Trump Tower on Monday, ahead of the funeral. The funeral is private. Ivana, 73, died on Thursday after falling down a staircase in her home. An invitation to her memorial service featured a glamorous picture of the former competitive skier on the slopes. Some of her friends flew in from Europe for the funeral. After the service, the Trump family was expected go to a private reception at Trump national Golf Club Bedminster in New Jersey. In lieu of flowers, the Trump family has requested that donations go the Big Dog Ranch Rescue. ‘Ivana Trump was an incredible woman – a force in business, a world-class athlete, a radiant beauty, and caring mother and friend,’ a page on the animal rescue’s website states. ‘Ivana Trump was a survivor. She fled from communism and embraced this country. She taught her children about grit and toughness, compassion and determination.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.