A ‘scorching’ fire has broken out at a much-loved beauty spot near Birmingham this afternoon as the fierce heatwave continues to push temperatures higher. A local who lives near Lickey Hills Country Park said the blaze was ‘devastating’ and ‘quite scary’ as a major response from the Fire and Rescue Service was underway. Elliot Weaver took pictures showing plumes of dense smoke amid the grassland fire thought to cover around 4,305 sq ft of land in Rednal. The haze obscured the sky with flames just visible burning through the undergrowth in the distance. Firefighters are trying to bring the blaze near a golf course under control. Elliot told Metro.co.uk: ‘It is really, really hot up there as you might imagine. ‘I live probably about 150 metres away from the base of Rednal Hill and it’s hot here anyway but when I got up there it was just scorching. ‘The air was really dry and full of smoke and ash and you could see firefighters through the smoke trying to do their best. ‘It was just quite scary, I kept my distance for reasons that are obvious. It’s devastating to see, I go up there regularly as a lot of us do and it’s full of wildlife and trees and just a really peaceful place to get away from the city. ‘To see it burnt down and turned to ash is really sad. ‘We’ve never really had fires up at the Lickeys like this so this is a first and it’s really quite devastating.’ A post on the country park’s Facebook page suggested the fire had been caused by a disposable barbecue. There is as yet no official confirmation of what triggered the blaze, which comes as the UK is expected to register a record temperature of 40C. The smoke can be seen for miles around with white ash falling on people’s homes. The fire service has asked residents living nearby to keep their windows and doors closed and advised people to stay away from the area. Elliot, 34, who works in film and television, told Metro.co.uk: ‘The smoke seems to have eased but there are fire engines constantly running up and down the road. ‘When I was last up there it looked like it would be a while before they got it under control, so it might be the fire is spreading in the opposite direction. But it’s eased in this direction anyway. ‘There is no word on evacuations although there are some houses that back onto Rednal Hill. There is a house next to where I took the pictures and it seemed like the fire service were clambering around trying to evacuate the people and protect the property.’ Elliot took an air temperature reading showing the mercury at 48C near the park, a treasured and diverse green oasis which covers 524 hectares to the south-west of Birmingham. The current temperature for the city is 36C, according to weather.com. Elliot added: ‘The community here feel at home with the country park and while there have been fires here before I’ve never seen anything this bad. ‘We are grateful to the fire brigade for doing what they do.’ Herefordshire and Worcester Fire Control have said: ‘HWFRS and West Midlands Fire and Rescue Service crews are currently fighting a fire in the open in the area of Rose Hill in Rednal in the Lickey Hills. ‘People are asked to stay away from the area – residents are asked to keep their doors and windows closed.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.