As schools prepare to close for the holidays, Kim Johnson says she is getting ready for a ‘nocturnal summer’. During the day she will look after her five kids and step-son, who range in age from five to 17, while at night she’ll spend her time working away at her copywriter job, surviving on just four hours sleep. It’s an impossible situation, but one Kim says she can’t avoid as she simply can’t afford to rely on the UK’s ailing childcare system – a system that is pushing parents to breaking point, emotionally and financially. ‘I start thinking about the school holidays the moment terms starts; planning and stressing and trying to figure out how I’m going to make things work,’ Kim admits. ‘The “holidays” are not a break for me. I am self-employed and if I don’t work, I don’t get paid.’ Kim, from East Sussex, says she would have to shell out an estimated £5,000 annually just for holiday childcare, even with the cheapest option available. So outside term time, in a bid to avoid spiralling pre and post-school childcare costs, her days are exhausting as she looks after the kids while her husband works as an electronics engineer. ‘I wake up at 6am and work until the kids get themselves up and have breakfast,’ she explains. ‘Then it’s a day full of dealing with them and answering emails and phone calls as and when I can. I try not to schedule any writing work unless I have to, so that I can at least be semi present with my children. ‘As soon as they get in the bath at around 6pm, I take my laptop and sit on my bed, juggling the bedtime routine with work, while my husband will be doing his bit, clearing up after dinner and taking the dog for a walk. From around 9pm, when they’re asleep, I work solidly until one or two o’clock in the morning. ‘Then I get up at 6am the next day and do it all again. It’s utterly exhausting. When they do go back to school I spend the first week of September just trying to catch up with myself.’ ‘It’s a constant juggling act,’  adds Kim. ‘You juggle the work guilt and you juggle the mum guilt. It’s stressful. Time for myself goes out of the window completely. I manage to get everything done purely because I just don’t sleep. But there is no time for self care.’ Many middle-earners like Kim feel like they are desperately falling through the childcare cracks, with no hope in sight. ‘I earn too much to get government help, but I don’t earn enough with the cost of living to actually be able to pay for the childcare,’ she explains. ‘I could pay for the childcare, but then I’d have to give up something else. And I’m not talking luxuries, it’s got to the point where I’d have to start cutting back on food or heating bills – things we actually need.’ So how have things got so bad for British parents? Luxembourg, Iceland, Sweden, Norway and Germany all beat the UK in terms of affordable and quality childcare, according to Unicef. In a 2021 report, the UK came 35th for affordability in a league table of 41 countries. As it currently stands, families are eligible for 15 hours free childcare per week for three and four year olds, and working families who earn more than £139 a week are eligible for 30 free hours. However, the bills still rack up for parents of under-threes and school-age kids. A week’s care for a child under the age of two in a nursery costs between £263 and £321 per week, according to the National Childbirth Trust, meanwhile after-school care costs between £60 and £70 a week. Worryingly, many women are making huge decisions based on these costs. According to the charity Pregnant Then Screwed, six in ten who have had abortions say their decision was influenced by childcare bills. In a bid to reduce these costs for parents in England, the Government announced earlier this month that it would consider changing the ratio of adult to child in nursery settings. Currently, one adult can be in charge of four two-year-olds, however the Government has proposed to increase this to five, in line with the Scottish system. While the move could reduce bills by up to 15%, or up to £40 per week for a family paying £265 per week according to the Department of Education, it’s one that parents are calling dangerous and irresponsible. But even for some families, if the proposal does go ahead, it still doesn’t go far enough. Louise Harris is a mother of three with two pre-school kids and a seven-year-old. Currently on maternity leave with her two month old baby, she doesn’t know when exactly she will go back to work, but she’s aware that when she does, her childcare bill will hit around £1,600 – more than her mortgage repayments. It’s a punch-in-the-stomach amount which means Louise would potentially join the two thirds of families in the UK for whom the cost of childcare shockingly exceeds their monthly mortgage. The 38-year-old from Surrey says she would love to grow her business and enhance her career, but adds that it is simply not financially viable to increase her working hours with childcare costs being so high. ‘My earnings would have to be exponentially more than that additional childcare,’ says Louise, who runs marketing agency Connected Comms Society. ‘Is it worth my while doing that? Is it worth the additional pressure? There is a mental and wellbeing drain on having the stress that not only do you have to have to really push yourself hard in your career, you have all of the daily juggle of childcare; dropping off at school, the kids’ PE kit today, swimming stuff and so on… The mental load is a massive burden.’ Louise, who is now assessing everything the family spends and has cut out luxuries such as her gym membership and any sort of family holiday this year, argues that childcare should be subsidised from when the child is a year old, so that working mums are not penalised. ‘Societal norms still push so much more towards women having to work out what flexibility means and how that works for the family,’ she argues. ‘Therefore there’s a hit on what we can not only earn today, but also in the future. Things need to be more equitable. ‘It’s chaotic and draining. There are so many more countries in Europe that have a much better subsidised childcare structure than we do.’ While sky-high childcare costs have always been a cause for stress and anxiety, Covid sparked an exodus of childcare professionals, making the industry harder to run, while the the cost of living crisis has only added fuel to this raging fire. Thousands of early years childminders have left the sector since the first lockdown in 2020, while those who stayed are struggling to get by on low wages. Coronavirus also caused a fall in the number of childcare settings, from 75,000 registered providers to under 70,000, according to the Government. Brett Wigdortz, runs Tiney, an initiative that aims to revive the number of childminders and drive up the quality of early years education. ‘Fewer spaces for children means fewer options available to parents, which drives up costs,’ he explains. ‘As the cost of living crisis escalates, childcare costs are rising but wages are stagnating, meaning parents are struggling to make up the difference. At the same time, the cost of other essential outgoings like food, rent, and energy continue to climb. This impacts providers, too, who have seen a huge increase in their overheads. ‘Impractical childcare arrangements have very real consequences and often mean parents and carers have to stretch themselves too thinly or shell out large sums for emergency childcare. Mothers, for example, are increasingly being forced out of the workforce and held back in their careers, which further impacts the finances of households across the country.’ Smaller nurseries are struggling too, according to Chizzy Chukwukere, owner of Zippy’s Day Nursery in Greenwich, London. She has recently had to put her prices up, which is causing problems for cash-strapped parents, she says. ‘It is really hard at the moment. During Covid, our numbers reduced,’ she explains. ‘Then when children came back, we found lots of parents started to keep their children home as a way of saving money. ‘You don’t blame them – childcare is very expensive. We have a lot of outgoings and staff costs. I had to put my salaries up because of inflation, but this makes it more expensive for parents.’ In April, Chizzy announced that she would have to increase her fees from £70 to £75 a day, but she tried to give her clients a lot of notice. She occasionally provides free care for kids who really need it because their parents do not have any other options. ‘I do this to support my parents,’ she says. ‘We are not getting any profit at the moment. We are just trying to keep it going. It is just a matter of surviving and waiting for things to pick up. ‘It is a very difficult time. I feel that we are just riding out the storm. But our children at the nursery are happy, and that is what matters. ‘Somehow we will survive,’ Chizzy adds. ‘We are paying our staff, paying for the building. Of course, so many times I have thought about giving up, but I love working with kids. I don’t see myself doing anything else.’ For Chizzy, one solution would be for the Government to ensure public sector salaries match inflation. ‘Life is so expensive. With nursery fees at £300-£400 a week, people can’t afford it,’ she says. ‘The Government should find a way to help parents more. People are working really hard during a time when they should be enjoying their kids. And they can’t because they are so stressed.’ Rosie Wilkins, a 33-year-old brand designer from Plymouth, saw her whole life thrown into disarray when she unexpectedly fell pregnant in her early twenties. ‘I was a marketing coordinator, right at the beginning of my career. It wasn’t until I was on maternity leave and thinking about going back to work that I realised how much childcare could cost,’ she recalls. ‘I just sat and cried because I didn’t know how I was going to do it. I’d loved the job and loved working, and I came to this realisation that going back full time wasn’t even on the cards.’ The only way Rosie could scrape by, was by relying on grandparents to do two days childcare a week, and for her to pay for a nursery for one day. She was on a £14,000 salary at the time, and working part time, she would be left with £646 pro rata a month, with a single day’s childcare costing more than a third of that. It was the only option that would enable her to bring some money, maintain her career and be able to pay for childcare. However, when Rosie approached her boss, she was refused part-time work. With help from Citizens’ Advice and an Employment solicitor, she fought for a three-day week, but it left the workplace an unpleasant atmosphere. ‘There was nowhere else to work nearby,’ she explains. ‘Even moving wouldn’t have helped because we would have then lost the childcare support from my parents. We were between a rock and a hard place. ‘It was horrible having to fight for part-time work. When I went back, it was very clear that they didn’t want me there; that I was a burden. I realised I had no prospects there and it just made the whole thing really sour.’ Rosie stuck out the job for a year before she realised working from home in network marketing could bypass childcare costs. Now, she works for herself, running agency Brand By Design, which she says leaves her feeling ‘very lucky’. ‘But how many other parents have been forced to do the same as me?,’ she asks. ‘I now have a second child and a flexible lifestyle. But it’s not my choice really, is it? I would love a salary at the end of the month and benefits like sick pay and paid leave. ‘But the option to work in typical employment was taken from me, because the cost of childcare meant sacrificing more money than I’d earn just for the privilege of not being there for my child’s best moments. ‘Right now childcare costs too much and something needs to change. If other countries can properly subsidise it, why can’t we?’ Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Kids are so expensive that I had to quit my job – I couldn’t afford childcare MORE : From mobile phones to nursery fees, mums track the true cost of raising a child MORE : ‘I’m desperate – it’s impossible’: The parents struggling with no childcare options for their disabled kids this summer