Relatives of an Afghan boy who is stranded in France after he got separated from his family while trying to flee the Taliban have accused Priti Patel of making ‘false promises’ over safe routes into the UK. Qamar Jabarkhyl, a 28-year-old UK citizen, said his ‘heart melts’ when his 11-year-old cousin, Obaidullah, calls him crying every day from the tiny flat in Strasbourg where he is staying. Obaidullah and his parents, along with his twin brother and older sister, fled their home city of Jalalabad during the Taliban takeover last summer. They planned to catch a flight to the UK to stay with Qamar, but were separated as they waited to board a plane when a bomb was detonated outside Kabul airport on August 26. ‘It sounded like complete chaos from what Obaidullah told me,’ Qamar said. ‘He was holding hands with his twin brother and they ran one towards the (airport) gates and their family ran the other way.’ Qamar thinks the brothers were flown to Doha, where, exhausted from the journey, Obaidullah fell asleep and got lost when his twin went to the toilet. The youngster, then 10, was woken up and ushered in a different direction by strangers who promised him he would be reunited with his brother on the plane, his cousin said. But he was mistakenly put on a separate flight to France, where he has been stuck ‘unhappy and scared’ for the last eight months, Qamar, an engineer, said. A 22-year-old Afghan refugee living in a studio flat in Strasbourg has taken Obaidullah under his wing, but works long hours and cannot afford to care for the youngster full-time. In March, on the advice of the Home Office, Obaidullah’s relatives filed an application for family reunion visa which they were promised would be dealt quickly. That same month, Obaidullah turned 11, thousands of miles away from his loved ones. ‘It was really hard. I asked the guy he lives with to buy him a birthday cake but he said he was crying all day long. He didn’t even want to cut his own cake,’ Qamar said. ‘It just melts your heart when an 11-year-old boy is calling 20 times a day just to say “hello” and “hi”. ‘He’s not the same boy I would talk to on the phone in Afghanistan years ago, telling me hundreds of stories about his friends, what vegetables his family is growing in their garden.’ Four months on, Obaidullah’s family say the Home Office has still failed to confirm whether the boy will be able to stay with them in the UK. ‘I just feel the Home Office don’t even care, with these empty promises Priti Patel makes about letting people from Afghanistan settle in the country,’ Qamar said. Obaidullah’s parents and sister couldn’t be evacuated from Afghanistan and have relocated to a rural area of the country after Jalalabad was overtaken by the Taliban, his twin made it safely to the UK, the cousin said. The youngster is desperate to be reunited his brother and eventually the rest of his family, but his mum is terrified she may never see either of her sons again, according to Qamar. ‘She thinks that she will never see them again. She thinks she will be killed or they will be killed,’ he said. It comes after Qamar’s MP, Bob Blackman, raised Obaidullah’s case in the House of Commons, describing the bureaucracy surrounding biometric cards and applications as ‘a nightmare’. Up to 20,000 refugees are expected to arrive under the ACRS, with individuals and families who were brought to safety under Operation Pitting – the initial British military rescue mission – prioritised in the first part of the scheme. The two remaining routes will include allowing at-risk British Council and security contractors to be resettled in the UK and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to also refer refugees for resettlement. Metro.o.uk has contacted the Home Office for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.