The 2022 nominations have been announced, with shows including Succession, Squid Game and Euphoria among the top contenders. While many people across the entertainment industry will be celebrating – with Succession scoring a hefty 25 nods and Squid Game making history as the first non-English language series to be nominated in the main drama category – there are some notable omissions. A couple of the biggest snubs come from the Stranger Things camp, after fans were left in awe by the performances of Eleven actor Millie Bobby Brown and Max Mayfield star Sadie Sink in season four. While the epic sci-fi show received 13 nominations overall, those did not include acting nods for Millie and Sadie, much to fans’ shock. What’s more, The Morning Show star Reese Witherspoon is up for a gong – but none for her co-star Jennifer Aniston in a surprising turn of events. Despite Stranger Things receiving an array of nominations, many fans are distraught that there were no individual nods for actors Sadie and Millie. Sadie was a particular standout in season four, when she desperately tried to escape Vecna in the Upside Down while Kate Bush’s ethereal song Running Up That Hill played in the background in moving scenes. Some fans also expressed their belief that other actors in the series should have been recognised, including Gaten Matarazzo, Joseph Quinn and Jamie Campbell Bower. At this year’s Emmys, Reese is up for the award of outstanding lead actress in a drama series for her performance in The Morning Show. However, several people have expressed their shock that Jennifer wasn’t also nominated for the Apple TV Plus programme. Jennifer was nominated for her role in the show in 2020, and has been nominated eight times in the past – winning in 2002 for Friends. Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez have proven a winning duo on Disney Plus series Only Murders in the Building, which has been confirmed will be returning for season three. While Steve and Martin both received acting nods for the show, Selena did not. Nonetheless, she has received a nomination as a producer on the show, as Only Murders in the Building is up for outstanding comedy series. Despite Yellowstone proving a hit since its premiere in 2018, it failed to receive a single Emmy nomination. While some may have expected lead star Kevin Costner to receive a nod this did not come to pass. Its prequel spin-off, 1883, has received nominations for outstanding cinematography and outstanding music composition. Ever since This Is Us premiered six years ago, it has proven to be one of the most tear-jerking series on TV. This continued into its final season, which aired earlier this year – but despite the equally heartwarming and heartbreaking end to the series, it has only received one nomination at this year’s Emmys, with no recognition for Mandy Moore. The only nod it received was for original music and lyrics for a song written by Mandy’s husband, Taylor Goldsmith, with Siddhartha Khosla. Another show which drew to a close this year was Black-ish, starring Tracee Ellis Ross as Rainbow Johnson and Anthony Anderson as Dre Johnson. After coming to an end in April, some fans might have hoped it would receive acting Emmy nods – but this did not come to pass, with the series being recognised for nominations in the outstanding contemporary costumes and outstanding contemporary hairstyling categories. ‘My main sadness about #Emmys noms is that the final seasons of This Is Us and Blackish received no acting accolades. It is an actual travesty that Blackish ended without Tracee Ellis Ross and Anthony Anderson taking home awards,’ one person tweeted. ‘This Is Us and Blackish went from being two of the most nominated shows at the Emmys to being completely snubbed in their final seasons,’ someone else pointed out. The Emmy Awards are taking place on Monday September 12 this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Netflix’s Squid Game lands incredible 14 Emmy nominations – and makes history in process MORE : Stranger Things stars Millie Bobby Brown and Sadie Sink snubbed for Emmy Award 2022 nominations and fans are raging: ‘They were robbed’ 