There’s a shift in the air today as Mars transitions into Taurus. The planet of power and action has moved into the sign of material goodness and diligence. Looks like now is the time where all your hard work is just about to pay off. Don’t slow down now! Leo – go to that social event. Capricorn, love is in the air. Aquarius… Invest in some tarpaulin? Read on for your star signs’ horoscope for today, July 4, 2022. March 21 to April 20 There’s a shift in the air as Mars, your personal planet, powers into Taurus and your sector of money and resources. You may notice that your skills are more in demand over the next month or so. The Moon-Uranus link might inspireyou to branch out and experiment a little. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You’ll feel energised as the movement of dynamic Mars into your sign boosts enthusiasm and encourages you to make a start on goals and plans that have been on the back burner. Need a special treat to feel good? Anything that enables you to relax is just perfect. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A planetary shift can turn your attention to your moods and feelings. Over the coming weeks, you’ll feel an urge to get rid of emotional baggage. As Mars strides into Taurus, issues you thought were finished with might come back with a vengeance. Get to the root cause to resolve them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Getting involved in group activities can be the easiest way to get things done. Linking up with those who share your interests will bring a wealth of resources and you’ll soon be on track to achieve your goals. Ready to get started on a personal dream? The motivation to get going might ramp up. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Have a sizzling idea? You’ll lean towards a more practical method of making dreams come true. Going from your ideal to what is attainable might mean tweaking plans but the results will be solid. A social event could mean you meet someone you’ve wanted to get to know for a while. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Frustrated that the opportunities you seek have not come about as fast as you’d like? Today’s planetary shift encourages you to explore paths you’re excited about. It may be that by letting go of expectations, you’ll make space for something that plays to your skills and strengths. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 As Mars enters Taurus and an intense zone for a six-week stay, the idea of making changes to your present situation can appeal. It may be you or another who initiates such a move. It could also be time to abandon ideas that keep you from developing your potential so you can thrive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Relationships get a boost as stirring Mars moves into sensual Taurus for a six-week stay. Does a key bond need some spicing up? This influence can certainly assist. Opportunities may show up if you link with those who share your interests. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Past months may have found you exploring creative and entrepreneurial options. As fiery Mars moves into Taurus and a more focused zone, you might want to take this further. Eager to get fit? Override any desire to indulge. With discipline and persistence, you’ll do very well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Your love life may be about to go through a renaissance as dynamic Mars powers into your romance zone. Dating? You could end up being quite competitive if you have a rival. Connected? This sensual energy can add fresh sparkle to your bond and enjoy each other’s company. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The need for greater security could ramp up as Mars moves into your home zone. You may want to get work done to keep the house waterproof or damp-proof and be ready to adopt other protective measures. There will be more action around home and family affairs. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 With potent Mars moving into your sector of communication, you might surprise those who think they know you well. This influence may be the answer to getting your life moving in a new direction. This dynamic energy could inspire you to explore other interests and new friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 3 to 9 - and Mars' move into Taurus MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you