Cheer star Jerry Harris has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for soliciting sex from minors. The 22-year-old, who rose to fame as part of the Netflix docu-series, had character witnesses read out in court before the judge handed down the sentence. Prosecutors had urged the lengthy sentence, saying that Harris’ status as a popular celebrity had enabled him to ‘persuade and entice’  his young victims to engage in sexual conduct. Judge Manish S Shah handed the social media star and cheerleading champion the sentence at a federal court in Chicago on Wednesday. Harris appeared in court for the lengthy hearing, which lasted seven hours. Character witnesses were read out from friends of Harris’ including Navarro college head coach Monica Aldama, teammate Morgan Simianer, and the parents of Harris’ fellow cheerleader, Gabi Butler. Harris had pleaded guilty in February to one count of travelling with the intent to engage in illicit sexual conduct and one count of receiving child pornography. US prosecutors agreed to drop the remaining five counts under a plea agreement. A judge had previously told him he could be sentenced to up to 50 years in prison. He was accused of requesting sexually inappropriate photos from teenage boys, something he had denied. A release from Harris’ lawyer, Todd Pugh,  confirmed Harris’ guilty plea to Metro.co.uk. It read: ‘Jerry Harris has entered a plea of guilty today because he wishes to take responsibility for his actions and publicly convey his remorse for the harm he has caused the victims in this case. ‘Jerry is a 22-year-old young man whose story can only be understood though the lens of the extreme poverty, sexual abuse, and neglect of his childhood. ‘Since his incarceration, Jerry has actively sought out and is participating in mental health treatment and therapy both for his conduct and the diagnosed trauma disorders for which he suffers. ‘With his plea of guilty, Jerry will spend the rest of his life making amends for what he has done. ‘His hope is that he can demonstrate to those harmed by his conduct that he can one day earn back his value to them as a human being and that as he continues to become an adult, he can indeed make a contribution that matters.’ Cheer followed the ups and downs of Navarro College’s competitive cheer squad. Harris came to fame in the first season of Cheer, with the second series addressing the allegations against him. In one episode, twin survivors Charlie and Sam shared details of the abuse they allegedly experienced when they were 13 years old. They claimed that he solicited explicit photos and sex when he was 19. ‘He asked me how old I was, and I told him that I was 13,’ Charlie said. ‘And then after that, right off the bat, he asked me “can I have butt pics?” or “can you send butt pics?” ‘I was willing to do that and was kind of blindsided by his notoriety at that time.’ The twins admit they were worried about reporting Harris because they feared they would lose their cheer friends as a result. 