When temperatures start to climb, there’s nothing better than relaxing in a park or garden with a drink in hand. And when it comes to summer drinks, rum is the perfect spirit to get us in the holiday mood. It’s also great enjoyed in a cocktail – with the likes of Mai Tai, Mojito, Dark N Stormy and Pina Colada just a few classic drinks to feature the spirit. Even better news is that you can buy these cocktails already pre-mixed – so there’s no need to worry about getting the measurements perfect. Or, if you’re more of a traditionalist, just enjoy rum with a Coke and a slice of lime – or simply over ice. We’ve rounded up some of the best rum options on the market this summer – whether it’s pre-made drinks, spiced options or lesser-known bottles. Looking for a new pre-mixed rum-based drink? This secret decades-old Trinidadian recipe delivers a holiday feeling that can be enjoyed all-year round. Buy it now for £25 from Kuda. A blend of premium dark rum, Angostura Bitters, orange juice, pineapple juice, mango puree, lime juice and grenadine – this will transport you to a beach. Buy it now for £19.99 from Hoxton and Grey at NOTHS. This ready-made drink will take the faff out of hosting, simply shake up and serve. Buy it now for £12 from Waitrose. This one is a unique blend of premium three-year-old rums from the Worthy Park Estate in Jamaica and five-year-old rums from the prestigious Foursquare distillery in Barbados. A match made in heaven. Buy it now for £26 from Waitrose. Do you have a sweet tooth? This rum has a buttery caramel and vanilla taste, along with other complex flavours from its time kept in ex-bourbon casks. Buy it now for £23.99 (was £27.99) from House of Malt Spice things up with this dark, rich rum with notes of cinnamon, nutmeg and vanilla. Buy it now for £20.99 from Virgin Wines. This is the ‘world’s first’ African and Caribbean rum and boasts notes such as maple, vanilla, and roasted peach. Buy it now for £46.95 from The Whisky Exchange. This golden spiced Rum is distilled with a unique collection of five botanicals including fevergrass, orange peel, cassia, ginger, and vanilla. Buy it now for £41. One of the newest rums to hit the market, ready for the summer. The premium coconut rum was created by three friends who felt there was nothing out there for the ‘new generation’ and it’s already a gamechanger. Uche is perfect over ice, but can also give your cocktails a twist you didn’t know they needed. Buy it now for £35.99. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best tequila to buy right now MORE : These are the modern wines updating classic drinks MORE : Make slushies and crushed ice cocktails on the go with this handy £20 machine