Charity Women’s Aid has issued a warning to ITV and Love Island producers ahead of divisive contestant Adam Collard’s return to the villa. In an explosive teaser for Monday night’s episode, it was revealed the season four contestant, who made it into the Love Island history books with his wandering eye, is back for more. However, his turn in the 2018 villa was marred by controversy, after he was accused of gaslighting, with Women’s Aid warning women of ‘abusive relationships’ in the aftermath. Now, after Sunday night’s episode ended with a cliffhanger, the charity, which aims to end domestic abuse against women and children, insisted producers must intervene if relationships in the villa become unhealthy or abusive. In a statement to Metro.co.uk, Teresa Parker, head of communications and media relations, said: ‘In the 2018 series of Love Island, we saw Rosie rightly call out Adam for his unacceptable behaviour, which included gaslighting and emotional abuse. ‘We hope that ITV recognise how serious this issue is and that it must be learned from, considering they have asked Adam to return to the show.’ Parker added: ‘Love Island is watched by many young people and we know what a huge influence it has. ‘Producers must make sure there is support for contestants throughout, and intervene if relationships become unhealthy or abusive.’ ITV has an extensive list of duty of care protocols while welfare services offered to islanders include comprehensive psychological support, detailed conversations with Islanders regarding the impact of participation on the show, a proactive aftercare package which extends support to all Islanders following their participation on the show and guidance and advice on taking on management after the show. A welfare team is also solely dedicated to the Islanders both during the show and after. Adam, 26, who’s been dubbed the ‘ultimate bombshell’, said of his return: ‘I’m going to ruffle a few feathers when I go in.’ We don’t doubt it – after all, he’s already set his sights on the queen of chaos, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. We last saw the reality star on season four of Love Island in 2018, when he coupled up with four different girls, and left the public in disbelief. Adam initially coupled up with Kendall Knight, but quickly dumped her for Rosie Williams. He went on to couple up with Zara McDermott, before his head was turned once again in Casa Amor to Darylle Sargeant. Adam and Zara then got back together and had a relationship on the outside – although they split eight months later. It was his split with Rosie that prompted outcry, though, with Women’s Aid previously stating that there were ‘warning signs in his behaviour’. It said at the time: ‘In a relationship, a partner questioning your memory of events, trivialising your thoughts or feelings, and turning things around to blame you can be part of pattern of gaslighting and emotional abuse. ‘Last night, Rosie called out Adam’s unacceptable behaviour on the show. We ask viewers to join her in recognising unhealthy behaviour in relationships and speaking out against all forms of domestic abuse – emotional as well as physical. ‘It is only when we make a stand together against abuse in relationships that we will see attitudes change and an end to domestic abuse.’ Metro.co.uk contacted ITV for comment.