Volodymyr Zelensky has thanked Boris Johnson for supporting his country ‘from the first day of the Russian terror’. The Ukrainian president sent the message to Mr Johnson in his nightly video address on Thursday just hours after the British prime minister finally agreed to resign. Mr Zelensky said news of Mr Johnson’s decision to quit was the ‘main topic (of conversation) in our country’. He said Britain had held a leading global role ‘in the protection of freedoms’ and ‘the leadership and charisma of the head of state are always of exceptional importance’. Listing the weapons and ‘many other things’ Britain has supplied to Ukraine since Russia invaded in February, Mr Zelensky thanked Mr Johnson for the ‘substantial political support, strong sanctions against Russia and financial assistance’ to Ukraine. ‘Britain’s role in protecting freedom is truly global,’ he added. ‘Whatever is happening in London’s rooms of power, Great Britain’s support for Ukraine should not change.’ The Ukrainian president said when he had expressed his gratitude to Mr Johnson earlier that day as the two spoke by phone, the Tory leader had offered assurances the UK would remain steadfast in its support of the war-torn nation. Mr Johnson made several visits to Ukraine during his premiership and after Russia invaded. In April he surprised the world by making travelling to Kyiv in secret to meet with Mr Zelensky at a time when the capital was still very much a target for Russian forces. Downing Street said the visit was a ‘show of solidarity’ with Ukraine. He was back in the capital again last month, visiting Mr Zelensky on June 17 to discuss a new military training programme. Mr Johnson announced his resignation after more than 50 ministers resigned from the government. The move marked the end of a chaotic 72 hours in British politics that came after three tumultuous years in Downing Street during which Mr Johnson faced numerous scandals. But the 58-year-old was finally brought down by his handling of the scandal surrounding Chris Pincher. On Monday Downing Street confirmed Mr Johnson was aware of concerns about the conduct of Mr Pincher when he made him deputy chief whip. His spokesperson later conceded he had known of ‘speculation’ surrounding the MP, but ‘no formal complaint at that time’. The admission sparked the beginning of the end for Mr Johnson, with a slew of high-profile resignations from his government on Tuesday and Wednesday. In his resignation speech yesterday Mr Johnson made numerous references to the conflict in Ukraine and Britain’s role in ‘leading the west in standing up to Putin’s aggression in Ukraine’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 