Kim Kardashian and her kids seemed to have an absolute blast at the beach, as they enjoyed a fun family beach day. The mum-of-four rocked a matching swimsuit with her little ones, North, nine, Saint, six, Chicago, four, and Psalm, three, who she shares with ex Kanye West, as they enjoyed the idyllic surroundings. Rocking a black bikini, Kim, 41, perfectly coordinated with the tots, who all donned black swimwear. In the adorable snaps, North is seen giving her mum a piggyback, with Kim throwing a peace sign at the camera – although the next photos show the pair having quite the crash landing. More sweet snaps see the family posing in front of a breathtaking sunset. Kim simply captioned the snaps: ‘LIFE,’ as she enjoyed the quality time with her kiddos. The fun didn’t end there, as Kim also took the kids to the American Dream Mall in New Jersey, raving about how they could ski in the summer on the indoor slopes. Kim’s been enjoying time with her family, recently hanging out with her sister Kourtney in Malibu. Meanwhile, Skims founder Kim is happily loved up with Saturday Night Live star boyfriend Pete, 29. The couple, who started dating in October last year after Kim appeared on Saturday Night Live, looked blissful after they shared some new clips together. Pete has also met Kim’s kids, despite some major tension with her ex-husband, Kanye, and she’s finally mentioned her romance on her reality show. Next up, Pete’s finally set to make his debut on the show, with the trailer teasing a scene where he chases her into the shower. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Davidson reveals he has baby fever and wants to start a family as Kim Kardashian romance goes from strength to strength MORE : Kris Jenner health scare confirmed in The Kardashians season 2 trailer: ‘I can’t tell my kids’ 