On the hunt for a dreamy dinner in the heart of London? You need to head to Jeru. Nestled in the heart of the bougie area of Mayfair, this is a restaurant that offers a slice of Middle Eastern inspired fine dining that feels miles away from the busyness of the city outside the marble walls. Walk through the front door and you’ll be greeted by the stunning open kitchen and dining room, with views of seafood, beef, and lamb being dry aged, and the flow of tahini being pressed. Downstairs is the Layla bar, where you’ll find the most elegant of cocktails with a Middle Eastern twist – try the Smokin Peaches if you’re a mezcal fan, or the Rita’s Sour if you prefer something a touch sweeter. Also down here is the lower-level dining room, which feels like a proper getaway from London. Lush banquette seating is punctuated by built-in wine coolers, a stylish wine room, and what feels set to be London’s next must-visit bathrooms, complete with arched doors for each cubicle, a plush velvet sofa, and a soothing water fountain trickling in the background as you smother your hands in lotion. Go back to your table though, for the real fun to begin. If you go to Jeru at lunch, you can choose the dedicated two-course menu for £42 per person, but at dinner it’s all about the a la carte. Check out the menu here You might be tempted to hog the chocolate aged wagyu tomahawk and Arabic cheese murtabak for yourself, but we’d strongly advise going for a more mezze approach with your pals. The dishes are pricey, so sharing a few among a group will make this a more affordable dining experience – and allow you to get a few bites of the multiple must-try dishes on offer. Make sure to order the famous halloumi doughnuts, – the ultimate in indulgent comfort food – the fermented wood fire bread (smother in the koji butter and truffle honey, both are heavenly), the charcoal octopus, and the white bean hummus – you might not think that hummus, mussels, and cod roe work together, but trust us, they very much do. In terms of meat and fish, all the options are winners here. The tuna ceviche is ideal for a summer’s day – so refreshing and zesty. Scallops are given upgrade with tahini, while the pan fried bream is like the fanciest possible take on fish and chips with tartare sauce. Don’t skip the sides while you’re at it. The crispy gratin potato is, as you’d expect, the best kind of carb hit, while the baby gem comes infused with the tastiest dressing and a healthy grating of cheese on top. For dessert, if you’re not too full, opt for the coconut, hazelnut and bounty if you’re into that light, sweet vibe, the signature pistachio and raspberry tart, or a simple selection of lemon, berries, and Turkish delight. You’ll emerge from Jeru in a delicious daze, stunned that you’re actually still in the UK. Head here to check out the menu and book a table. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : No more whine dining: The Titchelin star restaurant for babies MORE : Secret Wendy’s menu hacks to try – from Frosty Floats to Cheesy Cheddar burgers MORE : New London restaurants to check out this summer