Congratulations are in order after Strictly Come Dancing star Amy Dowden finally tied the knot with her fiancé Ben Jones. The couple tied the knot in a romantic ceremony in Wales on Saturday, according to Hello! magazine. After two delays due to the pandemic, Amy and Ben were able to exchange vows at a five-star venue on Wales’ Gower Peninsula. They were surrounded by friends and family, as well as Amy’s Strictly nearest and dearest, including Dianne Buswell, who served as bridesmaid. Amy, 31, told the publication: ‘It was a stunning venue. I always knew I wanted to get married in Wales. ‘The day was a celebration of Ben and me.’ The couple became engaged after Ben – also a professional dancer – proposed on the dance floor on New Year’s Eve in 2017. Their wedding was initally due to take place in July 2020, before being postponed in the face of the pandemic. A second delay followed with Amy telling Metro.co.uk in August 2021 that they were ‘willing to wait’ to have family members and international dance colleagues safely attend. ‘Our coach lives in America – we wouldn’t have won our title if it wasn’t for him, I wouldn’t have been on Strictly if it wasn’t for him, so for him to not be part of our big day would be a shame,’ she said at the time. ‘For us, we do want the wedding we want, so if we have to wait a little bit longer, so be it. We’re not going anywhere!’ In the lead-up to the big day, Amy celebrated with two separate hen parties, including a combined hen and stag ‘sten’ party with Ben. Following that occasion, Amy had a ‘home hen’ organised by her sister Becky, with the dancer sharing insight into the weekend through pictures posted on Instagram. In one, she was surrounded by her friends and family, who were all wearing Ben masks on their faces, while in another she posed in a ‘bride to be’ sash, veil and sunglasses and a chic white outfit. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Warwick Davis gathered family to say goodbye to his wife amid terrifying sepsis battle MORE : Blue’s Duncan James pretended to date Geri Halliwell because he was so terrified to come out as gay 