Struggling to sleep? It might be down to your menstrual cycle. The lifetime risk of insomnia is 40% higher for women than men – and that is likely down to hormone fluctuations. Award-winning private GP and menopause specialist Dr Sumi Soori, who works with sleep brand Simba, says: ‘Female sleep problems are linked heavily to hormone levels which fluctuate throughout a women’s monthly cycle and can become imbalanced. ‘By tracking our menstrual cycle it may be possible to improve our sleep just with the awareness of what is happening to our body. ‘Oestrogen, progesterone, cortisol and melatonin are the main hormones that affect sleep. ‘At different times of your cycle you are going to feel differently, both physically and emotionally, which will then impact your quality of sleep.’ Sleeping well is important for the release of these hormones too at appropriate amounts – but these hormones can disrupt sleep, too. Dr Sumi calls this a ‘vicious cycle’, but knowing about what’s happening to your body can help you when managing sleeplessness over the month. There are four main parts in the menstrual cycle – here’s how each phase impacts sleep and what you can do about it. This is when you have your period. She explains: ‘At the very beginning of the cycle, oestrogen and progesterone levels are low which means sleep can be difficult or challenging just before or during a period. ‘Carve out time for stress-reducing self-care – whether that’s meditation or just some alone time. ‘When we have too much stress we release too much cortisol that hinders production of oestrogen and progesterone, and balance of it which affects our sleep.’ Practical things to try: This phases lasts up to sixteen days. Sleep generally improves at this time directly after a period. Practical things to try: This phase occurs mid-cycle, or roughly 14 days before the next period, lasting for just two to three days. It’s triggered by high levels of luteinising hormone. Dr Sumi says: ‘You may find you get the best sleep of the month during this stage.’ Practical things to try: This is when people tend to experience PMS. Dr Sumi says: ‘With fluctuating hormone levels, you may experience night sweats or find that your sleep is fragmented or broken. ‘You may feel that it is harder to get to and stay asleep – or have restless days leading up to your period. ‘The amount of REM sleep – which is when we have the most dreams – is less in this part of the menstrual cycle ‘Your energy slumps and you can turn inward – and can feel sleepier during the day.’ Practical things to try: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Personal trainer explains how each phase of the menstrual cycle impacts gym performance MORE : From sunscreen to menstrual cups, the best planet-friendly buys right now MORE : A gynaecology consultant answers the most-Googled menstrual cycle questions