Bruno Fernandes admits he doesn’t know if Cristiano Ronaldo will stay at Manchester United but says the striker deserves time and space to deal with his personal problems. Ronaldo, who scored 24 goals in 38 games last season following his sensational return to Old Trafford, has played no part in the club’s pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia due to a family issue. Earlier in the month, the Portugal legend informed Manchester United of his desire to leave the club this summer. Ronaldo is believed to be unhappy with what he views as a lack of ambition at Old Trafford and wants to be involved in next season’s Champions League. The situation is far from simple, however, as United are adamant Ronaldo will not be sold and Erik ten Hag has claimed he could yet extend his spell at the club. Ronaldo’s Portugal team-mate Fernandes admits the United squad remain in the dark over the 37-year-old’s future and says the only contact they have had has been about family matters. ‘Obviously we have to respect the decision of everyone,’ Fernandes said. ‘I don’t know what Cristiano said to the club, to the manager, I don’t know what’s going on in his, but we have to respect his space. ‘From everything we know, he had some family problems, so we have to respect his space, give him some space and that’s it. ‘Cristiano was our top scorer last season, he added goals to us, but obviously it’s not on me, it’s the club that has to make the choices and Cristiano makes his own choice. ‘As I said, I don’t know what’s going on in his head, if he wants to leave, it’s all about news. I didn’t ask them that. ‘The only thing I asked Cristiano, when he didn’t turn up, was if everything was OK with the family, he told me what was going on, that’s it and nothing more.’ One person who claims to have had regular contact with Ronaldo recently is TV personality Piers Morgan, who expects the veteran striker to leave Manchester United in the coming weeks. ‘I have had quite a lot of contact with him in the last week,’ Morgan said on talkSPORT. ‘I certainly think it’d be highly unlikely if Cristiano Ronaldo plays another game for Manchester United. ‘I just think mentally he’s moved on. I’m not going to say what we’ve said to each other but like I said from the start I don’t think Cristiano feels Manchester United share his ambitions. ‘I think he feels that the signings they’re making, the commitment they showed last season, where they finished up and a lack of Champions League football… ‘If you’re him and coming towards the end of your career and you still want to win major trophies you’ve got to make a calculation. Am I going to do it if I stay at United? ‘I think he feels the club structure from the top down isn’t right. It’s not a reflection on the new manager [Erik ten Hag], he’s got a lot of respect for him, but it’s just an accurate reflection of where United are right now. ‘It’s for him to say what he feels but if you’re asking me then I don’t think he’s going to stay at Manchester United. I think he could end up somewhere quite surprising.’ MORE : West Ham eye Burnley’s Dwight McNeil after missing out on former Man Utd star MORE : Barcelona considering Arsenal raid if Chelsea win Jules Kounde race For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 