Christine McGuinness has addressed rumours surrounding her marriage to TV presenter Paddy McGuinness, telling Carol Vorderman that things are ‘not always plain-sailing’. Just weeks ago, the mum-of-three shut down reports of a split after speculation began when eagle-eyes fans suspected that Paddy, 48, had his tattoo dedicated to Christine removed. More recently, however, she admitted that they are going through a ‘very, very difficult time’. Sitting down with Carol on Tuesday’s episode of Lorraine, Christine said: ‘I think marriages go up and down anyway. I think all marriages, especially long ones like ours, 15 years together. ‘It’s not always going to be plain-sailing, but we’re trying to deal with things as privately as possible and we both just want to be there to support the children and give them an amazing summer.’ Christine added that she and Paddy are taking their three children – twins Penelope and Leo, nine, and Felicity, six  – away on holiday next week. ‘We’re really excited about it,’ she added. ‘They are always going to be our focus and that’s the most important thing.’ Christine and Paddy tied the knot 11 years ago and have been together for 15 years. She recently confirmed that things aren’t so great between them at the moment, telling The Sun that she feels ‘really quite raw’ and ‘all over the place.’ ‘What I might have put up with in the past, I probably wouldn’t put up with now, and the same for him,’ said the former model. ‘I can’t deny we are having a very, very difficult time.’ Her comments come after the couple seemed to have kept their distance on public outings, with Paddy not showing up to support his wife when she appeared on ITV’s The Games in May, and them both jetting off on separate holidays. Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 