A mum has shared how you can save money on your weekly food shop – by making your own butter. Jo Rourke, from Manchester, revealed that she would always opt for butter that was reduced or on offer. But – after seeing a pack of Lurpak rising to £5 in the supermarket – she was determined to find a way to save cash. As a result, she decided to create her own for less than 50p, in just minutes, and has shared her technique on TikTok. The 40-year-old started by purchasing a tub of whipping cream in the supermarket last week – which was reduced from £1.20 to 36p. ‘Real butter is astronomically expensive and it seems to be going up by the second,’ Jo told NeedToKnow.online. ‘I love learning new recipes and also teaching my children these life skills. ‘I was browsing the reduced section the other day and noticed there was a really reduced price pot of cream and I did not want to leave it behind. ‘I am not a big fan of cream but had heard about turning it into butter. ‘I’ve never made it before but thought why not give it a go, and it would be something good to teach the kids.’ In her video, she can be seen pouring the whipping cream halfway into a mason jar, before putting the lid back on and shaking it for a few minutes. Then, after it thickens up a bit, she adds salt before continuing to shake for around 10 minutes. Eventually, the buttermilk comes away from the cream and then the butter starts to form. Jo explains: ‘It is a crazy process really. It was tiring and I had to stop occasionally, but a great workout. ‘It tasted absolutely delicious, really creamy, this time we just added some salt to it but next time I would try adding herbs or garlic.’ Jo has since shared her DIY butter trick on TikTok (@thismumcooks), which has been viewed over 87,000 times and racked up 3,350 likes – with many saying they can’t wait to try it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Try this grilled Buffalo hot wings recipe to mark July 4 MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: How to make tasty banana and peanut butter puff wheels with leftover puff pastry MORE : What to drink this summer – tips from sommeliers and bartenders