A trucker who destroyed his former girlfriend’s house by deliberately reversing into the front of it has been jailed for 10 years. Derek Wellington, 34, flew into a rage when Sara Cassidy refused to see him and called her up to berate her, screaming amid a torrent of abuse: ‘I’m going to park my lorry in your living room.’ The High Court in Stirling heard Ms Cassidy begged him not to come to her home as there were children inside and offered to meet him nearby. But when she saw him turn the corner in his HGV she ran back inside just before the house was ‘caved in’ by a crash that sounded ‘like an earthquake’. The court heard Wellington caused £475,000 worth of damage after wrecking both Ms Cassidy’s and a neighbour’s homes late on September 6 last year. The judge, Lord Armstrong, also noted that his ex-girlfriend also lost all her belongings, totalling £25,000. Wellington, of Kilmarnock, Ayrshire, admitted a string of charges including culpable and reckless endangerment of lives. Lord Armstrong said that ‘taking into account the grave consequences’ of his actions, the number of people affected, the impact on their lives, and the financial loss, there was no alternative to a custodial sentence. The court was told that Wellington, who has 24 previous convictions, was on bail at the time with a condition not to go near the mum-of-two. It was imposed after he headbutted her and pinned her to a wall at a hotel the month before. But he flouted the order by repeatedly ringing her on the day of the crash and demanding to meet her. Lisa Gillespie QC, prosecuting, said Wellington ‘took umbrage’ when Ms Cassidy refused – shouting, swearing and calling her obscene names. She went on: ‘During these calls, he stated he was going to come round and smash or ram his lorry into her home. He said he was ‘going to park his lorry’ in her living room. ‘She told him under no circumstances was he to come to the house because there were children there. He stated he was coming round anyway.’ The prosecutor said Ms Cassidy tried to calm Wellington by agreeing to meet him on the street nearby. But she panicked when she was him in his truck, with Ms Gillespie telling the court: ‘She was terrified because of his earlier threats and ran back to her house. ‘As she did, she heard a loud banging noise and windows smashing. Wellington then drove past her again away from the street.’ Ms Cassidy broke down and became hysterical when she found her housing association home ‘caved in’. Police arrived to find a scene of destruction, with a number of residents out on the street. Ms Cassidy was on the phone to Wellington when one officer spoke to her and he was overheard threatening to ‘come back to finish it’, adding: ‘I told you I was going to ram it into your house.’ The court heard occupants of seven houses had to be evacuated that night. Those in four of the properties were later able to return, but the damage to Ms Cassidy’s home and that of her next door neighbour was so bad that they had to be demolished. Solicitor-advocate Iain Paterson, defending, said Wellington was ‘remorseful’ and had genuinely believed that there was no-one in the house at the time. He said Wellington had been an HGV driver ‘for a decade or so’ and the incident might mean he could never return to the profession. Mr Paterson said: ‘If he could turn back the clock he would.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.