Forecasters are urging people to take the upcoming extreme heat warning seriously, as the potential dangers are very real. The weather this week has been sweltering, with temperatures hitting 32°C in some parts of the country. Exceedingly dry and hot conditions have led to fires in fields, while in London a rogue spark ignited a blaze on some train tracks. Things are expected to cool down over the next couple of days, as cooler currents from the North flow southwards, the Met Office says. Some heavy showers are expected in Scotland, Northern Ireland and the North of England today and tomorrow, while in the South it’ll be in the mid to high 20s – so a bit milder than earlier this week. On Saturday, bar some rain and clouds in northern Scotland, most of the country will be blessed with a ‘lovely summer’s day’, says Met Office forecaster Aiden McGivern. The mercury is expected to hit the mid-20s in the North and 30°C in the South’s hottest spots. But then conditions will really start hotting up on Sunday as a vortex of ‘very hot air’ bottled up by the Iberian Peninsula heads towards Britain. It’ll be the ‘start of a prolonged spell of high temperatures by day and very warm nights’ – potentially around 20°C – and the lack of relief in the evenings means there’ll be a ‘cumulative effect’. By the start of next week, temperatures are set to hit the low 30s in many places, while in parts of the South East, Eastern and Northern England, they could reach the high 30s. ‘Of course that would approach the all-time UK temperature record, which is 38.7°C – 20% chance of breaking that record,’ says Mr McGivern. He adds: ‘I can already hear people saying “I can cope with this kind of heat, why do we need an extreme heat warning?” ‘Well the reason is this heat is looking widespread, not just in the usual hotspots of the South East of England. ‘Not only that, but little relief at night, so of course the UK houses are built to keep heat in a lot of the time. ‘So it is very difficult to get that relief at night, and that can cause health impacts, not just in vulnerable people.’ He adds that that the heatwave could lead to other impacts as well on transport and infrastructure – and this is based on experience. ‘We’re not just making these impacts up, they’re based on the fact that we’ve seen similar impacts from previous hot spells in the UK,’ he adds. ‘So when we’re seeing a repeat from this kind of heatwave in these kinds of areas, well, we can only extrapolate that impacts are possible.’ Network Rail warned speed restrictions would be introduced to protect tracks, while the RAC said breakdowns were up 10% on Monday as cars struggled to function properly. Mr McGivern adds that there’s still ‘some uncertainty’ about just how hot it could get and that temperatures could get even higher than currently forecast.’ Some supercomputer models have suggested it will be 43°C this weekend although the Met Office said the ‘mid to high 30°Cs’ are more likely. The Met Office’s extreme heat warning is currently in place from Sunday to Tuesday. Meteorologists aren’t sure when it’ll come, but the heatwave is likely to be broken down sometime next week with thunderstorms. ‘After any thundery showers clear away, actually the signal for later next week is for high pressure to build back in, albeit with much cooler air,’ says Mr McGivern. ‘That would lead for much of the UK to drier and in many places sunnier weather returning with closer to average temperatures.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.