A British man found dead in a Florence hotel room, alongside a seriously injured woman, has been named as former Rugby League star Ricky Bibey. The 40-year-old’s body was discovered in his room by staff at the four-star Hotel Continentale on Saturday morning. Bibey, who played for Wigan Warriors, St Helens, Leigh and Wakefield Trinity, arrived in Italy on Friday night with the 43-year-old woman, who is thought to be his partner. There was reportedly blood in the room and she was taken to the Careggi hospital for treatment. Her injuries were described as serious but her condition is stable and not life-threatening. Forensic teams were seen at the luxury hotel, located a short walk from the iconic Ponte Vecchio in the city’s historic centre. An investigation has been launched by Italian detectives, while hotel staff could not provide any information regarding the incident. A police source told the Daily Mail: ‘The man was found with a series of cuts, bruises and other injuries on his body and so was the woman, although she was more seriously hurt and the man appears to have had some sort of seizure. ‘There is blood in the room and the forensic teams are working there at the moment while the woman has been taken to hospital for treatment. ‘Her current condition is serious but she is stable and her injuries are not life-threatening. We hope to question her at some point in the next few hours.’ Bibey’s former teammates and clubs flooded Twitter with tributes and memories. Former Great Britain star Leon Pryce wrote: ‘Sincere condolences to Ricky’s family. We played against each other since the age of about 14. ‘Yorkshire vs Lancashire and together for England schools boys U16’s. A great lad. Absolutely devastating news.’ Trinity tweeted: ‘We are saddened to hear of the passing of former prop-forward Ricky Bibey, aged 40. Ricky played for Trinity between 2007 and 2009, making 60 appearances. ‘We send our condolences to Ricky’s family and friends at this tough time.’ A Foreign Office spokesperson said: ‘We are in touch with the Italian police following the death of a British man in Florence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.