The priciest four-bed home in the UK has just gone on the market. If the detached property sells for the asking price of £15million, it will be the most expensive one to be purchased on ‘Millionaires Row’ of Sandbanks, in Dorset. While other properties in the area may trump this one in terms of luxury, the size of the plot is what makes this home the best of the bunch. Called North Haven Point, the home is set in 1.43 acres and can’t be seen from the road. It also sits on the northwest point of the Sandbanks Peninsula – offering sun all day and boasting incredible views across Poole Harbour and Brownsea Island. ‘It might not be regarded by some as the finest house in Sandbanks, but it is certainly the finest plot,’ a property source said. ‘It has 1.5 acres of land which is substantial for the peninsular and very, very hard to come by. Most are 0.2 to 0.5 acres. ‘It’s a character property and a lovely house but it’s really the plot that is the draw for this one.’ In fact, some adverts for the sale even go as far as to describe it as ‘arguably one of the best plots in the United Kingdom.’ Coming in at 2910 sq ft in total, the property boasts three bathrooms, a swimming pool, a pretty woodland area, a boat store and slipway into Poole Harbour. What’s more, three of the four bedrooms have water views. Although, it’s worth pointing out that anyone looking to take the property on may need to think about investing in ‘modernisation.’ Experts say some may choose to lift the roof and extend, while others might want to start with a clean slate and rebuild. The plot has been in the same family since the late 1800s – with the house originally built in the early 1900s, then extended in the 1950s and 1970s. The current owners, who do not wish to be named, said: ‘We’ve no idea what the house was bought for in 1890s – it was probably the same price a bicycle would cost these days. ‘We have no particular reason for selling now other than we’d like to start a new adventure before we’re too old. We’ll miss it – it’s very special.’ The record for the most expensive house sold in Sandbanks is currently the £10million paid for football manager Harry Redknapp’s former six-bed mansion. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Beach hut in Dorset goes on sale for £450,000 – but it doesn’t face the sea MORE : A house that was formerly a school gym is up for sale – complete with a ‘basketball court kitchen’ MORE : Derelict five-bed London terraced house up for sale at almost £1million – and more money is needed on renovations