Drivers could save £10 on filling up a tank of petrol within two weeks as fuel prices fall from record highs due to a drop in wholesale costs. Average pump prices are down from 191.53p per litre at the beginning of July to 188.76p per litre. Diesel is now at an average price of 196.96p per litre, reduced from 199.07p on July 1. This means motorists could save £10 per tank within the next fortnight, according to the AA Motoring Group – but only if fuel bosses are willing to pass discounts onto consumers. AA fuel price spokesperson, Luke Bodset, said: ‘Wholesale petrol’s trajectory, if sustained, would lead to savings of a tenner off a tank from the record highs, providing the fuel trade is prepared to pass them on.’ ‘The problem is that, in many places, the price cuts are quite simply not happening despite more than six weeks of falling costs.’ Fuel prices have skyrocketed in the wake of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, with rising food and energy bills also putting millions of people in financial turmoil. The crisis prompted one central London petrol station to charge an eye-watering £2.39 per litre of petrol in June. But the UK’s competition watchdog said it would launch an investigation into fuel prices after finding ‘cause for concern’ in some areas of the industry. The RAC earlier criticised major outlets including supermarkets for failing to lower prices. RAC fuel spokesperson, Simon Williams, said: ‘The current cost-of-living crisis is being keenly felt by households which depend on their vehicles, and the fact most retailers are still charging far more than they should be given wholesale price falls in recent weeks looks to be pretty inexcusable. ‘We once again call on all major fuel retailers to cut their prices to reflect the lower prices they will have paid to buy the fuel in the first place and support motorists through what is an extremely expensive summer.’ Meanwhile a Liberal Democrat MP lashed out at government ministers for ‘refusing to lift a finger to help’. Jamie Stone, who represents Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross in the Scottish Highlands, said people living in remote areas are saddled with almost £2,000 extra transport costs per year. He is demanding the Tory leadership candidates vying to replace Boris Johnson as prime minister take action to aid those ‘bearing the brunt of devastating fuel price hikes’. ‘If you live in a remote or rural area, you are utterly dependent on your car to get to work, access medical care or get your kids to school,’ Mr Stone said. Unfortunately, the drop in fuel prices is likely to be temporary with oil prices expected to remain elevated due to the ongoing war in Ukraine. Independent energy analyst, David Cox, told the BBC: ‘It’s difficult to see how crude does anything but go up, while the war rages, and that’s not good news in the medium term for petrol prices. ‘There might be minor changes up and down, but essentially crude is likely to keep marching upwards and that will keep the pressure on petrol prices upwards too.’