A couple were cruising peacefully on a California highway when they experienced a frightening interruption that would be any motorist’s worst nightmare. Dashcam footage shows the man who was driving, pointing to something as a woman sits next to him, when a cracking sound is heard and glass can be seen shattering. The woman, in the passenger’s seat, screams, as the man also reacts. ‘Honey, honey, honey, are you ok?’ the man asks the woman. The woman, who throws her hands up in self-defense, checks herself and has her right eye shut. ‘They just shot through our (expletive) window,’ the man says. ‘Are you ok?’ She says, ‘I’m fine’, but is visibly shaken. The man pulls over. ‘We need to call the police,’ he said. ‘We need to call the police.’ The couple, Garrett Mason and his fiancé, were driving on Interstate 580 from Oakland to Pleasanton when a stray bullet pierced through the front passenger window and out the back window, according to KRON. The bullet narrowly missed them. ‘I noticed the vehicle in front, their passenger got outside of their window, basically were sitting in their passenger side window facing backwards, and then literally a second later, you hear about four gunshots, I believe, one of which went through the window of this vehicle,’ Mason told the TV station. Mason said the bullet almost struck his fiancé, but that they both were not injured. Minutes earlier, Mason said he saw two suspect vehicles. ‘We were approaching the freeway. A vehicle cut us off at a four-way stop, and at that point, as we got onto the on-ramp, I noticed the vehicle behind me was also on my tail,’ Mason said. ‘Those two vehicles then broke off and bobbed and weaved through the traffic.’ A suspect in a smaller white car, possibly a Hyundai, shot at people in a black Mercedes, according to Mason. ‘Initially, the guy getting shot at, his car might have been hit because in the video, you can see his swerves quite heavily, but that could be him just trying to dodge the car in front of him,’ he said. Mason’s fiancé was identified as Tina by the viral video archive Newsflare, which reported that the incident occurred on June 14. Mason, who filed a police report, said he was not aware of any other cars being affected. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.