Quitting your job can be a tricky thing to navigate – whether you’re moving on from a job you love or a place you can’t wait to leave behind. Charlotte Davies, a career expert at LinkedIn, said: ‘Resigning is rarely a stress-free experience, especially in times of economic uncertainty. ‘Leaving your workplace with dignity and your head held high is important for all of us, so how you resign is crucial and can make all the difference.’ No matter how you cut it, there are certain social and professional protocols that are wise to follow. If you want to resign in a way that does right by you and your soon-to-be-former employer, the team at LinkedIn have shared some things to keep in mind. Yes, some reasons for leaving a job will be more painful than others. But if you can help it, it pays to keep things as positive as possible – especially if you’re looking to stay working in the same industry. The LinkedIn team recommend making sure you ‘express your appreciation for the opportunities you were given, the experiences you had and/or the relationships you built in the role. ‘Even if you’re completely changing careers, it’s a small world, so you never know when you might come across your current employer or colleagues again.’ It’s (usually) always better to end on a high. Your exit interview is an important opportunity to make yourself heard – that includes any problems you may have experienced during your time at this job. As such, it’s worth making use of this interview. The team’s advice is: ‘The manager holding your exit interview will likely be taking the points you make into consideration, to support potential changes in the workplace and help to make things better for your colleagues in the future.’ Being open about why you’re leaving will likely prove a relief for you, and a decent employer will appreciate your honesty. The team add: ‘Whether it’s simply an irresistible opportunity for personal growth that’s come along or something they haven’t quite done right to keep you happy – as it could inspire some change to prevent others leaving for the same reason. ‘It’s also important to be clear about how definitive your decision is. Giving a clear indicator that your mind is made up will help avoid any further conversations around counter offers, which only prolongs the process and has the potential to become awkward.’ It’s hard to keep that motivation up when you have one foot out the door, but try not to phone it in during your notice period. Remember, there are still people who depend on you to get the job done during the time you have left there, and forcing them to pick up the slack wouldn’t be fair. It also wouldn’t do well to leave them with a bad final impression of you. When it comes to preparing for greener pastures, there’s plenty you can learn from your connections. ‘People get new jobs and move on to new things every day, so don’t feel like you have to navigate resigning on your own,’ the team say. ‘You’re likely to find that those in your network will have plenty of advice when it comes to resigning the right way, so make sure to reach out to get their guidance and tips if you’re thinking of resigning.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Nap pods, flexi-hours and breastfeeding areas: What Londoners want from their office MORE : Russian vodka tycoon to pay worker £1,600,000 after sacking him for objecting to job cuts MORE : Kids are so expensive that I had to quit my job – I couldn’t afford childcare