Trafalgar Square has been covered in smoke after a huge fire broke out in a nearby pub. London Fire Brigade said half the basement of The Admiralty pub was alight. In a statement, the force said: ‘Due to the arduous, challenging and hot conditions inside the basement we’ve increased the number of fire engines and firefighters at the scene. ‘Around 150 people evacuated the pub and surrounding businesses before the brigade arrived. ‘Please avoid the area if possible as there will be heavy traffic disruption.’ Around 125 firefighters are on the scene alongside 20 fire engines. Photos and video on social media showed huge plumes of smoke billowing from the building. Station Commander Keith McDermott, who is at the scene, said: ‘The fire is in the basement of a pub in Trafalgar Square. ‘As a result there will be heavy traffic disruption and we ask people to avoid the area if possible.’ No injuries have yet been reported. Emergency services were called at 5.49pm, and investigations into the cause of the fire are ongoing. The blaze comes amid a heatwave, with soaring temperatures reaching 30C in the capital on Tuesday. The fire brigade gave an update on Twitter around three hours after firefighters began battling the flames. A spokesperson said: ‘Steady progress is being made at the Trafalgar Square pub fire. We’re likely to be at the scene for hours to come. ‘It’s a hot night so crews are taking on a lot of water. Please spare a thought for all firefighters dealing with fires in these conditions.’ Police have cordoned off parts of Trafalgar Square as emergency services respond to the huge fire. The Admiralty brands itself as London’s ‘most central pub’ and is popular with tourists and locals alike. The pub said on Twitter: ‘Due to the current situation The Admiralty is closed until further notice. ‘We’ll update our website and social channels in due course.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.