Heathrow Airport has introduced a passenger departure limit of 100,000 people a day to help it cope with demand. The cap will be in place from July 12 until September 11, the west London airport has announced. Airlines planned to operate flights with a daily capacity averaging 104,000 seats over that period, according to Heathrow. The airport said it has ordered airlines to ‘stop selling summer tickets to limit the impact on passengers’. John Holland-Kaye, chief executive of Heathrow said: ‘Over the past few weeks, as departing passenger numbers have regularly exceeded 100,000 a day, we have started to see periods when service drops to a level that is not acceptable.’ Problems include long queue times, delays for passengers requiring assistance, bags not travelling with passengers or arriving late, low punctuality and last-minute cancellations, Mr Holland-Kaye said. He said this is due to a combination of poor punctuality of arrivals due to delays at other airports and in European airspace, as well as increased passenger numbers ‘starting to exceed the combined capacity of airlines, airline ground handlers and the airport’. ‘Our colleagues are going above and beyond to get as many passengers away as possible, but we cannot put them at risk for their own safety and wellbeing,’ he added. Airlines were able to take advantage of a Government scheme which meant they could cancel summer flights without losing their future rights to the valuable take-off and landing slots. But even with this measure, Heathrow believes airlines still planned to operate flights carrying 4,000 more daily passengers than could be processed in an acceptable manner. Heathrow said: ‘On average only about 1,500 of these 4,000 daily seats have currently been sold to passengers, and so we are asking our airline partners to stop selling summer tickets to limit the impact on passengers. ‘We recognise that this will mean some summer journeys will either be moved to another day, another airport or be cancelled and we apologise to those whose travel plans are affected. ‘But this is the right thing to do to provide a better, more reliable journey and to keep everyone working at the airport safe.’ Heathrow insisted the capacity cap is ‘in line with limits implemented at other airports’. It added that airlines have ‘discretion as to how they implement this in their individual schedules’. The announcement comes amid a summer of travel chaos that has seen mountains of unclaimed luggage pile up, flights axed and passenger complaints. On Monday, 61 flights were canceled from Terminals 3 and 5 at the last minute with airlines asked not to rebook passengers onto other planes leaving the same day. Heathrow bosses said the decision was made after they realised they would not have the capacity to serve the number of passengers expected to pass through the airport. Many airlines say they have struggled to return to previous staffing levels after they were hit by a double-whammy of Brexit and the Covid pandemic. Despite this, demand for travel has surged with more than six times as many passengers travelling through Heathrow during the first half of the year compared to the same period last year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.