Love Island fans were left stunned after Adam Collard insisted he’s a ‘relationship person’ upon his return to the villa. We all watched series four, right?! The star, who last rocked up in the villa in 2018, made his sensational return on Monday night and got stuck straight in as he got to know Paige Thorne, Danica Taylor, and the reigning queen of chaos, Ekin-Su Culculoglu. After arriving to astonishment from the girls, who wondered whether he was a lookalike, Adam confirmed: ‘I’ve done this before.’ Explaining that he wants someone who’s ‘a little bit cheeky,’ Adam went on to declare: ‘I’m a relationship person’. He added that he hasn’t got ‘anything bad to say’ about his exes, the relationships just didn’t work out. Of course, fans who watched Adam on series four  were a little confused, after they saw him couple up with Kendall Rae-Knight, Rosie Williams, Zara McDermott. and Darylle Sargeant – before going back to Zara outside the villa. ‘“i’m a relationship person” adam don’t have me on,’ one said, while another added: ‘adam is everything but a relationship person.’ ‘Adam lying about I’m a relationship person we saw you in 4K,’ one more said, with another saying: ‘‘I’m a relationship person’ Adam love do you not remember how you acted in series 4…?’ Adam and Zara were together for eight months after they left the villa in 2018. He was more recently linked to Towie’s Demi Sims. Amid Adam’s explosive return, Women’s Aid has issued a warning to ITV following the bombshell’s stint in the villa in 2018. Teresa Parker, head of communications and media relations, said: ‘In the 2018 series of Love Island, we saw Rosie rightly call out Adam for his unacceptable behaviour, which included gaslighting and emotional abuse. ‘We hope that ITV recognise how serious this issue is and that it must be learned from, considering they have asked Adam to return to the show.’ Parker added: ‘Love Island is watched by many young people and we know what a huge influence it has. ‘Producers must make sure there is support for contestants throughout, and intervene if relationships become unhealthy or abusive.’ ITV has an extensive list of duty of care protocols while welfare services offered to islanders include comprehensive psychological support, detailed conversations with Islanders regarding the impact of participation on the show, a proactive aftercare package which extends support to all Islanders following their participation on the show and guidance and advice on taking on management after the show. A welfare team is also solely dedicated to the Islanders both during the show and after. Adam, 26, who’s been dubbed the ‘ultimate bombshell’, said of his return: ‘I’m going to ruffle a few feathers when I go in.’ Only time will tell about whose head will be turned. Love Island returns Tuesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Jay Younger and Chyna Mills dumped from villa by fellow islanders MORE : Love Island: When did Adam Collard and Zara McDermott break up? 