Love Island fans, you’ve met this year’s crop of Casa Amor boys, but now it’s time to meet the new girls. The villa girls, Indiyah Polack, Gemma Owen, Tasha Ghouri, Paige Thorne, Danica Taylor and Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu, were all whisked off to the programme’s spin-off villa on Friday night. This made for hilarious scenes as the boys waited at home to see if their fellow islanders would make a return. But while it won’t be long until they find out exactly what’s coming, fans met some more contestants last night, especially for the babes of the island. Viewers will have to wait and see if the girls will hit it off with any of the boys, but of course, there are also some other bombshells set to enter the existing villa. This year’s other newcomers include a ring girl, events decor business owner, nightclub manager, youth support worker, make-up artist and cabin crew. So, let’s meet them… Summer is determined to make the moves on Dami Hope when she enters the villa this weekend – but will she manage to turn his head? Nightclub manager Jazmine falls fast and hard, and has a knack for ‘hilarious one-liners’. Will she charm the boys into coupling up with her? Italian Coco is a big fan of Davide Sanclimenti, for obvious reasons. However, her mum wants her to crack on with Andrew Le Page. But will she find a spark with anyone in the villa? Could youth support worker Chyna win over any of the Love Island boys? ‘Dami’s my top one. Then Jacques and Davide,’ she revealed. Make-up artist Mollie thinks Love Island can ‘do a better job at picking boys’ than she can – but is she right? Will cabin crew member Cheyanne manage to reach lofty heights with any of the existing islanders? Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Laura Whitmore teases ’poor decisions’ to come from islanders as Casa Amor madness begins MORE : Love Island’s Hugo Hammond shuts down Sharon Gaffka’s ‘inappropriate touching’ claims: ‘Something like this is seriously damaging’ 