Nick Kyrgios is relishing the opportunity to respond to allegations he assaulted his ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari and has opened up on the damaging effects the ongoing case has had on him. The controversial Australian has had various run-ins with umpires, line judges, opponents, the media and even the crowd during his roller-coaster run this Wimbledon fortnight. But it was certainly a seasoned performance from Kyrgios on Wednesday, as he efficiently beat Cristian Garin of Chile 6-4 6-3 7-6 (5) on Court One to set up a last-four showdown with Rafael Nadal. Kyrgios’ meeting with the Spanish veteran has been somewhat overshadowed by his impending appearance in ACT Magistrates Court on August 2 to answer to a common assault charge, which carries a maximum sentence of up to two years behind bars. ‘I have a lot of thoughts, a lot of things I want to say – my side about it,’ he said after his quarter-final win. ‘I’ve been advised by my lawyers that I’m unable to say anything at this time. I understand everyone wants to ask about it but I can’t give you too much on that right now.’ Kyrgios said his looming court date was a distraction before beating Garin. ‘I’m only human,’ he added. ‘I read about it and everyone else was asking questions. It was hard. ‘It was hard to kind of just focus on kind of the mission at hand. It was quarter-finals of Wimbledon today. I know deep down that’s what I was prepared for. ‘It didn’t really affect my preparation at all. I knew I stayed true to myself and gave my best performance today.’ Kyrgios has previously admitted to having suicidal thoughts and self-harming during a low point in his life in 2019, and he has made no secret of his disillusionment with tennis throughout recent years. So it was with a wry smile that Kyrgios described the road to reaching the last four of a grand slam for the first time in his career as ‘rocky’. After completing the victory Kyrgios sat in his chair for a couple of minutes soaking in the achievement. ‘What was going through my mind? Just how things can change,’ he added. ‘There was a point where I was almost done with the sport. ‘I’m sitting there today after the match – to be a semi-finalist at Wimbledon, it’s a special accomplishment for anyone, but I think especially for me.’ MORE : Rafael Nadal gives update on injury ahead of Nick Kyrgios Wimbledon semi-final MORE : Nick Kyrgios’ ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari breaks silence over assault charge For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 