Love Island host Laura Whitmore has revealed an agonising but heartwarming exchange the cameras didn’t capture from a Casa Amor recoupling. The current drop of stars are finding out just how much drama the side villa can lead to, with Dami Hope, Luca Bish and Andrew Le Page all having their heads turned and kissing newcomers while their partners are in Casa Amor. It’s a situation 2020 Islanders Shaughna Phillips and Demi Jones know all too well, and on the latest episode of spin-off show Aftersun as they broke down how tough the situation can be for everyone, including on stars left behind, particularly when they have to wait around to discover their fate. ‘This is normally a period of mourning for me,’ Shaughna quipped, while Demi added: ‘It was very traumatic for us, we were both pied. But here we are!’ Of course, Demi was gutted when Nas Majeed returned from Casa Amor with Eva Zapico, while Shaughna’s then-partner Callum Jones left her for Molly Smith. While Laura is in there as a host, she’s also given support to people in the villa when they need a bit of a boost, and Shaughna revealed one moment where the presenter gave her a silent pep talk as they were standing around waiting for a dreaded recoupling. ‘Thank God you were there because I looked at you and you were like [fist pumping],’ she said. ‘Can I talk about a moment – we talk about the girls in there supporting each other. I remember – it’s emotional. I remember you looked at Demi,’ Laura replied, revealing that Shaughna motioned for her friend to keep a brave face. Explaining the reason behind her signal to Demi, she said: ‘I’ve watched it obviously years previously, I remember Georgia Steele, I remember Amber. Watching it as a viewer, you just wanna go, “Don’t let them know that you care!” ‘ It certainly did the trick, as her co-star admitted such a simple gesture stopped her from breaking down in tears in front of the nation. ‘It honestly stopped me crying! I was on the brink of tears, my eyes were filling up,’ she confessed. ‘I looked at Shaughna and just went, “OK I do can this!” ‘ Laura noted that ‘no one realises how long it is’ waiting to find out if your partner’s head has been turned in Casa Amor, and she pointed out how things have been done differently in the past. She asked the girls: ‘In the previous years, it was different because the guys went away. Do you think it would be different if you had gone away? ‘Cause you’re in a different place?’ Demi said: ‘It would have been more fun and exciting! We were just nervous, waiting for them to come home.’ Love Island: Aftersun airs Sundays at 10pm on ITV2. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti will recouple in Casa Amor predicts dumped islander Antigoni Buxton MORE : Casa Amor kicks off in true chaotic style as new girls savagely grill Andrew Le Page over Tasha Ghouri romance – Love Island episode 28 talking points 