A woman is offering £10,000 as a reward for information after violent thugs set her pet dog on fire. Angela Clennell has been left heartbroken following the death of her eight-year-old cocker spaniel. Lucky was snatched from a garden in the village of Ouston, County Durham, at about 10pm on Wednesday, along with a second dog called Sandy. While Sandy escaped, Lucky was ‘doused with petrol’ and set on fire. She was later found injured in the Deneside area of Lanchester, 10 miles from her home, and rushed to Dunelm Vets in Gilesgate before being transferred to a veterinary specialist. Harrowing pictures showed the dog with a burnt pink nose, a blistered ear and a red eye, with her paws covered in bandages. Her owner was told Lucky had suffered burns to more than 50% of her body and she would probably not survive treatment. To avoid prolonging her suffering, Angela decided to put the injured pet down. Writing on a GoFundMe page set up to fund Lucky’s treatment, she said: ‘Unfortunately, due to the extent of Lucky’s injuries, well over 50% burns to her body, with treatment that she would probably not survive she has had to be put to sleep as all we are doing is prolonging her agony. ‘She went peacefully and I have requested her ashes. ‘As you are probably aware, burns get worse as time goes on and Lucky looked horrendous today but at least she is at peace now. ‘I would like to thank everyone for their donations and words of support.’ Angela later said: ‘She was an innocent dog that has done nothing to anybody, she was such a loving dog. ‘She was really placid, she was a really happy dog, who was always wagging her tail and now she’s gone. ‘The vet said it was the worst case he had seen and he’s a specialist on skin burns. ‘It has just absolutely devastated me and I’m so angry. It’s just horrific.’ Nearly £9,000 had been donated to help Lucky recover as Angela did not have insurance. Her friend Tish Wilkinson has since offered a £10,000 reward for any information that leads to a prosecution. Consett Police said on Friday that a man who was arrested hours after the theft was bailed. A second man is currently assisting the police with their enquiries. Detective inspector Daniel Peacock said this was a ‘targeted’ attack as a result of an ongoing dispute. ‘We are confident there is no wider threat to other dogs in our community and it is not linked to the theft of dogs for purposes of breeding or sale,’ he added. ‘Our investigation into this horrific incident is ongoing and we would appreciate anyone who may have seen something to come forward and speak to us. ‘We understand how impactive incidents like this are and are asking for information from our communities to assist the investigation and bring the offenders to justice.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.