A huge mansion once owned by the Kray Twins has gone on sale for £2.25million. The infamous identical twin brothers, Ronnie and Reggie Kray, were two of the most notorious gangsters in London in the 1950s and 1960s. They were the crime bosses of an organised crime gang, The Firm, which wreaked havoc in London’s East End and the pair were responsible for murder, arson and armed robbery. Evacuated to Hadleigh, Suffolk, during World War Two, the pair fell in love with the area, vowing to go back and buy a house there. They bought the mansion, named The Brooks, in 1967 for just £11,000 – and now it’s on sale for the first time in 30 years. Flooded with natural light, the mansion sits on 6.4 acres of land in Bildeston, near Hadleigh, just off the high street. Estate agent Bedfords describes the nine-bedroom, 4,200 square foot home as ‘tranquil’ and ‘one of the most exceptional settings we have seen for some time’. It adds that the house is graced with ‘wonderful original features to include large sash windows, picture rails and attractive fireplaces in almost all rooms (including the cloakroom!)’. As well as nine large bedrooms, the house also boasts three bathrooms, one with a ball-and-claw bath and a large walk-in shower. There’s also a large reception hall, a drawing room with garden-access and a fireplace, a dining room with a ‘fabulous bay window, with bespoke window seating,’ and a snug with an open fireplace. The house features a study with brick floors and an arched window as well as a utilities room. The AGA kitchen has a range of handmade painted shaker-style units with matching display cabinets, solid wood worktops and twin Belfast sink. According to the estate agent: ‘[The house is] located centrally within this highly regarded and well-served village, yet somehow providing a mature, rural environment to enjoy the copious levels of wildlife and tranquillity.’ The sprawling garden features a hose of mature oak, maple, willow, walnut and ash trees trees, to include field maple, oak, willow, walnut and ash, together with an outstanding redwood. There are also large lawn areas for family picnics and formal gardens closer to the house with orchard and active vegetable gardens. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : British four-year-old becomes Burberry Children’s first Sikh model MORE : Student lives at home so she can use her loan to travel the world MORE : There’s a new ‘Zara dress that’s absolutely everywhere’ for 2022