Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson are preparing to welcome their second baby together via surrogate. A rep for Khloe told Metro.co.uk: ‘We can confirm True will have a sibling who was conceived in November. ‘Khloe is incredibly grateful to the extraordinary surrogate for such a beautiful blessing. We’d like to ask for kindness and privacy so that Khloe can focus on her family.’ Metro.co.uk understands that the baby was conceived via surrogate before it was revealed to Khloe and the public that Tristan had fathered a baby in December. Sources told TMZ that the baby’s birth is ‘imminent’. In June, Khloe was forced to set the record straight on rumours that she was dating NBA star Tristan again. Khloe split from Tristan following a cheating scandal, which played out on the famous family’s reality series on Hulu and the pair are not currently together. The TV show revealed that Khloe only learned of Tristan being unfaithful to her again when the rest of the word did, which she branded ‘an additional slap in my face’. Since, Instagram page DeuxMoi claimed the pair are an item again, but Khloe wrote a comment clearing things up on a Kardashians fan page. ‘Definitely NOT true!!!’, she began. She then thanked the fan for their ‘nice wishes’ after they expressed hopes of the Good American founder finding a love like Travis Barker, who is married to sister Kourtney Kardashian. ‘Thank you for the nice wishes but I am not seeing a soul. I am focusing on my daughter and myself for a while,’ she said. The reality TV icon, 38, has been in an on and off relationship with the sporting star, 31, since 2016. Since then, there have been numerous infidelity rumours, with Khloe getting candid on her family’s show about the visceral effect of finding out that Tristan had cheated on her and fathered a child with someone else. Maralee Nichols, 31, revealed in December that she had given birth to a baby boy, Theo, after having an affair with the NBA star while he was still dating Khloe. He had initially denied that the child was his, but later apologised publicly to Khloe after a paternity test proved he was the father. Chatting with momager Kris Jenner and younger sister Kendall Jenner on the show, Khloe packs up belongings into removal boxes and seals them with tape. She told viewers: ‘I wanted to believe that Tristan could change. I wanted to trust him.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim and Khloe Kardashian look out of this world in space age silver swimwear as they enjoy tropical getaway MORE : Khloe Kardashian ‘happy in new relationship’ but Tristan Thompson wants her back 