A former Tory MP who quit after watching porn in the Commons has confessed he had to have an awkward conversation with his wife when he was exposed as the shamed politician. But Neil Parish said his partner already knew ‘I’m no angel’, adding: ‘She chases me around the kitchen with scissors saying “snipper snap”. And we all know what bit of my anatomy she’s after.’ The Conservative was criticised on social media this morning after doing a ‘car crash’ interview on Lorraine, in which he admitted he watched the sexual content at work ‘because I got bored’. Acknowledging he had switched to porn after looking up tractors, he insisted the two were ‘linked’ online, adding: ‘I know people make fun of me, I’m the tractor-porn man, but I promise you that was the case. My mistake was looking at it a second time.’ Offering his take on the Chris Pincher scandal currently plaguing the Tory Party, he also accused Boris Johnson of ‘telling fibs’ about his knowledge of the alleged behaviour of the former deputy chief whip. He then told a shocked Lorraine and thousands of viewers ‘it’s about trust and integrity’. When asked why he didn’t come forward as the MP who watched porn at work straight away, Mr Parish replied: ‘I would freely admit that I was trying to pretend it hadn’t happened. ‘But also, I was hoping I’d be able to sort it out, whether rightly or wrongly apologise. It would have never happened again, as you can imagine. ‘So I’m not justifying it again and I was right to resign, but that was a key and that’s why I was hoping. ‘But in the end, talking with my wife, who’s been hugely supportive with me over the years, she knows I’m no angel. ‘In fact, she chases me around the kitchen with scissors saying “snipper snap”. And we all know what bit of my anatomy she’s after. So she knows what I’m like.’ Clearly taken aback, Lorraine then asked how the conversation with his wife went. Acknowledging it was difficult, he replied: ‘She’s been hugely supportive. ‘She came up with me all the 12 years I was here in Parliament, helped me in the office, trying to keep me on time – people who know me, “the late Neil Parish” was always my name. ‘She’s done so much with me, so naturally on the morning I decided to resign, it was her advice I took, it was my son and daughter’s very sound advice. ‘In the end do you sort of twist and turn, do you tell lots of fibs? Or do you go reasonably cleanly? And I decided to go cleanly.’ Mr Parish believes Mr Johnson should take some responsibility for the conduct of his MPs as Mr Pincher resigns after allegedly drunkenly assaulting two men. Ministers have publicly defended the Tory leader, stressing that he was not aware of any specific allegations against Mr Pincher, who reportedly denies all claims. ‘A little bit of that, and also dear Boris is good on the big things, on vaccines, on Ukraine, on seeing down the murderous Russians, but you see it’s about trust and integrity’, Mr Parish said on Monday. ‘This latest thing with Christopher Pincher, one day he says “well I didn’t know what his behaviour was like” and then you’ve got Dominic Cummings saying “he used to say Pincher by name, Pincher by nature, that was his nickname for him”. ‘I love Boris to bits in many ways but why tell a fib when you know full well 24 hours later, it’s going to be refuted? When lots of MPs and the public are worried about the prime minister.’ It comes as the Conservative Party is hit by a series of scandals relating to sexual misconduct. In April, ex-Wakefield MP Imran Ahmad Khan was jailed for 18 months for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy. Another unnamed Tory MP has been told by whips to stay away from Parliament after being arrested on suspicion of rape and other offences. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.