A number of errors were identified in the build-up to a police operation during which police fatally shot a man, an inquiry has ruled. Jermaine Baker, an unarmed father-of-two, was gunned down by a firearms officer in London in December 2015. He was shot while sitting in a stolen Audi outside Wood Green Crown Court where a gang leader, Izzet Heren, was due for a hearing. Police swooped in because they believed he and other conspirators were about to try and free the dangerous prisoner from a van. An armed Met Officer, referred to only as W80, shot Mr Baker when he believed he was reaching for a gun. Officers later found an imitation firearm in the vehicle but it transpired he was not armed with a real weapon. A long-running investigation has found he was ‘lawfully killed’ but said there had been a litany of failings in the planning of the operation. Inquiry chairman His Honour Clement Goldstone QC said the death should ‘serve as a loud wake-up call’ to whoever comes in as the force’s new commissioner. He said: ‘I conclude that, when W80 shot Mr Baker, he held an honest and genuine belief that Mr Baker was moving in order to reach for the firearm.’ Mr Baker’s mother, Margaret Smith, said her son was ‘no angel’, but that he ‘should have gone to prison’ rather than be fatally shot, and called on the inquiry chairman to consider whether her son being black could have been a factor in him being killed. But Mr Goldstone said he ‘found no evidence to support a finding that race played any part in Mr Baker’s death’. He also said that W80’s ‘overall credibility’ as a witness ‘remained largely intact’. The inquiry found senior offices had an ‘obsessive’ fixation with bringing down the violent Tottenham Turks gang, which led to poor planning. The judge said: ‘Whilst this may have been a laudable objective, it should not have been something that was allowed to go ahead at virtually any cost and to the exclusion of proper and meaningful risk assessments and safety considerations, as well as compliance with protocols. ‘There can be no doubt that sustained public protection was the prime objective of this operation; the safety of the public was not – and it should have been.’ The inquiry found officers had not fully taken account of intelligence the men in the car had failed to obtain a real gun. It also said officers harboured ‘delusional’ ideas about the impact of the operation, when in reality it would only have led to the arrest of ‘small fry’. The Metropolitan Police said the way it plans and carries out armed operations has changed since 2015, and that it will take time to consider the inquiry’s findings. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.