Cameron Diaz and Benji Madden piled on the PDA as they watched Adele perform at American Express presents BST Hyde Park. The loved up couple – who got married in 2015 and welcomed their daughter Raddix into the world in December 2019 – typically strive to keep their love life private, but they weren’t shy as they soaked up the atmosphere at the huge outdoor show in London on Friday night. Cameron and Benji were spotted in the VIP section for the gig, laughing along as they enjoyed a night out together. They both kept things casual for the evening of live music, with the 49-year-old actress sporting a long black coat and red trainers. Meanwhile, her man was seen in a MDDN hoodie, which is the artist management brand he started with Good Charlotte bandmate and twin brother Joel Madden seven years ago. The pair were clearly in good spirits, smiling and snogging their way through a fantastic set from the Hello hitmaker. Their public appearances comes after Cameron recently announced plans to make a return to acting in a new Netflix comedy with Jamie Foxx. The actress – known for big screen roles in the likes of The Holiday, The Mask, Charlie’s Angels and There’s Something About Mary – confirmed her retirement in 2018, but her husband has been a huge force in her reversing that decision. Speaking to People, an insider revealed the rock star ‘is very excited’ for his wife and actually ‘encouraged her to un-retire’. The source said that her upcoming venture is ‘the perfect movie project’ for her return, as she has ‘worked with Jamie in the past and had a blast’, and added: ‘She feels a bit rusty and nervous about it, but mostly excited. She is ready to tackle this movie project.’ Cameron previously revealed her decision to step out of the spotlight was inspired by a desire to focus on other parts of her life. ‘When you do something at a really high level for a long period of time, when you’re the person that is delivering one thing, you’re the person on the screen, all parts of you that isn’t that has to sort of be handed off to other people,’ she said on his Hart to Heart podcast. ‘For my personal, spiritual self, I was realising that that one part of me that functioned at a high level wasn’t enough. ‘I just looked around and there were so many parts of my life that I wasn’t touching and that I wasn’t managing, and I couldn’t really manage, because everything was so massive.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cameron Diaz is back! Iconic actress is coming out of retirement for Netflix comedy with Jamie Foxx MORE : Cameron Diaz and husband Benji Madden carry daughter through JFK airport in rare sighting of family together 