If you’re looking for ways to inject a little bit of luxury into your life, you don’t have to rely entirely on elaborate budgeting hacks or hard-to-find coupon codes. As one TikTok user has made clear, you just have to look hard enough – or keep track of his videos. Bryan, who posts under the username bryanmundjr, has a series of videos he calls ‘Affordable Luxury’, in which he shows his followers a range of the cheapest high-end designer offerings. He also talks through how to get free shipping and what free samples are included where applicable. From compact mirrors and notebooks to lip balms and cardholders, Bryan’s finds are often on the smaller side, making them great gifts for others. Or for you, if you feel like treating yourself to a little something. In one clip, Bryan unboxes a Chanel compact mirror, which came with two free samples, that he said he planned on using as a secret Santa gift for a friend. Not including shipping, which was free, he said it cost him $42 (£35). Buy for £32 from Boots. Another Affordable Luxury find was a very pretty Christian Dior notebook for $85 (£71). He opted for the raspberry pink one, and showed off the golden edges of the pages. Buy for £71 from Dior One of his Gucci finds, a transparent lip balm, came with a very cute mini tote bag. It cost $42 (£35), which he did concede is a bit spenny for a lip balm, but, as he put it: ‘You only get one face, so it’s worth splurging on if you ask me. ‘And you feel like a total baddie when you pull it out of your bag and put it on.’ Buy for £35 from Harrods A little box of 12 Hermès nail files, which Bryan said he planned on using as a stocking stuffer, cost $45 (£37). Again, at face value, that’s a lot for some emery boards, but we can see something like this really elevating a loved one’s Christmas haul. Buy for £42 from John Lewis. One of our favourite finds of Bryan’s was a Coach card wallet, which he said was going to be a gift for his boyfriend’s mother. The tan wallet was covered in the brand’s horse and carriage print, and it cost a mere $27 (£22). While he got this one in person from a Coach outlet store, a similar offering you can buy in the UK costs £75 and comes in black and carnation pink. Buy for £75 from John Lewis. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Here’s how to make Hailey Bieber’s TikTok famous strawberry glaze skin smoothie MORE : Gucci launches luxury pet products going for eye-watering prices MORE : This Zara blazer is a dead ringer for Marge Simpson’s iconic Chanel suit