Russell Crowe is reliving his time on Gladiator with a visit to Rome – but he’s already faced some criticism. The actor, who famously starred as gladiator Maximus, returned to the site of Sir Ridley Scott’s iconic 2000 film to show his family (and presumably have another ‘Are you not entertained?’ moment) – but he’s been accused of flouting the Sistine Chapel’s rules against photography. Russell, 58, delightedly shared photos of the Sistine Chapel, sharing what a special experience it was to see the historic site. ‘I’m not sure there’s a more special privilege in the world than to hold the key for the Sistine Chapel and to experience it’s glory in silence. So grateful. Sono al servicio di Roma [I am in the service of Rome],’ he said. On the rules and regulations page for the Vatican Tickets website (which also covers the Sistine Chapel), it says: ‘Photography is prohibited in the Sistine Chapel. Using mobile phones is forbidden in the Sistine Chapel.’ However, it’s possible that the rules didn’t extend to Russell’s visit, as it seems he was taken on a special tour, due to the chapel being so empty during his visit. One commenter, who was taken on an ‘exclusive tour’ of the chapel, said they recalled photo opportunities even being encouraged on that specific tour. Nevertheless, some have taken issue with the actor’s post, with one responding: ‘So, the church gives privileges to rich and famous people why the plebs have to queue and swelter in the heat. Never mind taking photos.’ ‘Did you get special permission to take photos at Sistine Chapel?’ another asked, while one more said: ‘I guess one of the perks of defeating the Emperor in the Colosseum, is taking photos in the Sistine Chapel.’ However, another commenter recalled their experience saying: ‘I took the “exclusive” tour at 6 am. We opened the windows and shutters and turned on lights. Walked the original Bramante staircase which is normally closed off from the public. The key masters even gave us the keys for photo opps.’ Elsewhere during his trip, Russell had an emotional moment taking his mother through the Vatican Museum, as it holds memories of his father for her. Fans were also delighted when he revealed he’d showed his kids his ‘old office’, aka the Colosseum, after he won an Oscar for his role in Gladiator two decades ago. Russell continued his tour with the Trevi Fountain, describing it as one of his ‘favourite places in the universe’. The actor, who most recently starred as Zeus in Thor: Love and Thunder, starred alongside Connie Nielsen and Joaquin Phoenix in Gladiator, which followed a former Roman General sent into slavery who seeks revenge against the emperor who murdered his family. While Russell picked up the best actor Oscar, the film was awarded best picture – and in recent years, there’s been talk of a sequel (despite Russell’s character being killed off in the original). Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Russell Crowe for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gladiator star Russell Crowe takes kids to see his ‘old office’ and are they not entertained? MORE : Thor: Love and Thunder teaser trailer offers first official glimpses of Jane Foster’s The Mighty Thor and Russell Crowe as Zeus 