A plane has gone off the end of a runway during landing at Cardiff Airport, reportedly leaving flights cancelled, delayed and diverted. Travellers faced fresh chaos today when the runway was closed for about an hour on Sunday. No one was injured in the incident, which took place around 1.30pm, and the plane is still intact. But a Wizz Air flight from Cardiff Airport to Larnaca was later cancelled, passengers claim. The incident was named ‘a shambles’ after the journey was delayed by several hours earlier. Passengers arriving in Cardiff on a Wizz Air flight from Corfu were also left frustrated when they were sent to Bristol instead. They landed an hour late before being forced to sit on the runway for nearly two hours, Wales Online reports. One person on Twitter said: ‘On Wizz Air flight from Corfu. Was supposed to land at 1330 in Cardiff. ‘Currently waiting on Tarmac in Bristol. Apparently we’re waiting to refuel and get a new landing slot in Cardiff. Due to leave soon.’ Another asked: ‘#WizzAir do we get compensation for the extra beer we had to buy at airport prices.’ A spokeswoman from Cardiff Airport said: ‘At 1335 today, 3 rd of July, a light aircraft had an incident on landing at Cardiff Airport. ‘The aircraft went off the end of the runway, resulting in the airfield being closed for just under an hour. ‘Both the pilot and aircraft are fine with no injuries sustained and the aircraft remaining intact. ‘The Department for Transport & Air Accidents Investigation Branch were notified and permission was received for the aircraft to be moved to safety from the end of the runway, allowing the airport to re-open our runway at 14h30. ‘Disruption has been limited to one Wizz Air flight diverting to Bristol and some minor delays to operations for the afternoon. ‘We are expecting all other activities to return to normal as soon as possible.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Cardiff Airport and Wizz Air for further information. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.