The British teenager arrested on suspicion of making a false bomb threat on a packed easyJet plane has been banned from leaving Spain following his first court appearance. The 18-year-old was hauled before a judge in the Menorcan capital Mahon by two armed police officers on Tuesday morning so he could be handed over to a judge for questioning. A woman identified as his mum waited at the entrance to greet him after reportedly flying out to the sunshine island following his arrest on Sunday. The unnamed teen is thought to have been wearing the same blue shorts and green T-shirt he was arrested in when flight EZY8303 landed in Menorca after being given a Spanish military jet escort. He was released on €10,000 (£8,600) bail – but ordered to stay in Spain and report to court every fortnight as part of the conditions attached. A judicial source said: ‘The investigating judge in charge of Mahon Court of Instruction number two has released on €10,000 bail the young man arrested over a false bomb alert on the plane that landed on Sunday in Menorca. ‘The judge has confiscated his passport, banned him from leaving Spain and told him to report periodically to court.’ The judge who took the decision has been named as Belen Velazquez. It is understood the unnamed teenager has been given five days to find the money he needs to deposit with the court. An unconfirmed local report said the island judge had passed the case over to the Madrid-based Audiencia Nacional Court in Madrid, because it revolved around an issue of national security. Reports after he was held said the teen could face a bill running into the thousands to cover the scrambling of the Spanish Airforce F18 fighter jet as well as the police operation involving the mobilisation of specialist officers and sniffer dogs to check out the aircraft. The youngster was part of a group of friends who had travelled to the Mediterranean holiday island for a celebration. The alarm was sounded as the easyJet plane was near to landing just before 5pm on Sunday. Video footage showed it being escorted by the Spanish fighter jet before it reached its destination. A local Menorcan daily claimed that Scotland Yard and the French police detected the alleged bomb threat on an unidentified social network and alerted Spanish cops. A spokesman for the Civil Guard confirmed on Monday: ‘The Civil Guard has arrested an 18-year-old British national as the alleged author of a public order offence in Mahon in Menorca. ‘On Sunday, the control tower at Menorca Airport was alerted to a bomb threat on a plane heading from London to the island capital Mahon which was still in the air and nearing the airport. ‘The threat was said to have been sent on a social media platform. Once the plane landed it was taken to an area away from the main terminal and other aircraft. ‘The Civil Guard organised a special operation which consisted of mobilising bomb disposal experts as well as sniffer dogs and other officers who created a safe perimeter around the plane. ‘The passengers were disembarked, and established protocol followed until police were able to confirm it was a false bomb threat and the person responsible was identified on social media along with five other companions as witnesses. ‘They were taken to a police station so officers could clarify the situation.’ Police sources confirmed ahead of the teenager’s court appearance he was likely to have to pick up the tab for the police operation if he were convicted of any crime. Passengers were reportedly kept on the tarmac for four hours while the plane was checked out. The easyJet plane is understood to have touched down around half an hour late, at 4.45pm local time on Sunday. The incident reportedly led to a Ryanair plane leaving two and half hours late to London. Tuesday’s court hearing was taking place behind closed doors as is normal in Spain where only trials are held in public. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.