A mother has slammed the sentence given to a man who threw her autistic son into a wheelie bin. Jordan Scott, 24, claimed he put Maverick Bond, eight, into a bin as a joke before beating up his older brother Jason Clemance, 19. His mum Rachel, who filmed the attack, said the family is now so scared that they’ve had to move out of their home in Blackburn. Jason suffered cuts across his face and body following the attack in Blackburn but Bond got away with 100 hours off community service and a legal bill of just over £200. Rachel said: ‘It kills me every day that this happened to my boys – my children. Now we have such amazing neighbours and live in a lovely area. ‘I’m just upset that we had all this evidence from the doorbell camera, and it didn’t make a bit of difference with his sentencing – it’s sickening. ‘I’m heartbroken at the sentence he received as bullies like him deserve more, but now the truth is out there, I just want to get on trying to build mine and my children’s lives. ‘My sons were already suffering because of other things that have happened in their lives, which people in the street knew about, including Jordan Scott. ‘So putting my eight-year-old in a bin, who is such a beautiful soul, brought all the past memories back, and he couldn’t understand why someone could do that to a person that wouldn’t hurt a fly. ‘He still has nightmares now. Jordan Scott is just a down-right bully. ‘As for Jason, he started getting angry and more depressed following the attack and moved out as soon as Jordan Scott moved back in next door with his girlfriend. ‘Jason did nothing to deserve that attack. He’s only ever been hit once before, and my boys aren’t fighters. ‘I so wish I had brought them up that way, to defend themselves from men like Jordan Scott.’ Rachel said Scott was only sentenced so quickly because of the speedy actions of her other son Codi, who was 12 at the time of the attack. She said: ‘On that night, Codi, my other son, he kept opening and shutting the door so we could get it on the camera. ‘That’s what he did every time he felt unsafe. It wasn’t fair, and it wasn’t fair the fact all the kids in the street saw it.’ The family have now been forced to move away from the area because of the trauma of the incident. She said: ‘He was getting bullied by some of the kids, and the bullying got worse, so he felt intimidated. ‘He still goes on about it to this day – he was getting hit, they would taunt him. ‘He is such a loving-natured child, and I’m not just saying that because he’s my son, he would help anyone. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.