Davide Sanclimenti finally said the three little words Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu (and viewers at home) were waiting to hear: ‘I love you.’ On their romantic final date, which saw a musical performance from Alfie Boe, the pair shared tears, kisses and emotional words after the highly-anticipated moment was finally reached. The pair, who have had their fair share of drama across the series, are favourites to win this year, after constantly being drawn back towards each other after explosive rows. Their rollercoaster relationship reached a high a few days ago, after the Italian Stallion gave the Turkish soap star a romantic gesture in the form of a tiramisu, and last night, seemed to intensify even further after fans spotted them getting ‘freaky’ under the sheets. And tonight, their relationship reached a whole new level. ‘We’ve been through such a horrible but hard but also very passionate journey,’ Ekin-Su began. ‘It’s not been easy, not even for me because usually I don’t give a second chance but when I saw that you cared about me, and wanted a second chance, I saw that this woman really wants me, she’s really interested in me, so I felt like I need to put my ego aside and give her a second chance,’ Davide replied. She continued: ‘You have the most kind heart that I’ve known,’ as he added: ‘I feel like I’ve already one, because I found the person that I wanted,’ before saying: ‘The past days I really look forward to go out with you because I feel like we will enjoy everyday. ‘I always felt you are not just beautiful, you are very clever and strong. You know what you want.’ ‘I feel like I found the genuine connection I was looking for, I feel like it’s the right moment to tell you that I genuinely love you,’ he said. Ekin-Su (and the rest of the nation) were left in tears, before the couple were serenaded by Alfie (who Ekin-Su later admitted she had no idea who he was). As they danced together in the romantic setting, she replied the three little words back to him in Italian, before bursting into even more tears. ‘My best date that I have ever had in my life,’ Davide later gushed to the boys. ‘It’s made me especially say everything I wanted to say recently that I couldn’t, and that was the right moment,’ Ekin-Su added. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne makes subtle dig at Jacques O’Neill during romantic date with Adam Collard MORE : Tasha Ghouri’s dad says Love Island’s Andrew Le Page ‘looking like son-in-law material’ after heartfelt speech on her ‘superpower’ 