Archie Battersbee’s life support is set to end tomorrow afternoon despite an intervention from the United Nations (UN). The 12-year-old boy, left in a comatose state after suffering brain damage, is set to have his treatment from Barts Health NHS Trust end at 2pm. His mother Hollie Dance has written an urgent appeal to the Government, pleading with the Health Secretary to ‘act immediately’ to keep her son alive. But the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel, east London, has confirmed it will go ahead with plans to end Archie’s care. The letter to his parents said that ‘all fluid infusions, medications, including vasopressin will be stopped’. It follows a High Court judge ruling that ending treatment is in his best interests, after reviewing evidence. Yet Ms Dance and Paul Battersbee, the youngster’s parents – who are separated but both live in Southend, Essex – asked the UN to intervene in a ‘last-ditch’ application. And the international body said it had written to the British Government asking for Archie’s life support to remain on until its committee had considered the case. His parents are pleading with the hospital to comply with the request. The UN Committee On The Rights Of Persons With Disabilities wrote to Archie’s parents that it had ‘requested the state party [the UK] to refrain from withdrawing life-preserving medical treatment, including mechanical ventilation and artificial nutrition and hydration, from the alleged victim while the case is under consideration by the committee’. It added: ‘This request does not imply that any decision has been reached on the substance of the matter under consideration.’ The family said stopping treatment would be in breach of the UK’s obligations under international human rights law. The letter from the hospital sent over the weekend, reads: ‘We understand that any discussions around the withdrawal of Archie’s treatment are very difficult and painful. ‘However, we want to ensure that you and your family are involved as much as you wish to be.’ Ms Dance and Mr Battersbee will be told on Monday morning how the withdrawal process is to be performed, with the aim to ‘preserve Archie’s dignity’. The letter went on: ‘You or any of the family may wish to lie on Archie’s bed with him or have him in your arms, if that should be practically possible.’ Court of Appeal judges declined to overturn the High Court ruling and Supreme Court justices have refused to intervene. Judges in London heard that Ms Dance found Archie unconscious with a ligature over his head on April 7. She thinks he might have been taking part in an online challenge. The youngster has not regained consciousness. Writing to Health Secretary Stephen Barclay, his mother said: ‘If this happens, this will be an extraordinary cruelty, and a flagrant breach of Archie’s rights as a disabled person. ‘Archie is entitled to have the decisions about his life and death, taken by the NHS and UK courts, to be scrutinised by an international human rights body. Hastening his death to prevent that would be completely unacceptable. ‘I trust that you will now act immediately, as a member of the Government responsible for the NHS, to ensure that this does not happen, and our country honours its obligations under the international human rights treaties which we have signed and ratified.’ Archie’s parents, who are being supported by campaign organisation the Christian Legal Centre, asked hospital bosses to continue treatment until the UN has considered the case. Doctors treating Archie think he is brain-stem dead and say continued life-support treatment is not in his best interests. Alistair Chesser, chief medical officer for Barts Health NHS Trust, said on Friday that ‘further delay’ in starting to provide ‘palliative care’ to Archie would ‘not be appropriate’ without a court order. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: ‘We recognise this is an exceptionally difficult time for Archie Battersbee’s family and our thoughts are with them. ‘We have received the letter and will respond in due course.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Archie Battersbee’s parents fail to persuade Supreme Court to intervene in hospital fight