Oprah Winfrey’s dad Vernon has died aged 88 after a battle with cancer. The TV presenter took to Instagram to share the sad news, writing: ‘Vernon Winfrey 1933-2022 ‘Less than a week ago we honored my father in his own backyard. ‘My friend and gospel singer Wintley Phipps saluted him with song. ‘He FELT the love and reveled in it until he could no longer speak. ‘Yesterday with family surrounding his bedside I had the sacred honor of witnessing the man responsible for my life, take his last breath. ‘We could feel Peace enter the room at his passing. ‘That Peace still abides. All is well. Thank you for your prayers and good thoughts.’ Accompanying her heartfelt caption, the 68-year-old shared the video of her father being honoured with the gospel. Fans and friends rushed to the comments to share their support for Oprah’s loss, sending their condolences and love. Only a few days ago, on July 4, Oprah had celebrated Independence Day with her father and their loved ones. She had organised a ‘Vernon Winfrey Appreciation Day’, thanking him for his work as elected city councillor. She shared their barbeque celebration event on Instagram, penning: ‘Giving my father his “flowers” while he’s still well enough to smell them. Happy 4th of July as you gather with your family and friends. Remember to celebrate each other.’ In the clip, she shared: ‘My father is ill, so we wanted to be able to have all of his friends come and celebrate him while he’s able to receive the joy. So that’s what we’re doing.’ In an Oprah Daily article about the party, Oprah revealed the details of the surprise party, and said to him in her speech: ‘I learned from your good work ethic, showing up, being on time—that is why for 25 years of The Oprah Show, I never missed a show.’ Oprah had previously shared her close relationship with her father, and on one instalment of her daily talk show from 1992, she took the cameras to her hometown to visit his barber show. Oprah’s mother Vernita Lee died in 2018 at the age of 83, on Thanksgiving Day, leaving behind Oprah and her sister Patricia Amanda Faye Lee, as well as grandchildren and great grandchildren. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andy Murray shares heartbreak as beloved family dog dies: ‘This really hurts’ MORE : The Sopranos cast lead tributes to ‘irreplaceable’ Tony Sirico following actor’s death aged 79 