Attention, all those who like their property porn with a bit of spice. Here’s a dream home that’s a bit different from all your usual Victorian terraces or luxury penthouses. In Benfleet, Essex, sits a 90ft tall water tower, constructed in 1903. Once upon a time, this tower was used for water storage. Then, in 1957, it was taken out of action, and has since been turned into a four-bedroom house spread over six floors. And it’s now on the market for £2.1million. It retains a distinctive blue staircase from its working days – though an elevator is available to help with the 90-foot climb. A four-bed apartment – spread over the fourth, fifth and sixth floors – offers panoramic views reaching as far as Tower Bridge and Southend Pier. As you enter the fourth floor, you are led into the kitchen and diner, which has oak-fitted units and built-in appliances, plus the living space. Up a spiral staircase is the main bedroom suite, complete with a dressing room, plus a second bedroom and a family bathroom. Go up once again to the sixth floor and you’ll find the third bedroom, plus another room that could be used as a fourth bed or a home office. All of these have great views of the countryside, and below the apartment bit is an office space that can be rented out by the new owner, located on the ground, first, and second floors. Estate agent Bradleys Countrywide, which is marketing the tower, predicts that the rented office space could earn £162,000 each year. Jay Wainwright, manager at Bradleys Countrywide, said: ‘We have dealt with the Benfleet Water Tower for many years, and we are delighted that the vendors have chosen Bradleys Countrywide as their agents to market this unique property. ‘This is one of the most well-known and recognised buildings within the Castle Point area and offers a purchaser the chance to own a unique and prestigious building with such history. ‘The property produces a substantial rental income from office tenants on the ground, first and second floors and Global Blu-chip communication companies via the rooftop. ‘The penthouse apartment has a surprisingly spacious feel, and the views are as far-reaching as Tower Bridge. ‘Perhaps the best asset to the 90-foot-tall building is the lift.’ Fancy putting in an offer? You can find out more through the Rightmove listing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : Gin company looks to pay a taster while putting them up in a Scottish castle MORE : Secret cave under Welsh castle holds 10,000-year-old secrets