James Corden is definitely making the most of his time back in the UK, now enjoying a boys night out with Chelsea owner Todd Boehly. The Gavin and Stacey creator, who this year announced he would be stepping back as host of the Late Late Show, seems to be having a well-earned break after returning to the UK. Enjoying dinner at Scott’s restaurant in Mayfair, James, 43, and Todd, 48, could be seen in peals of laughter. At one point, James could be seen pointing at Todd as he giggled sheepishly, while another shot showed Todd grinning at something on James’ phone. The friends were also snapped strolling out and about, with the pair of them rocking casual outfits. Fans recently speculated that James, who has also been enjoying events like BST Hyde Park this summer, is secretly working on Gavin and Stacey. However, speaking out on the beloved series, which returned for a one-off Christmas special in 2019, James poured a whole load of doubt on the whole thing. The comeback special won the Impact Award at the 2020 National Television Awards, and star Joanna Page is raring to film another episode, sooner rather than later. As always though, it’s not a definite thing, with writer and actor James saying it was ‘a big if’. ‘I wish I could say it’s up to me,’ he told Vernon Kay on BBC Radio 2. ‘The best thing about Gavin & Stacey is that it’s Ruth and I, and, if I’m being completely honest, her judgement is exceptional. ‘I realise the ending of that special does very definitely tease something else. It’s always been the two of us, it’s always been, and we can’t write separately. ‘We’ve never been able to write over Zoom or anything at all. We’ve just got to be in a room together, talking with a pack of Post-It Notes and a pen, and at some point we get a laptop out, but that’s even way down the line – and she just always knows. ‘I trust her so much. She is, I think, a genius… I would be excited just to be in a room with her. I’m going to see her this summer, but I doubt we’ll talk about the show.’ The Late, Late Show host went on to say that the last few times he and Ruth had spoken ‘we haven’t even mentioned it’ as their relationship is always a ‘friendship first’. So, what James is set to get up to after the Late Late Show remains a mystery for now – although if some absolutely savage fans get their way, he won’t get anywhere near Eurovision when it hits the UK next year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘Fuming’ James Corden ‘rows with cyclist after falling off Boris bike’ in London MORE : Adele stuns at long-awaited Hyde Park concert watched by Tom Cruise, James Corden and her son Angelo 