Game of Thrones writer George RR Martin has slammed the ‘toxic internet’ over the backlash to the series’ eighth season finale. Speaking ahead of the release of the upcoming prequel House of the Dragon, set 300 years before the hit fantasy series, Martin reflected on the reaction to the finale of the original series. Game of Thrones finished back in 2019, with the final season ending with the Iron Throne destroyed, Sansa Stark ruling the North while Arya Stark travelled West, Bran Stark elected as the new King of Westeros and Jon Snow exiled beyond the Wall. However, the finale saw immense backlash from fans, and there was even petitions circulating to have season eight remade, with one receiving more than 1.8million signatures. But now, Martin has slammed ‘toxic internet’ culture, telling The Hollywood Reporter: ‘The f*****g toxic internet and these podcasts out there saying that season eight left such a bad impression that people say, “Oh, I’m never going to watch them again.” ‘I don’t trust them anymore.’ HBO Max content chief Casey Bloys added: ‘It was a social media backlash. ‘I think in multiple parts of our society, we are reminding ourselves that Twitter is not real life. ‘We knew it was going to be divisive and, of course, you want all fans to be happy, but that’s never going to happen. ‘There weren’t a lot of people walking around despondent or upset. It’s a take that reads well but probably doesn’t fully reflect viewer feelings.’ Ahead of the new House of the Dragon series airing, Martin has reassured fans that they ‘will not be disappointed’ with the epic new fantasy. Set 300 years before the events of Game Of Thrones, the series will follow the Targaryen family history, starting right at the formation of Westeros. The series is adapted from Martin’s book Fire and Blood, which ends with a massive battle nicknamed The Dance of the Dragons – caused by an inter-family civil war. Writing on his website, he said: ‘I’ve seen a rough cut of the first episode. And loved it. It’s dark, it’s powerful, it’s visceral… just the way I like my epic fantasy.’ He also praised showrunners Ryan Condal and Miguel Sopochnik for doing an ‘amazing job’. ‘Just as with Game of Thrones, most viewers will only have heard of a few of the actors, but I think you are going to fall in love with a lot of them. (Only to have your heart broken later when… but no, that would be telling),’ he added. ‘I think the Targaryens are in very good hands. Anticipate away. I do not think you will be disappointed.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Game of Thrones creator George R R Martin cancels House of the Dragon Comic-con appearance over Covid fears: ‘I am a tad anxious’ MORE : House of the Dragon’s Steve Toussaint responds to racist abuse from toxic Game of Thrones fans: ‘I can’t allow that to bother me’ 