A British man who was killed by a helicopter tail rotor while on holiday in Greece has been named. The Oxford Brookes University student, named as Jack Fenton, didn’t know the propeller was still spinning when he headed towards the back of the aircraft in Spata, near Athens. Investigators suggested the 22-year-old ‘broke away’ from his group after being escorted to a a private lounge and returned to the tarmac to take a selfie. ‘All four passengers had disembarked and were escorted to a private lounge awaiting a private flight for London,’ said Ioannis Kandyllis, president of Greece’s committee for aviation accidents probing the incident. ‘But as they were in the lounge the victim broke away and returned to the tarmac rushing to the helicopter at a fast pace. ‘Witnesses we spoke to said he was had a phone to his ear and was walking fast to the aircraft, defying ground crew shouting to him “Stop!,’Stop!” ‘Within seconds the tragic accident occurred. It was horrific.’ Initially, it was believed Jack’s parents were in another helicopter on its way to the same spot following a flight from Mykonos but it was later revealed he had been holidaying with friends. Police have now arrested three people over the tragedy that took place at about 6.20pm last night. The pilot and two ground technicians at the helipad were held for questioning and will appear before a public prosecutor later today, according to a state news agency. But Mr Kandyllis stressed that all safety regulations were followed in the landing and then the disembarkation of the four passengers. Jack’s mum Victoria told the Daily Mail the family had only found out what happened at 10pm last night. His parents had stayed in Kent, while the victim travelled abroad with the group to celebrate a joint birthday. ‘We are completely devastated. He was the most wonderful boy,’ she said. ‘I think the pilot is in custody, but it was the most horrible of accidents by the looks of it.’ She added: ‘Jack and his friends had got a helicopter from Athens to Mykonos without any problems and so did the same again, they got a helicopter from Mykonos back to Athens. ‘He had got off safely when it landed in Athens but for some reason went back behind the helicopter and it was the rear propeller which killed him. It was instant.’ The Foreign Office did not confirm the identity of the victim but a spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘We are supporting the family of a British man who has died in Greece and are in contact with the local authorities.’ Emergency services rushed to the private helipad on the outskirts of the Greek capital but it is thought that the young man died instantly. Investigators are now probing the circumstances of the tragedy and why Jack exited the aircraft while the rotors were still spinning. His dad Miguel is head of marketing, sales and PR at The Hop Farm, a 400-acre country park and visitor attraction in Beltring, near Tonbridge, Kent. A spokesperson at the Hop Farm said: ‘This is a personal matter, nothing to do with the business and we have no comment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.