Charles Bronson, one of the UK’s most infamous and longest serving prisoners, has said ‘this is my time now’ as he looks forward to his next parole hearing – potentially the first to ever take place in public. Now 69, he has spent the vast majority of the last 50 years behind bars, with much of that time either in solitary confinement or specialist units. Bronson, who changed his name in 2014 to Charles Salvador after the artist Salvador Dali, has been fighting to have his upcoming parole review hearing take place in public. Writing to Metro.co.uk from the high-security estate at HMP Woodhill in Milton Keynes, he said he ‘probably deserves a good 30 years caged up’ but called the past 20 years ‘nothing but revenge’. Bronson previously predicted he would be free before his 70th birthday at the end of this year, saying he intends to ‘smash his way to the top of the art world and live a nice, simple, happy, honest life’. Last month, the Parole Board announced that from July 21 anyone will be able to apply for a parole hearing to be held in public – with the Board making the final decision. The move was intended to open the system up to victims as part of efforts to boost transparency and public confidence after public outcry at the decision to release double child killer Colin Pitchfork from jail and the London taxi driver rapist John Worboys. Although no date has been set for Bronson’s next parole hearing, he too will finally be able to apply for it to be held in public in the coming weeks. He told Metro: ‘There is no more sweeping my case under the mat. ‘I’ve nothing to hide from the media or public. It’s this vindictive system that runs from the truth. ‘I’m the first to admit I probably deserve a good 30 years caged up and all the brutality against me. ‘But this last 20 years has been nothing but revenge – to make an example of a man they forever label an out of control lunatic. ‘This is my time now.’ The Parole Board said it is unable to accept applications for hearings to be held in public until the law changes on July 21. The Ministry of Justice declined to comment. Bronson gained notoriety after he was first locked up for armed robbery in 1974 and his sentence kept being increased following attacks on guards and fellow inmates. After a brief stint of freedom in the 1980s he was jailed again for plotting another raid. The 1990s saw some of his most infamous offences – including taking two Iraqi hijackers and another inmate hostage at the high-security Belmarsh Prison and insisting they call him ‘General’. Bronson told negotiators he would eat one of them before demanding a helicopter to Cuba, a cheese and pickle sandwich and an ice cream to end the stand-off. That came two years after he held a deputy prison governor hostage and one before he kidnapped an art teacher who criticised one of his paintings. Bronson was sentenced in 2000 to a discretionary life term with a minimum of four years for the latter offence. Writing in his book ‘Bronson’, published that same year, he said: ‘I’m a nice guy, but sometimes I lose all my senses and become nasty. That doesn’t make me evil, just confused.’ Tom Hardy played him in the 2008 biopic of the same name which is loosely based on the hardman’s life. Once dubbed Britain’s most violent prisoner, Bronson now spends his days exercising, writing poetry and painting. Among others, he has donated works to help raise money for a mum-of-five battling cancer, a disabled grandmother targeted by robbers and a charity helping people with spinal injuries. The Parole Board has reviewed Bronson’s case six times since the end of his latest minimum term in 2003, most recently refusing to direct his release following a hearing in November 2017. Parole hearings – which assess whether offenders such as those serving life sentences are fit for release – are typically held in private and often inside prisons, with victims and observers such as reporters being given limited access in rare circumstances. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.