Macy Gray issued a strong message to critics after making ‘transphobic’ comments on Piers Morgan Uncensored. The I Try singer, 54, was met with unwavering backlash after she told the TalkTV frontman that ‘just because you go change your [body] parts, doesn’t make you a woman, sorry.’ Asked to describe what a woman is, Gray said: ‘I’d say a human being with boobs. You have to start there. And a vagina! That’s getting confusing.’ During Monday’s instalment of his titular show, Morgan brought up the debate of trans people competing in sport, saying that while he ‘supports all trans rights to fairness and equality’ – to which Gray agreed – he doesn’t support trans women ‘thrashing the women at their sport’ when ‘born to obvious physical superior bodies’. Gray’s comments were met with intense scrutiny, including from Mighty Hoopla festival, which hosted the artist last month. Although the American musician issued an apology statement on social media yesterday, Gray decided not to mince her words in her latest tweet. She wrote: ‘All of you coming on my page, threatening me and calling me names – just becuz I said something you don’t agree with – be whatever you wana be, and fk off.’ After her sit-down with Morgan went viral, Gray clarified her comments made on social media on Tuesday. ‘i got nothing but love for  lgbt+ and transgender communities,’ she penned. ‘i’ve been a supporter since day one and never a fake one. ‘my statement on piers morgan was GROSSLY misunderstood.  i respect everyone’s right to be whoever they wana be.’ (sic) Having performed at Mighty Hoopla in June this year, the festival has released a statement condemning her remarks and expressing support for the trans community. ‘We are extremely disappointed by the comments made by Macy Gray on Piers Morgan’s Uncensored TalkTV,’ the statement read. Mighty Hoopla emphasised that ‘trans people and their bodies are not up for debate, and cis TV personalities and the channels that hire them need to stop discussing them on air’. The message concluded with the emphatic statement: ‘Mighty Hoopla will always stand with our trans family.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Macy Gray’s ‘insensitive and transphobic’ comments condemned by LGBT+ friendly festival a month after performance MORE : JK Rowling predictably vows to buy all of Macy Gray’s back catalogue after ‘transphobic’ remarks spark backlash 