As Britain records its hottest day on record, temperatures in the US have similarly reached disastrous highs, with no indication of dropping for the upcoming week. Heat alerts have been issued in over 20 states Tuesday, spanning parts of the Southern Plains and the Northeast. ‘Dangerous heat will continue to impact a large portion of the US this week, with now more than 100 million people under excessive heat warnings or heat advisories,’ the Weather Prediction Center said. That excessive heat is expected to persist for several days, likely continuing to place millions of Americans at risk of heat related illness over the coming days, according to the National Weather Service. Triple digit high temperatures are predicted for many parts of the Central and Southern Plains regions of the country this week, including the Southwest and parts of California. Temperatures in those areas could hit 110 degrees Fahrenheit (43 Celsius), possibly breaking records in parts of Oklahoma and Texas. Heat advisories have also been issued for cities along the East Coast, like New York, Boston and Washington, DC, where back-to-back days with temperatures over 90 degrees Fahrenheit are fairly common during the month of July. While the sweltering heat can be expected along the East Coast, the heat index in the affected cities may reach a startling 100 degrees, according to AccuWeather. While Europe battles its own major heatwave, US forecasters predict similar weather patterns will hit the northeast portion of the country. The upcoming heatwave is expected to impact New York City, among other cities in the Northeast. New York is expected to see the longest stretch of 90-degree days in nearly a decade, as is the city of Philadelphia in Pennsylvania, according to AccuWeather. The last time New York City had seven consecutive days with highs of 90 or greater was July 14 through 20 in 2013. Current high temperatures expected to remain in New York through Monday, July 25. New York’s longest heatwave, which totaled 12 days, began August 24 and ended September 4 in 1953, according to AccuWeather. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) defines a heat wave as ‘a period of unusually hot weather that typically lasts two or more days.’ Temperatures must also be outside of the historical averages for a given area in order to qualify as a heatwave. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.