ITV boss Kevin Lygo has said the broadcaster intends to ‘sit down and review’ Love Island after the current series comes to an end. The latest series, which has been hosted by Laura Whitmore, has been one of the most popular ever with fans and has enjoyed high ratings over the last seven weeks. However, while viewers have been loving the drama and fun of the ITV2 show, many have also flooded broadcasting watchdog Ofcom with complaints. In the last two weeks alone, over 5,000 viewers have got in touch with the regulator, to make known their feelings. Many of these related to alleged ‘misogynistic behaviour’ from some of the programme’s male islanders. During a media briefing for ITV’s interim financial results, Lygo, who is the managing director of ITV Studios commented that he is ‘very happy’ about ‘how well [this series] has done.’ When he was asked about the volume of complaints and whether there would be an editorial review, he confirmed they would ‘sit down and review’ the content. He said: ‘We continually assess a programme as it is going on because it is one of these odd every night live sort of shows. ‘But when the series comes to an end on Monday, we will always sit down and review what we think about it, what the reaction has been, how well it has done. ‘And we have to say this year, remember, it is the best one we have had in many years and I think everyone is thoroughly enjoying it. He went on to add: ‘To get five million people to watch a show every night at 9 o’clock is extraordinary in the modern era, so something is being done right. ‘But you are right, we must always look to improve and work on what we have done. But we are very happy with the way it has gone so far.’ ITV has also announced there will be two series of the show in 2023 – a winter series in South Africa and a summer series in Majorca. In May 2019, ITV released a new set of duty of care processes ahead of the fifth series, which was later won by Amber Gill and Greg O’Shea. They updated those processes for the most recent series and began giving inclusion training, including language and behaviour, to contestants ahead of them entering the villa. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Georgia Steel claims producers ‘wanted’ her to wear thong bikini MORE : Love Island spoilers: Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti will actually be serenaded by Alfie Boe on dreamy date 