A plane passenger was forced to take action at 40,000 feet, after a massive yawn caused her jaw to dislocate. Holidaymaker Isabella Prusak-James, 21, was on an EasyJet flight fromLondon Luton to Malaga in Spain last week, when her jaw suddenly disjointed. Shocking footage shows the student, from St Albans, Hertfordshire, opening wide as a friend attempted to snap the bones back into place. After Isabella and her companion were ushered to a private part of the planeby staff, she eventually managed to put it back into place herself. Isabella, who studies at Nottingham Trent University, said: ‘It’s the tenthtime it has happened, the first time it popped out was when I was 18. ‘I still don’t know what the cause is, it’s common for it to happen once tosomeone but uncommon for it to keep happening. ‘It’s always been caused by yawning and it’s always on the right-hand side. When I was on the flight I yawned and that’s when it happened, it isn’tpainful just inconvenient.’ Because her jaw was out of use, Isabella had to type a message on her phone asking her friend to get the flight attendant. And although she tried to cover her mouth to avoid stares, she says ‘people were looking’ over at her. Thankfully, Isabella did not need any medical attention after the ordeal, but her condition means her risk of arthritis may be increased after multiple dislocations. Speaking about the flight attendant who helped her, the business student said: ‘She was very nice, she stood there and watched us. She understood theinstructions I was giving to my friend and was motivating her to get it back in. ‘She said it was the first time it’s ever happened.’ Isabella continued: ‘When I got back to my seat the guy next to me said he had a metal plate in his jaw and we talked about our jaw problems. Everyone was really nice, which was comforting. ‘It’s gave me confidence as sometimes when I yawn and I’m alone I worrybecause I’ve always thought I couldn’t put it in myself. ‘But, now I know I can put it back in myself, it’s reassuring. Every time ithappens, I learn something new.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the best London events this week, including free champagne MORE : Mansion once owned by the Kray Twins goes on the market for £2.25million