Lea Michele has paid tribute to former Glee co-star and boyfriend Cory Monteith on the ninth anniversary of her death. The Funny Girl actress shot to fame through her role as Rachel Berry in the popular musical sitcom, which aired from 2009 to 2015. Monteith, meanwhile, played the other leading role of Finn Hudson, and the pair’s on-screen chemistry led to them falling for each other in real life. Michele and Monteith were in a relationship from 2012 until his sudden death on July 13, 2013, of an overdose. His death sent shockwaves through fans of the show, the cast and crew, and devastated his friends and family, including his girlfriend Michele. Now, nine years later, the mum-of-one has remembered her former love on his anniversary. The actress took to her Instagram Story where she posted a throwback photo of her and Monteith in happier times, the couple beaming at each other lovingly as the sun shines. In the snap, Monteith, wearing a smart black suit, looks down at a grinning Michele, who is in a baby blue dress and holding a bouquet of flowers. Alongside the gorgeous photo, Michele left a simple heart emoji. Monteith had struggled with substance abuse issues from the age of 13, and had been trying to fight his addiction when he died. Just one month before, the star had checked in to a rehabilitation clinic in an effort to get sober. Michele had been heartbroken by the death of her partner, but found love again in 2017 when she met now-husband Zandy Reich. The businessman proposed in April 2018, with Michele announcing their engagement on Instagram with a photo of her diamong ring with the caption: ‘Yes.’ Michele and Reich were married in 2019, and in August 2020 welcomed their first child together, a son named Ever. The actress has recently been announced to be replacing Beanie Feldstein on the Broadway musical Funny Girl, which Michele has previously admitted would be a dream role to play. However not everyone was happy, with her former Glee co-star Samantha Ware speaking out after previously accusing Michele of having made her life a ‘living hell’ while on the show. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lea Michele’s casting in Funny Girl proves Broadway is a brutal business MORE : Glee’s Samantha Ware shades former co-star Lea Michele’s casting in Funny Girl after past accusations: ‘Silence is complicity’ 