The latest debate between the two candidates vying to be prime minister has been dramatically stopped after a crashing sound was heard off camera. Presenter Kate McCann fainted and collapsed on set but is now said to be ‘fine’. News UK confirmed that there had been a ‘medical incident’. Liz Truss looked very shocked as the noise was heard and then walked towards where Ms McCann was standing. The Foreign Secretary appeared visibly worried and could be heard saying ‘oh my god’, as she looked towards the ground and then walked away from her podium. The programme immediately went off-air, with a message appearing on the screen, saying: ‘We are sorry for the disruption to this programme. ‘We are working hard to fix the issue and will return to normal programming soon.’ Talk TV have since said that the debate will not resume. ‘Kate McCann fainted on air tonight and although she is fine, the medical advice was that we shouldn’t continue with the debate’, the organisation tweeted. ‘We apologise to our viewers and listeners.’ A replacement programme on The Sun’s website saw two pundits suggesting that the two candidates were taking questions from the studio audience off air. Ms McCann was meant to appear alongside The Sun’s political editor Harry Cole, but he tested positive for Covid-19 earlier today. The TalkTV political editor is widely considered a rising star in the industry and previously worked as a political journalist for Sky, The Daily Telegraph and The Sun. Truss and Sunak were taking part in their second head-to-head debate after a bad tempered clash on the BBC last night. The tone of the contest to replace Boris Johnson has been questioned by many Conservatives, with the blue-on-blue attacks seen as a gift to the Labour party. Roughly 180,000 members of the Tory party will now vote on which of the two candidates will become their leader and therefore PM. Truss is the frontrunner to take over at Number 10 after the results are announced on September 5. Sunak tweeted: ‘Good news that you’re already recovering Kate McCann. It was a great debate and I look forward to getting grilled by you again shortly!’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak trash each other’s plans in first head-to-head debate