The UK’s Eurovision runner-up Sam Ryder has sent Formula 1 fans into meltdown with his unique take on the national anthem, and we love him for it. Sam basically hasn’t stopped for the last two months since his incredible run at the Eurovision Song Contest in May. Whether it’s performing at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee: Party At The Palace, or taking to the Celebrity Gogglebox sofa, he’s been everywhere in recent weeks. This weekend, he’s been back out in front of the crowds, this time at Silverstone for the British Grand Prix. It was announced earlier this week he was set to perform the national anthem at the prestigious motoring event, and Sam made sure his rendition was very memorable indeed. The Essex singer stepped out in a typically funky outfit, armed with his electric guitar, and truly went for it. The 33-year-old put his own stamp on the song and most fans were absolutely living for it. Viewers praised him for finally giving the British national anthem some much-needed ‘energy.’ One viewer wrote: ‘Let’s be honest, our national anthem is awful. Sam Ryder basically had the worst song material to work with and did an incredible job. Nice work spaceman! #BritishGP #Silverstone.’ ‘Sam Ryder singing the national anthem at the #SilverstoneGP .. this is surely a joy to watch for every Brit F1 / Eurovision fan???’ Added a fan. Someone else shared: ‘Sam Ryder (Eurovision) rocking the ‘God Save The Queen’ at Silverstone.’ ‘How often can we say God Save The Queen is joyous? Sam Ryder brings the best energy. #BritishGP,’ weighed in another. ‘Sam Ryder having an absolute ball there singing the national anthem in a far more interesting and uplifting way than we normally get. Normally dull and dour like it’s trying to put the drivers to sleep!! #SilverstoneGP,’ said a Twitter user. Mercedes themselves tweeted: ‘Yeah @SamRyderMusic that was spectacular.’ Elsewhere, there’s been some serious drama at the event, with a horrendous crash taking place just moments into the race. Alfa Romeo’s Zhou Guanyu’s was involved in a severe, multi-car crash at the start after his vehicle was clipped by AlphaTauri’s Pierre Gasly. This in turn hit Zhou, with his Alfa Romeo flipping upside down and sent skidding into the barriers at high speed, with the car flying into catch fencing. The incident bought out the red flag at the Silverstone with several other cars including Esteban Ocon, Yuki Tsunoda, Sebastian Vettel and Alex Albon also receiving heavy damage. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC Breakfast viewers ‘uncomfortable’ after Big Zuu reveals he met Naga Munchetty in Ibiza during awkward interview MORE : Taron Egerton opens up on why he dropped out of West End production: ‘One of the hardest decisions I’ve had to make’ 