A man in his 20s has died after being pulled from a body of water in the Cotswolds. Police were called to the scene at Cotswolds Water Park in Ashton Keynes, at 6pm on Monday evening. The death of the victim, who has not yet been identified, is not being treated as suspicious, Wiltshire Police said. The park is an area of more than 40 square miles with 180 lakes. The tragedy comes as a major search and rescue operation is underway in Essex after six people got into trouble in water off Clacton Pier. Five have been pulled from the sea but one person is still missing. Emergency services reiterated warnings for people to avoid swimming in open water to cool off in the sweltering heatwave – which today saw the mercury hit a record-breaking 40C – after a number of tragedies in waterways and reservoirs. A tourist died after being pulled unresponsive from the water at a beach on the Isle of Wight on Monday. Emergency services desperately tried to revive the victim, a man in his 70s, but could not save his life. Meanwhile a 14-year-old boy is believed to have drowned after getting into difficulty in the River Thames. He entered the water at Tagg’s Island in Hampton, part of the borough of Richmond in southwest London. Concluding the teenager had died, Superintendent Richard Smith said on Monday: ‘I know that on days like today when temperatures are at a record high, it might look appealing to jump in and cool off in rivers, reservoirs, lakes or other open water. ‘Please don’t. The dangers are real and this evening in Richmond we have seen the terrible consequences of what happens when it goes wrong.’ Thirteen-year-old Robert Hattersley died after swimming in the River Tyne in Northumberland on Sunday, leaving his family ‘absolutely devastated’. Emergency services also confirmed the death of a 16-year-old boy in Salford Quays, Greater Manchester, named as Kalen Waugh, on Saturday. Another 16-year-old boy died in Bray Lake near Maidenhead, Berkshire while a 50-year-old man died in a reservoir near Leeds. The Met Office said a temperature of 40.2C was recorded at Heathrow Airport at 12.50pm this afternoon. Earlier today a high of 39.1°C was recorded in Charlwood, Surrey – beating the previous extreme of 38.7°C in Cambridge in 2019. Temperatures are expected to continue rising until this afternoon – before a yellow thunderstorm warning has been issued on Wednesday. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.