Plans to build a series of 5G towers near people’s homes has been met with fury by locals who feel ignored and neglected. Telecommunications provider Three has submitted proposals for at least four masts in the Canford Heath are of Poole, Dorset. If the plans go ahead, two of these would be in green spaces and right on people’s doorsteps. Residents in the Waterloo area are worried a planned 18m mast would ‘blot the landscape’ by towering over their trees. Jill Richards, who has lived in the neighbourhood for over two decades, said she initially thought the plan to build the mast opposite her home was a ‘bad joke’. ‘It would be a hideous eyesore right outside mine and many other homes and I feel no thought has gone into the placement. ‘It seems like they decide on an area best suited for the technology and that’s that, we’re expected to just accept it,’ she told Bournemouth Echo. ‘To them I’m just an invisible pensioner. ‘What a legacy we are leaving for future generations by blotting our landscapes with these towers. ‘There are several other less intrusive places in the area they could go. I’m not against the technology or progress, but I think the siting should be more sympathetic to the locality.’ Another of the road’s resident said while he understood the technological benefit of 5G, there were better-suited locations than the green space, which children regularly play in. ‘People who will call us nimbies clearly don’t have the same plans outside their front door. If they did, they would feel exactly the same as we do,’ he said. Canford Heath council supported the application for a 16m mast in one road but rejected 15m masts planned for two others as they were so close to people’s homes. Councillor Sean Gabriel suggested the remaining masts could be installed in industrialised areas instead. Telecommunication companies can submit applications to install the masts which will be approved unless it can be proven there is genuine harm in doing so. Supposed risks to health and the devaluation of nearby properties are not deemed valid objections. A Three spokesperson said: ‘5G rollout is vital for residents and businesses in the area. We want to offer the community a reliable network experience and these sites will be critical to making that happen. ‘Masts needs to be situated where people will be using the service and, in precise locations to ensure the widest breadth of coverage. We carry out extensive searches and surveys to evaluate all the options.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.