Seventeen US lawmakers were arrested at an abortion rights rally outside the Capitol building, with one of them appearing to pretend she was handcuffed. Among those arrested were members of ‘the Squad,’ a group of progressive legislators including Reps Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (New York), Ilhan Omar (Minnesota), Ayanna Pressley (Massachusetts), Rashida Tlaib (Michigan), and Cori Bush (Missouri). As she was lead away by Capitol Police, Rep Ocasio-Cortez held her hands behind her back. Some conservative commentators mocked her pose, accusing her of ‘pretending to be handcuffed’. Rep Ocasio-Cortez’s office put out a brief statement on Twitter after her arrest. The protest was organized to protest the recent Supreme Court decision in Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization, which overturned the federal abortion protections. Ocasio-Cortez’s New York City colleague Rep Carolyn Maloney issued an official statement immediately after the mass arrest, saying ‘there is no democracy if women do not have control over their own bodies and decisions about their own health, including reproductive care.’ The other Democratic lawmakers reported to be arrested so far include Reps  Carolyn Maloney (New York), Andy Levin (Michigan), Katherine Clark (Massachusetts), Alma Adams (North Carolina), Jackie Speier (California), Nydia Velazquez (New York), Madeline Dean (Pennsylvania), Jan Schakowsky (Illinois), Bonnie Watson Coleman (New Jersey), Sara Jacobs (California), Barbara Lee (California), and Veronica Escobar (Texas). The members of Congress wore green bandanas with the slogan ‘Won’t Back Down’ emblazoned on them. The protestors intended to march from the Capitol building to the Supreme Court, a route that has been closed to the public since the draft decision overturning Roe v. Wade was leaked in June. The protestors were given a ‘cease and desist’ order by Capitol Police approximately two minutes after they entered the closed area. Eighteen more people were arrested at the event, according to the Capitol Police. The lawmakers are not expected to face any serious charges. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.