A dangerous ‘sexual predator’ who attacked two men after spiking them with a suspected date-rape drug has been jailed for more than 20 years. Luiz Inacio Da Silva Neto left one victim feeling ‘paralysed’ when he woke to find the 36-year-old performing oral sex on him as pornography played in the background. The man later told police he noticed a syringe in the kitchen as he left the property in Middle Barton, Oxfordshire, and was convinced he had been drugged. Da Silva Neto’s second victim was a married man who had been on a night out with work colleagues in a central London nightclub called Raffles. He told the jury he had vague memories of events that night, which was a month after Da Silva Neto’s first attack. The man said he felt ‘strange’ when he spoke to the doorman at the club, and that a cup containing a ‘dark brown liquid’ had been held to his lips. He also recalled waking up naked in a strange room. Jurors were told Da Silva Neto ‘opportunistically targeted’ married men believing they would be less likely to go to the police. They convicted him of rape, two counts of administering a substance with intent and two counts of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent. Those offences were committed in November and December last year. Da Silva Neto, of Wandsworth, southwest London, previously admitted seven counts of drug possession at an earlier hearing for substances including MDMA, methylamphetamine, cocaine, ketamine and cannabis. He was jailed for 22 years at Oxford Crown Court on Thursday. Investigating officer Detective Inspector James Holden-White said: ‘I am pleased that Luiz Inacio Da Silva Neto has been jailed for 22 years for his heinous crimes. ‘Da Silva Neto is a sexual predator and a very dangerous man, as such the streets are a much safer place with him behind bars. ‘Da Silva Neto used what presents as a well-practised modus operandi – targeting men, administering a substance to incapacitate and overpower his chosen victim, and then engaging in sexual activity with them, knowing they are not in a position to consent. ‘Da Silva Neto deliberately targeted heterosexual men whom he believed would be especially unlikely to report the offences to police, but he was wrong. ‘The two victims have shown immense bravery throughout, and it is because of them that Da Silva Neto has been convicted and jailed. ‘We are keeping an open mind as to the possibility that Da Silva Neto has committed other offences.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.