Billie Piper was taken to hospital after suffering a Strictly Come Dancing-esque injury on the set of I Hate Suzie series 2, it’s been reported. The first season of the dark Sky comedy, starring the Doctor Who actor as the titular character Suzie Pickles, was released to critical acclaim in August 2020. Excitement is rife for the show’s second outing, which is due to premiere later this year. However, behind-the-scenes, the lead star reportedly faced a painful incident by hurting her back, after it was claimed that her character is set to appear in a fictional TV series called Dance Crazee, supposedly inspired by Strictly. A TV insider told The Sun: ‘It was a case of life imitating art as she found out just how challenging taking part in a contest like this can be. ‘Billie hurt herself quite badly trying to master some challenging moves and it was decided it would be best if she went to hospital to get checked out properly.’ It’s understood that production on series two had already been completed at the time of Billie’s injury, so it shouldn’t have an impact on filming for series two. I Hate Suzie stars Billie as a former popstar-turned-sci-fi-actor, an eerily similar story to her own tale, having gone from being a chart-topping singer to one of the Doctor’s most beloved companions on Doctor Who in real life. In an interview with Harper’s Bazaar in December 2020, the actor said that while there are ‘obvious professional similarities’ between herself and Suzie, they do differ as people, saying that the character is ‘way more hysterical than I am’. ‘I would hate for people to think that that is who I am. And I think it would do Lucy’s writing a disservice to suggest that she just plucked stories verbatim out of my experiences, or my life as is,’ she said at the time. ‘It takes an enormous imagination and skill to write that stuff. Beyond those obvious parallels, I completely know those feelings, and those instincts. I know what it means to be an angry mid-30s woman. ‘I know what it means to feel really frustrated and not entirely sure why. I know what it means to feel resentful of serving a lot of people in my life. And I know what it feels like to not really know who I am.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Billie Piper’s representatives for comment. Sky declined to comment. I Hate Suzie is available to watch on Sky and NOW. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who: Will Billie Piper’s Rose Tyler return? All the theories after series 13 episode 1 MORE : I Hate Suzie: Series 2 of Billie Piper drama confirmed for late 2022 release 