A dog was praised as a ‘real-life Lassie’ after it lead rescuers more than 200 feet to its injured owner. Saul the Border collie was able to direct Nevada County Sheriff’s Office Search and Rescue personnel to his owner, who had fallen 70 feet off a ridge while hiking in Tahoe National Forest in California. Saul’s 53-year-old owner had broken his hip and several ribs during the fall. He managed to call 911, but search and rescue team was initially unable to find him for about seven hours. The area Saul’s owner was hiking in is largely inaccessible by vehicles, forcing the search and rescue team to deploy 25 volunteers on foot. Sergeant Dennis Haack of the Nevada County Sheriff’s Office told the The New York Times his team encountered Saul after fanning out and searching the area. They eventually encountered Saul while searching the area for the injured hiker. He reportedly made direct eye contact with the team before bolting off in the direction of his owner. Haack was initially skeptical of Saul. ‘We didn’t put a whole lot of faith in it,’ he told the Times. ‘But I do put a lot of faith in our searchers because they’re extremely good at what they do.’ Saul ‘ran through the forest approximately 200 yards and in true ”LASSIE” fashion,’ the rescuers recounted in a Facebook post. ‘He was jumping up and down, spinning around in circles,’ Haack told NBC. ‘They started following him. They went somewhere between 150 and 200 yards and took them right to the victim.’ Saul’s owner was taking shelter under a camouflage tarp. His injuries were deemed ‘traumatic’ by a medical team. He was moved about half a mile away to a landing zone, then evacuated from the site by helicopter. ‘He’s very lucky his dog directed our search personnel to him,’ Haack said. Saul was taken to a local nonprofit and later reunited with his owner in the hospital. The pup was reportedly rewarded with a big stick of beef jerky. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.