The driving star on Racing Pride – the sport’s LGBTQ+ charity – competing with her partner Jessica, and her favourite James Bond car. A Renault Clio. And you know what? I was really sensible. I guess I’ve always saved the speeding for the track. I’m lucky to have a partnership with a BMW dealership in Colchester. I’m currently driving an X3 M Competition and it’s a pocket rocket. It’s a 503bhp SUV but you don’t feel the size of it. I met Jess before the W Series. Motorsport is a small world, especially for the female drivers. I remember crossing paths with her at Goodwood and seeing what she was up to but when I came to W Series we got to know each other a bit more, became friends and now we’ve been together for two and a half years almost. We’re always competitive – we’d be rubbish racing drivers if we weren’t. But if one of us is having a difficult time or our confidence is tested, we’re always there to support each other. Ultimately, we both want each other to do well. The dream is to be at the front together. We argue over this! But I’ll say Jess just so I have a happy girlfriend. I really liked the Land Rover Defenders in No Time To Die. They stood up to some pretty big stunts. It was the most painful thing I’ve been through. It was a freak accident. I’m still not 100 per cent but I’m a lot further along than I was nine months ago. Racing drivers are very impatient but you can’t be impatient with a spinal injury. I’ve always been out. I’ve never hidden who I am. I realised I was gay at probably 17. I’ve never been ashamed of being a gay person and have always been open in the public eye. It’s important for me to be involved with Racing Pride [motorsport’s LGBTQ+ charity], and using the platform I have to show you can be a successful female in a male-dominated industry. If my journey inspires other people then that’s a real positive. There’s a big push in motorsport on inclusivity and diversity at the moment, much more than when I started racing, but we need to keep pushing. It needs to be at the core of the sport. I’m biased because I’m a test driver for EV company Fisker. But I’m definitely on board with the electric world. It’s a difficult transition, and I’ll miss the noise and smell of IC engines, but EVs produce instant torque, smoothness and silence. Watch the fourth race of the 2022 W Series season live from Silverstone on Sky Sports and Channel 4 from 1.10pm on Saturday MORE : Meet Jamie Chadwick: The British woman hoping to end F1’s 46-year wait for a female driver MORE : Lewis Hamilton says he is ‘racing for something much, much bigger’ as he opens up about racial abuse MORE : Michael Fassbender to compete in gruelling 24 Hours of Le Mans race as Porsche driver 