A woman whose ex-boyfriend broke her nose and jaw in an unprovoked attack following a night out has slammed the ‘laughable’ sentence which saw him walk free from court. Robyn Howard’s neighbours phoned 999 after hearing her screams as she was repeatedly punched and kicked in the head and face during the appalling assault in Wigan last month. Shocking photos taken before she was rushed to hospital show the 23-year-old covered in blood. The social worker – who did not wish to name her former partner – said: ‘He had never even shown anger before during our six months together. The attack came completely out of the blue. ‘But that night he had had far too much to drink and had in fact been quite aggressive to some lads on the train home. ‘Whether he took some other substance later to make him do what he did, I don’t know. ‘It just shows what dangers can be lying dormant inside someone, especially if they have had too much to drink or had something else.’ The man, aged 30, pleaded guilty to ABH in front of magistrates in Manchester earlier this month, but his 24-week sentence was suspended for two years. He was also given a two-year restraining order, 200 hours of unpaid work and ordered to pay £250 in compensation. Robyn went on: ‘The sentence was laughable really, considering what he did to me, especially the compensation. ‘But at least now he will have a criminal record that any future partners could check up on. ‘He has now proved himself to be very dangerous and other women who come into his orbit need the opportunity to know that.’ She is urging women to report domestic abuse so that perpetrators can be found on the Domestic Violence Disclosure Scheme (DVDS) database, also known as ‘Clare’s Law’. Robyn has teamed up with Wigan Borough Domestic Abuse Services to organise a fundraising event on October 15 at the DW Stadium in her hometown. She hopes to raise money for Target Hardening, which helps improve security at homes of domestic abuse victims, and Refuge, which provides shelter to victims. Robyn said: ‘I am going public about this because if other women are concerned that partner has an abusive past, they can ask to check under Clare’s Law then they can make an informed decision about the future of their relationship. ‘It wouldn’t have been beneficial to me, because he had no known offences, but around 80% don’t get reported so it’s so important that people report it. ‘I 100% think he has previous history of this, just because of how quickly it happened.’ She added: ‘These organisations are desperately in need of extra funds. There is a lot of domestic violence but people hardly ever talk about it. ‘The victims need help during a time that is so isolating and difficult and awareness needs raising of just how widespread this type of crime is.’ Tickets are £25 each and include a hot meal, live music, a bingo card and a donation to charity. Visit Charity Fundraiser – From Pain to Purpose to buy a ticket. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.