Piers Morgan ripped into Boris Johnson’s leadership and called for him to step down in the wake of Rishi Sunak and Sajid David’s resignations. The Prime Minister is facing a huge leadership crisis after Mr Sunak quit as Chancellor and Mr Javid resigned as Health Secretary on Tuesday evening. A humiliating apology from Mr Johnson over the scandal-hit former deputy chief whip Chris Pincher was unable to prevent the departure of two senior ministers and potential leadership rivals. Former Good Morning Britain presenter Piers unpacked the latest bombshell to hit the Government during a specially extended episode of Piers Morgan Uncensored, which featured live analysis of all the breaking news from Downing Street. ‘We should never be happy when a British Government collapses in ignominy, and scandal, and lies,’ he said while introducing his programme. ‘It’s not good for the country, is it? It’s not good for any of us. Why would any of us want that?’ Piers continued: ‘This is actually something that shames our country. The British Prime Minister has to resign because his own party turned on him because he kept telling whoppers. ‘He kept breaking his own rules. That’s not good. We should demand better from our leaders.’ Many have come out in support of Piers’s bumper two-hour episode, with one branding it a ‘fantastic show’. ‘You hit the nail on the head with many things and your guests,’ one penned. ‘And you are probably the only one who acknowledges losing a health Secretary when a pandemic is still ongoing is bad for us all!’ Since the news of Mr David and Mr Sunak’s resignations, it’s been confirmed that Nadhim Zahawi will replace Mr Sunak as Chancellor and Steve Barclay will replace Mr David as Health Secretary. Michelle Donelan will replace Mr Zahawi as Education Secretary. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 