Silverstone had some incredibly star-studded arrivals as fans prepared to watch the British Grand Prix, with the likes of Tom Cruise, Stormzy, and Gordon Ramsay rocking up. Formula 1 fans are out in force for what has already proven to be a dramatic race, with plenty of the celebs snapping photos. Mission: Impossible star Tom waved to fellow attendees as he headed into Silverstone, rocking his signature sunnies. He posed for selfies with fans – as did Gordon Ramsay, who looked thrilled to be at Silverstone in the sunshine. Also rocking up for the race was Stormzy, who said he’s going to be cheering hard for British drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell. Rylan Clark looked to be having the time of his life as he posed up a storm and delightedly snapped photos with fans, while his ITV colleague Phillip Schofield also looked to be having a blast. The star-studded arrivals didn’t end there either, with Homeland star Damian Lewis, and acting legend Michael Douglas also making an appearance. Then, Eurovision’s Sam Ryder belted out the national anthem, as well as posing with his pal Rylan. Of course, fans were excited for Lewis’ arrival, with the driver looking calm and collected ahead of the big day. However, it was a chaotic start to the race as George Russell was involved in a five-car crash at the first corner. The Mercedes driver collided with AlphaTauri’s Yuki Tsunoda, Alpine’s Esteban Ocon, Alfa Romeo’s Zhou Guanyu and Williams’ Alex Albon. The incident bought out the red flag at the Silverstone after Zhou’s car was flipped upside down and skidded at high-speed into the barriers at Abbey corner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lewis Hamilton appears unfazed as he arrives at Silverstone after calling out Nelson Piquet for racist slur MORE : Sue Barker in tears as she receives standing ovation at Wimbledon after stepping down as presenter: ‘We’ll be lost without you’ 