Piers Morgan has led well wishes to Kate McCann after she fainted live on air during the latest Tory leadership debate on TalkTV. The presenter fainted halfway through Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak’s head-to-head on Tuesday night and was heard collapsing to the floor. Foreign Secretary Truss was visibly shocked by the scenes at hand and held her hands to her face as she exclaimed ‘Oh my God’ and the debate was swiftly taken off-air. Journalists across the media landscape have been rallying behind McCann following the incident, with Piers writing: ‘I’ve seen some sneaky ways to make yourself the biggest star at @TalkTV but this is ridiculous @KateEMcCann – seriously, glad you’re OK. ‘You were brilliant until this happened, and will be brilliant in the rematch.’ Fellow TalkTV host Tom Newton Dunn added: ‘I know from working with @KateEMcCann every night that she is one of the very best in the business at holding politicians to account. ‘She proved that in the first half hour of the debate, and she will prove that again. She is a fantastic talent and I’m hugely proud of her.’ Sky News presenter Kay Burley penned: ‘@KateEMcCann was doing a sensational job. So relieved to hear she’s OK. I’m sure the candidates will return to continue the debate under her expert stewardship. Get some rest Kate x.’ TalkTV apologised to viewers for not resuming the programme, saying in a statement: ‘Kate McCann fainted on air tonight, and although she is fine, the medical advice was that we shouldn’t continue with the debate. ‘We apologise to our viewers and listeners.’ McCann, TalkTV’s political editor, was due to co-host The Sun’s Showdown: The Fight for No.10 alongside The Sun’s political editor Harry Cole, but he tested positive for Covid hours before the programme was due to air. The former chancellor and Foreign Secretary both tweeted to wish the journalist well shortly after the interruption. Before the debate was taken off air, the two Tory rivals locked horns once again as they fought for the support of their party members, with taxes and the economy causing the most acrimony. Ms Truss said it was ‘morally wrong’ to raise taxes during a cost-of-living crisis, but Mr Sunak quickly shot back, saying it was ‘morally wrong’ to heap more debt on future generations. MORE : Inside Liz Truss’ family life with her husband Hugh O’Leary and their two children MORE : Rishi Sunak ‘would mark down schools that are rubbish at PE’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 