Love Island viewers made their feelings known over Jacques O’Neill’s antics during Wednesday’s episode. The rugby player, 23, Paige Thorne’s tumultuous relationship is going to be tested once again during tonight’s recoupling as he’s been getting to know newcomers Mollie Salmon and Cheyanne Kerr. After declaring it was time to ‘test’ his romance with Paige during yesterday’s instalment, today’s teaser saw Jacques getting a little friendly with Cheyanne. At the beginning of the episode, Jacques pulled Mollie to the terrace and suggested that she’s more than welcome to join him in bed, but minutes later, he told Cheyanne that he wasn’t ‘interested.’ ‘I don’t want someone who is the same as me,’ he said. ‘I want someone who is a bit more reserved and quieter, and probably looks like you [Cheyanne].’ After Jacques told the boys he was going to ‘sack Mollie off and take Cheyanne for a kiss upstairs,’ fans quickly bashed his behaviour on Twitter. ‘If Jacques stays with Paige after that I’m calling ofcom,’ one viewer wrote. ‘NO JACQUES DID NOT JUST SAY THAT “sack mollie off, neck on with cheyanne” nah,’ another added. ‘Not only did Jacques completely disrespect Paige but the way he disregarded mollie,’ a third person wrote. Love Island was recently hit with Ofcom complaints over Jacques’ behaviour towards Paige during the steamy heart rate challenge. Paige was left upset after Jacques’ heart soared for his ex-girlfriend, footballing legend Michael Owen’s daughter, Gemma. Taking the result personally, Paige told international dressage rider Gemma: ‘I’m not gonna lie, I kind of did a little bit only because you guys have history and I can’t compete with that.’ ‘Oh f**k off mate, if you’re being serious… because you’re just being pathetic. I don’t understand how you can have a problem with that, mate,’ he raged to Paige. But will he decide to stick with Paige or recouple? Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What it’s really like to be in Love Island’s Casa Amor – from social media being vetted to producer-prompted conversations MORE : Love Island hit with Ofcom complaints over Jacques O’Neill’s treatment of Paige Thorne after labelling her ‘pathetic’ 