All infected blood victims and bereaved partners across the UK should be paid at least £100,000 in compensation ‘without delay’, the chairman of the inquiry into the tragedy has said. Thousands of people contracted HIV or hepatitis C in the 1970s and 1980s, after the UK imported blood from the US and allegedly administered it without screening it properly. After years of campaigning, former prime minister Theresa May gave the green light to investigate what happened in 2017 and an inquiry started two years later. Former judge Sir Brian Langstaff is leading the inquiry which is essentially trying to determine how much was known about the infected blood and to what extent recipients were warned. Although the investigation has not yet concluded, Sir Brian published an interim report on Friday demanding that families be compensated soon. He wrote: ‘This inquiry has heard of profound physical and mental suffering across a wide range of backgrounds, from a diversity of places and in a variety of personal circumstances. ‘I recommend that an interim payment should be paid, without delay, to all those infected and all bereaved partners currently registered on UK infected blood support schemes, and those who register between now and the inception of any future scheme.’ He said the payout should be no less than £100,000. The amount was recommended by Sir Robert Francis QC just last month, after he studied the frameworks for victim compensation. Around 2,400 people have already died in what has been labelled the worst treatment disaster in the history of the NHS. Sir Brian’s recommendations do not legally have to be accepted by the Government, which he made clear in his report. But former health secretary Matt Hancock last year told the inquiry that the Government would abide by the final report. One of the solicitors representing more than 400 of the victims, Des Collins, said: ‘Whilst coming too late for the thousands who have tragically passed away over the intervening years since they were infected, it is a welcome development for some of those still living with the dreadful repercussions of this avoidable treatment failure.‘We look forward to the day when all victims of this scandal are properly compensated for their suffering and for those whose decisions led to the ruining of countless innocent lives being held to account.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.