A Love Island producer has set the record straight amid rumours Jacques O’Neill was asked to leave the show. The islander left the show this week after getting in a row with newcomer Adam Collard. In the show, Jacques was seen shouting at the bombshell and calling him ‘f***ing nothing’ after he expressed interest in Paige Thorne, whom Jacques was coupled up with. ITV later announced the rugby player had left the villa, with a following episode showing an emotional Jacques tearfully admitting he was ‘struggling’ and ‘finding it hard in here.’ He added: ‘I’m trying to put a brave face on it but things are getting to me.’ While Jacques was supported by many viewers, others speculated that the star could actually have been asked to leave the show by producers who were becoming worried about his mental state after he lashed out. But in a new interview with Deadline, executive producer Mike Spencer said this was not the case, that Jacques left of his own accord and the producers ‘respect his decision.’ He said: ‘Jacques was on his own journey and he had a strong connection with Paige but sometimes you have to think about yourself and that’s what Jacques did.’ Mike went on to say that the Love Island bosses ‘respected his decision to head home,’ adding that they take things ‘very seriously and we have updated duty of care procedures.’ ‘I think Jacques felt like his time was up and as producers we have to respect his decision,’ he said. He added that newcomer Adam ‘got on with a lot of the girls,’ adding that it would be up to Jacques to ‘explain’ whether that impacted on his decision to leave. Fans don’t have long to wait before Jacques tells his side of the story, as the islander is set to appear on Aftersun on Sunday to ‘discuss his journey.’ Jacques had told Paige he would ‘wait’ for her on the outside and expressed a desire to be her boyfriend, but the 24-year-old is still in the dating competition – and it seems her head could be turned. Spoilers for Friday’s episode hint at a new romance for Paige with Adam, who previously appeared on the show in 2018. In a preview clip, Paige tells close pal Dami Hope that while she and Jacques had ‘feelings and a connection,’ there were ‘some bumps in the road.’ She adds: ‘Since he’s been gone, I feel like everything happens for a reason. I’m enjoying my time getting to know Adam.’ A supportive Dami tells her: ‘I’m enjoying seeing you happy. It just seems very natural for you guys. It’s nice to get to know him.’ When he asks whether there’s potential for the pair’s connection to blossom, Paige far from rules it out. She reveals: ‘Potential for me personally I would say yes. I don’t know what he’s saying… which really infuriates me.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers reveal Paige Thorne to move on after Jacques O’Neill exit: ‘Everything happens for a reason’ MORE : Paige Thorne’s family forced to block trolls from sending ‘hate’ at Love Island star over Jacques O’Neill and Adam Collard drama 