Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck may finally be married after reportedly tying the knot in Las Vegas. The couple, affectionately dubbed Bennifer, got engaged in April more than a year after reconciling their romance. They first dated in the early noughties but famously called off their wedding just days before the nuptials before eventually ending their two-year relationship in 2004. Now, reports claim the Hollywood stars are officially husband and wife after obtaining a marriage licence in Vegas. Court documents were reportedly taken out in Clark County, Nevada on Saturday under Jennifer and Ben’s full names – Jennifer Lynn Lopez and Benjamin Geza Affleck. A source told TMZ that the couple did say their vows and get married, while another revealed the first details of the reported nuptials. The insider told Entertainment Tonight: ‘They have so much fun together and thought this would be a fun idea too. Ben is absolutely in love with Jen and feels loved by her too. They both feel so comfortable with each other and like they share history and know each other so well.’ County Clerk Lynn Marie Goya, who runs the Marriage Licence Bureau, has since told the PA: ‘I can confirm that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez obtained a married licence last night, but their marriage certificate has not yet been filed. The licence is valid up to one year. “If they have had a ceremony, they join Vegas A-list couples such as Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos, Jon Bon Jovi and Dorothea Hurley and Paul Newman and Joanne Woodward – and the numerous couples who make up the Five Million Love Stories that make Las Vegas the Wedding Capital of the World. ‘We wish Mr Affleck and Ms Lopez the same enduring love story.’ In April, Jennifer, 52, announced that she was engaged to the Batman actor and revealed the stunning green ring he presented to her during the intimate proposal. Sharing details of the special moment Ben, 49, got down on one knee, Jennifer wrote on her blog: ‘Saturday night while at my favorite place on earth (in the bubble bath), my beautiful love got on one knee and proposed. ‘[I] just looked in his eyes smiling and crying at the same time trying hard to get my head around the fact that after 20 years this was happening all over again’ She added: ‘I was quite literally speechless and he said, “Is that a yes?” I said, “YES of course that’s a YES”.’ It’s certainly been a whirlwind romance for the pair, who began dating in July 2002 and got engaged in November of the same year. However, they postponed their wedding which had been scheduled for September 2003 and ultimately split in January 2004. Jennifer went on to marry singer Marc Anthony, with who she shares 14-year-old twins Max and Emme, but their union ended in 2014. Ben married actress Jennifer Garner and the two co-parent their three children – Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Samuel, 10 – following their split in 2015. Bennifer got back together in spring 2021 – 17 years after their split – and just months after Jennifer ended her engagement with Alex Rodriguez. Opening up about her second time round with Ben, the Love Don’t Cost A Thing singer told People in February: ‘We’re older now, we’re smarter, we have more experience, we’re at different places in our lives, we have kids now, and we have to be very conscious of those things. ‘It’s a beautiful outcome that this has happened in this way at this time in our lives where we can really appreciate and celebrate each other and respect each other.’ She added: ‘We always did, but we have even more of an appreciation because we know that life can take you in different directions.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Jennifer and Ben’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ben Affleck’s son Samuel, 10, reverses Lamborghini into BMW after getting behind wheel during dealership visit with Jennifer Lopez MORE : Jennifer Lopez wants to ‘build a family’ with Ben Affleck as she shares loved-up video for Father’s Day 