Forget staring out the window at clouds and drizzle all day. How about a job doing what you love in paradise, instead? Soneva Fushi, a luxury resort in the Maldives, is hiring a ‘barefoot bookseller’ – and it’s the role of any avid reader’s dreams. Each year, the destination recruits a new person into the position, which is described as ‘possibly the best job in the world.’ The lucky candidate will be tasked with running the island’s bookshop, offering recommendations to holidaymakers and helping them get the most of their beach reads. Other duties will include holding workshops, pop-up events, and creative writing sessions, although you’re encouraged to add your own unique flair. The job advert states: ‘Previous barefoot booksellers have provided guests with unforgettable literary experiences from writer’s workshops to personal reading consultations. We are interested to see what new ideas you can bring to the role.’ The position, which starts in October, is likely to be popular among jobseekers, but it’ll take a special person to bag top spot. According to the listing, the ideal candidate ‘will be a team player with a passion for books and the ability to engage with guests of all ages.’ Excellent written and verbal English skills are a must, as is ‘the ability to fit in with the distinctive Soneva culture’. Because so much of the role involves communicating (both with guests and through the company’s blog) it’s also imperative that the successful applicant has a ‘lively tone of voice’. The wages for a ‘barefoot bookseller’ aren’t mentioned on the page, but those who held the role previously spoke very highly of their experience. And why wouldn’t you in a place like this? The atoll resort is everything you’d expect, with fancy over-water villas and its own observatory. Celebrity visitors have included John Legend, Chrissy Teigen, Joe Jonas, and Sophie Turner. The current holder of the post, Georgie Polhill, previously worked in the editorial department of a publisher in London. She said that an obvious highlight from her time at Soneva Fushi was interviewing Stanley Tucci ahead of a screening at their outdoor cinema. ‘You never know what adventures a new week will bring,’ said Georgie in a recent blog post. If chatting with A-listers about books sounds like your idea of heaven, you have until August 13 to apply. As well as a CV and cover letter, you’ll need to write 150 words about a book you’ve recently read. Dazzle with your personality and love of literature and you could be on to a winner. For more information about the Barefoot Bookseller job and to apply, visit the website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : After I was taken off my birth parents, my foster carers became the family I needed MORE : Fashion model reveals the tough reality of working in the industry as a teenager