At the age of 19, Callum Devine was let go from a digital media apprenticeship and found himself jumping between jobs. Struggling for cash and £700 into his overdraft, he decided he wanted to try going it alone. After securing a £1,000 loan from his girlfriend’s parents to buy a laptop, he set up his own marketing agency, specialising in social media marketing and content creation. And now, five years on, Callum and partner Beth Hughes, 26, are turning over quarter of a million pounds a year and have even been able to buy their own four-bedroom detached house. ‘I always wanted to be a business owner, but I didn’t know how and when it would happen,’ Callum said. ‘Me and my partner Beth own a few different businesses, but we started with a social media marketing business that started from Beth’s parents’ dining room. ‘We specialise in creative and visual marketing strategies as well as social media content. ‘I started off £700 into my overdraft, but we worked from home which meant we didn’t need to pay out for anything initially and we are serviced based. ‘Now we can now work from a little as a few minutes a day to six to eight hours depending on how busy it is. It’s ultimately all down to what we want to work. ‘Beth’s parents gave me a £1000 loan upfront to buy a laptop and then I paid them back monthly. We were living with them at the time too.’ He continued: ‘I didn’t go to university, I did an apprenticeship in marketing but I got sacked when I was 19 as I wasn’t very good at it which led to me bouncing from job to job. ‘It’s now funny to look back on the fact that I got sacked, I just didn’t enjoy that role and it showed as I didn’t do well with the work I was doing. ‘I’m still close with the manager who sacked me and he’s even passed on a client to me, we’re still friendly. ‘I just wasn’t good enough for the apprenticeship at the time. I had a year to prove my willing to learn but I just didn’t enjoy it and it reflected in my work. ‘I had dropped out of college for it too, so I didn’t finish any of my subjects or exams.’ In their third year working alone, Callum and Beth are estimated to turn over nearly £200,000. The couple have managed to buy their own four-bedroom detached house, their dream cars, and are now expecting their second child. They said nothing would be possible without the financial freedom they have gained. ‘We bought the house when I was 24 and Beth was 25, we were able to buy the materialistic things such as cars, but more importantly we’ve been able to grow as a family and spend time with each other,’ Callum noted. ‘We have now been able to take on our first employee and have added to the team, it has given us everything we could ask for. ‘We get our freedom and we can work our own hours. We are also able to work from anywhere in world, we have even worked from Dubai too. ‘Now three years on, we have a couple of businesses. Our original company of social media marketing has expanded, we have increased the services we offer, such as video creation and UGC. ‘We also now have two other businesses, one of which is car mat sales, and the other is a women’s activewear brand. We have used the skills over the years to be able to push our own new ventures. ‘I have always wanted to be a business owner, but I didn’t know how and when it would happen. I’ve just always had a dream to do it. ‘My friend and I even started business at college fixing peoples Xboxes, so I’ve always had that drive, just took finding the right thing to do. ‘We hope one day we can build our businesses and then be able to build our own house too.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man expertly pulls parasite from the stomach of a live murder hornet MORE : Woman horrified to find a ‘tooth’ in her Greggs sausage roll MORE : Couple with 37-year age gap reveal they are spending £120,000 on a surrogate