Claressa Shields and Savannah Marshall will settle their long-running feud in one of the biggest fights in the history of women’s boxing on 10 September. A showdown between the fierce rivals has now been confirmed for London at the O2 Arena to crown the undisputed middleweight champion. The bout will headline an all-female card on a historic night for boxing in Great Britain with Mikaela Mayer, the IBF and WBO super-featherweight champion, taking on WBC queen Alycia Baumgardner on the same night. A defeat to Marshall in a 2012 amateur contest is the only blemish on Shields’ impeccable boxing record and the source of an intense rivalry the two have shared over the last 10 years. The Michigan fighter is one of the most decorated active fighters in boxing, becoming the quickest man or woman in history to win world championships in three different weight classes while ruling as undisputed queen in two of them. Shields, a double Olympic gold medal winner holds the WBC, WBA and IBF titles with Marshall in possession of the WBO strap. The Hartlepool fighter has won all 12 of her professional contests, 10 of those via knockout. ‘I have been telling people for years, she is terrified of me,’ Shields told Metro.co.uk in May. ‘No matter how many girls she has knocked out or what her record may show, she knows I am a different kind of animal and she is not able to knock me out or walk all over me. It is going to be the toughest fight of her life. ‘That win [Marshall beating Shields in the amateurs] when I was 17 is where her confidence comes from. ‘I have already proven that I am better than her, with my two Olympic gold medals, my world championships, my world titles in three divisions.’ MORE : ‘That fight is pretty much agreed’ – Claressa Shields vs Savannah Marshall set for September after injury delay MORE : ‘She is terrified’ – Claressa Shields hoping Savannah Marshall does not back out of summer showdown with agreement close For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 