The UK’s record temperature has been broken amid an exceptional heatwave that has caused chaos around the country. A high of 40.3°C has been provisionally recorded at Coningsby, Lincolnshire – beating the previous extreme of 38.7°C in Cambridge in 2019. It is the first time 40°C has ever been recorded in the UK, with five areas now confirmed to have exceeded the unprecedented high. It is possible that the record will be broken again today – after Charlwood, in Surrey, briefly appeared to hold the record, with a provisional 39.1°C reading – but the Met Office said temperatures are now beginning to drop. The organisation confirmed earlier: ‘For the first time ever, 40 Celsius has provisionally been exceeded in the UK. ‘At least 29 observation sites across England have provisionally broken the previous all time maximum UK record of 38.7°C this afternoon.’ Scientists have warned that this is only the start of the impacts of the climate crisis, which are set to make extreme heatwaves far more common and intense. The latest record comes as most of the country swelters in near 40°C heat, grinding transport to a halt and forcing some schools to close. There had been some suggestion that the record might have been broken yesterday but it was only the third hottest ever day, with the mercury reaching 38.1°C in Santon Downham, Suffolk. It comes with weather records tumbling across the world and experts pleading for immediate action to tackle global warming. Ahead of the heatwave, the Met Office last week issued its first ever Red Alert – meaning there is a danger to life – for today and yesterday. The UK Health Security Agency issued a level 4 heat-health alert – described as an ’emergency’. Experts believe thousands could die in the unprecedented heat – as they have in previous heatwaves – with the NHS bracing for increased strain and the public urged to take precautions. Ahead of the record being broken – as it was widely expected to be – the Met Office said: ‘This is the first time we have forecast 40°C in the UK. ‘The current record high temperature in the UK is 38.7°C, which was reached at Cambridge Botanic Garden on 25 July in 2019.’ The organisation continued: ‘Some models are now producing a 50% chance of maximum temperatures in excess of 40°C in isolated parts of the UK. ‘Mid, to high, 30s Celsius will be seen more widely with an 80% chance we will exceed the current record.’ Elsewhere, Europe is ablaze, with countless wildfires causing devastation across swathes of the continent. In London, temperatures have been hotter than the Caribbean, the Western Sahara and other popular holiday destinations. Greenpeace UK’s head of politics, Rebecca Newsom, said: ‘It’s clear to everyone that urgent action to cut emissions must be taken, but the four Tory candidates are staying conspicuously quiet on the matter. ‘This life-threatening heat is just a taster of what’s to come unless the next Prime Minister delivers the concrete policies that will transition the UK away from fossil fuels, cut bills, boost cheap renewables and green our homes. ‘Failure to do so won’t just lose the Conservatives votes at the next election – it will threaten the future of our society as we know it.’ Brits are being urged to stay inside during the hottest points of the day – between 11am and 4pm – and wear sun cream, a hat, stay in the shade, keep hydrated and wear loose clothing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Heatwaves of 40°C in UK ‘ten times more likely now due to climate change’