Prom had been years in the planning for 16-year-old Molly Douch. The teenager from Portsmouth had been dreaming about her outfit – something in lilac – and even set up a Pinterest board for dress ideas. However, when the invites were sent out by her school in March this year, Molly didn’t receive one. Her mum, Claire, believes it was because of her daughter’s attendance record at St Edmunds Catholic School, following her diagnosis in March 2021 of Crohn’s disease, a lifelong condition which causes inflammation of the digestive system. Despite fighting debilitating fatigue and needing to take time off from school every six weeks for treatment, Molly completed her GCSEs this term. So when the teenager didn’t get her invite to the event of the year, she was grief-stricken. ‘I was bitterly disappointed and she was very hurt,’ her mum, Claire, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘To not be invited to prom is very unfair, because it’s not her fault that she hasn’t been in school. All her friends were invited and she’s been excluded.’ With endless proms, parties and residential trips, summer is an exciting season for the nation’s teens as they decompress after months of exams and adolescent stress. But for some children like Molly, these rites of passage are being denied due to strict school attendance policies. Schools across the UK have taken on a range of different incentive systems to up their numbers, from ‘prom passports’ and ‘prom points’ for students with a high attendance rate, to cash for kids who show up 100% of the time. But what happens if pupils don’t meet the requirements? ‘Molly was very, very poorly for a while and still is,’  explains Claire, 53. ‘She has flare ups, and when she gets a cold it makes her Crohn’s worse. The medication she is on wipes out her immunity, so obviously she’s very susceptible to anything going round. ‘It leaves her absolutely exhausted. The fatigue is horrendous. Plus the medication affects her as well.’ When Molly realised she hadn’t been invited, her mum contacted the school – but never received any sort of explanation. Instead, Molly had to break the news to her date that she wouldn’t be going and prepared herself for an evening of disappointment on prom night on 7 July. ‘I’ve watched my daughter go to hell in the last 18 months with her health and this was just the icing on the cake,’ adds Claire. ‘She doesn’t deserve this. Her mental health has taken a real battering as it is, as she’s coming to terms with having this lifelong chronic condition. ‘Everyone wants to see their kids thrive and survive. This would have been a nice way to have ended her education properly. It feels unfair. ‘I’ve spoken to parents of children from other schools who have been off for years, but they have still been invited to prom. Some schools seem to be absolutely amazing at it. Others aren’t. It’s like it’s a big, big fat carrot to try and get these children into school. But if they’re ill, it is not going to work. If they are genuinely poorly, no carrot is going to work. ‘To me, they’ve discriminated against Molly. Crohn’s isn’t something she can shake off – it is a registered disability.’ As many parents can testify, attendance goals start young. One primary school in Jarrow was criticised earlier this year after it handed out ice creams to children with 100% attendance rates, while another in Chester saw more than 100 children left behind on a school trip to the zoo because they had taken sick days over the Autumn term in 2020. And schools are about to come under more pressure after the Government vowed to ‘strengthen the school attendance regime’ in May under the new School Bill, which will see councils legally required to clamp down on the numbers of children missing school. 17-year-old Jamie*, previously of Oasis Brightstowe Academy in Bristol, was devastated when he missed out on a history residential trip. Like Molly, he was a high achiever until he fell ill with Crohn’s. Jamie had been awarded hundreds of ‘Bright Pounds’ in recognition of his excellent work, behaviour and attendance. But then he started needing time off, having hospital appointments and distressing, invasive procedures. According to the school’s website, Bright Pounds (known as BPs), ‘are awarded every day to celebrate the achievements of our students. Students are given 35 BPs per week, if they attend school every day. If they have a day off they lose seven BPs.’ They can be spent on stationery, sports equipment and even Kindle Fires in the school’s ‘Reward Shop’, and the house with the highest tally at the end of the year wins the Brightstowe Pounds Cup. However, Jamie’s mum, Alison, explains that despite wracking up countless BPs, they were taken off his record while he was seriously ill. ‘Jamie was top in his school for Bright Pounds, but as soon as he became unwell they dropped,’ she explains. ‘Even when he had been admitted to hospital with suspected meningitis, they were taken away from his record.’ The unfairness really hit home when Jamie, aged 14, was told by the head of history that he couldn’t attend a school trip to Belgium. The teenager had already gone through months of illness and medical treatment, which left him feeling depressed and lacking confidence. He was stressed that he had fallen behind at school, and was missing his classmates. But his condition was under control and Jamie was excited when his consultant gave him the green light to travel abroad. However, after Alison filled out the forms and paid the balance, the school said that her son couldn’t go in case he fell ill while he was away. It was a decision that hit Jamie hard. ‘He is really good at dealing with things, but I’ve never known him so destroyed,’ remembers his mum. ‘It was on par with when he was told he had Crohn’s. It was Jamie’s first step in normality and being able to do stuff with his friends. He’d planned the room he was going to stay in. It came as a real shock when he couldn’t go.’ To make matters worse, some pupils made fun of Jamie because he couldn’t go on the trips, and was told that he would end up in a dead-end job because his attendance was so bad. Then, to top it all, later that year he learned that kids with 100% records were being invited to a local theme park. ‘It felt like a never-ending battle, this illness is with him for life,’ says Alison. ‘He can’t not go to his treatment. He will never, ever have 100% attendance. Of course he would much rather be in class than having needles stuck in him. ‘It really was so upsetting. He just felt like he wasn’t wanted. He felt like a real inconvenience.’ Despite his setback, Jamie passed his GCSEs and is now thriving at college, where he is receiving a much better approach to balancing his education with his illness, says Alison. ‘When he has his treatment, his tutor will tell him not to come in the next day, to get all the rest he needs and gives him extensions to make sure he can get all his work done,’ she explains. ‘He’s doing really well.’ Dr Gabrielle Pendlebury, Clinical Director of Psychiatric Services at mental healthcare company Onebright, says studies show rites of passage are strongly associated with self-esteem and identity. ‘They promote positive developmental progress by allowing reflection and preparing the young person for the next developmental stage, which promotes independence,’ she explains. ‘It also marks the young person as being part of a community. ‘Missing out can be disappointing. Young people can feel that their transition to adult society has not begun or been marked, which may lead to them not making developmental progress as early as previous generations. There may be an impact socially as they have missed the chance to bond and affirm their place in the community and society.’ Gail Crampton was so incensed by her daughter’s schools’ approaches, she made them change their attendance policies. It began when Isabelle, now 15, was just ten. She had been ill for years with Crohn’s disease which left her at death’s door. ‘By the time she got diagnosed at the age of ten, she was virtually dying,’ explains Gail. ‘She was skin and bone. We had to carry her around.’ When Isabelle’s school put on an inflatable fun day to congratulate certain pupils for their excellent attendance, Gail says she felt heartbroken when her daughter was made to sit it out, as her attendance rate stood at around 50%, due to her ‘rollercoaster’ disease. ‘Isabelle and around three other children had to sit in all afternoon and watch all the other children go on the bouncy castles,’ she says. ‘Did that make her not have Crohn’s disease? Did that make her well? Did it make her feel empowered or better?’ Isabelle tried to swallow her disappointment at the time, but her mum complained to the school, who then scrapped the system. However, when she then went into Year 7 at Wombourne High School in Wolverhampton, Isabelle experienced it all over again. ‘It was one of the first terms, and her friends came home and said we’re all going ice skating for attendance awards, and I thought – “I’m not having this again”,’ remembers Gail. ‘She said she was okay, but she wasn’t. And it hurt me. It’s a double punishment. You’re already ill and then you don’t get to go on trips. It’s unfair and it’s cruel.’ Isabelle – who had been battling chronic pain, bone-deep fatigue and sore joints – missed out on the trip. But again, Gail spoke to the school and got the policy changed. ‘It’s never happened again,’ she adds. ‘She’s invited to everything now, which is exactly how it should be. I hear these stories all the time. It’s continual; children aren’t allowed to be prefects, they don’t get to go on trips. It’s very cruel. ‘A lot of these children feel so awful. Their mental health is so shocking anyway, and then they don’t get to take part in things. Why are we doing this to kids who are already compromised? Why are we making them feel so different and so bad for something they didn’t choose? I’d like to see all these policies scrapped.’ Meanwhile, Claire tells Metro.co.uk that she was so determined her daughter Molly wasn’t going to be left out and organised a surprise prom for her daughter to attend. ‘I knew she’d be on social media, seeing all her friends get ready, and that we’d end up with a very sad child,’ explains Claire. With meticulous planning, she tricked Molly into putting on a dress, explaining that a photographer friend needed her to model it. They bundled her into a car, and drove her to local pub, where her friends opened her car door and presented her with a sash, crown and corsage. Talking about that special day, Molly says: ‘I was gutted not to be invited to my prom. It was a chance to celebrate the end of school and say a proper goodbye to my friends. ‘Coming to terms with a chronic illness that causes so many problems has been so hard. Crohn’s is such an unpredictable disease. ‘I was dreading prom day but it turned out to be amazing. I’m so lucky I have great family and friends who made this happen for me.’ ‘It was an amazing night,’ Claire adds. ‘Once Molly stopped shaking, she told me she hadn’t felt this happy since before her diagnosis.’ A spokesman for Oasis Community Learning, the Trust overseeing Jamie’s school, says: ‘At Oasis academies, we support all of our young people to learn the skills and develop the habits they need to be ready to learn each day, and for when they leave school to go onto further education or a place of work. This includes the importance of attending school when they are well enough, timeliness, following uniform guidance and ensuring that they are prepared for the school day ahead. ‘Whilst we are unable to comment on an individual student, our staff teams work hard to ensure that rules of this nature and associated rewards are applied fairly and compassionately. If any of our parents have any concerns about this or any other issue, they are encouraged to contact the school directly.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted St Edmunds Catholic School and Wombourne High School for comment. *Jamie’s name has been changed Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Claie.Wilson@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Girl with chronic illness not allowed at prom ‘because of poor attendance’ MORE : ‘You never know when you might flare up, day to day life is unpredictable’ – Young people share what daily life is like living with Crohn’s and colitis MORE : Girl,12, with juvenile arthritis on the loneliness of living with long-term illness