A journalist says she was forced to change her clothes while attending an execution after prison officials in Alabama said her skirt was too short. Ivana Hrynkiw Shatara turned up at the Alabama Department of Corrections (ADOC) alongside other reporters to see convicted murder Joe Nathan James Jr’s death sentence carried out on Thursday. But she said she was stopped when she got to the media centre at William C Holman Correctional Facility in Atmore and told by staff that her outfit was in breach of the prison dress code. James, 50, was convicted over the 1994 shooting of his former girlfriend Faith Hall, 26, in Birmingham. Ms Shatara, managing producer for website AL.com, said she had worn the same skirt to other executions at the same facility ‘without incident’. In a statement posted to her social media, she recounted: ‘I was not going to share this story but after another member of the media called attention to it, I want to get the story out there. ‘Tonight a representative of the Alabama Department of Corrections told me publicly I couldn’t view the execution because my skirt was too short. ‘I have worn this skirt to prior executions without incident, to work, professional events and more and I believe it is more than appropriate. ‘At 5’7 and 5’10 with my heels on I am a tall and long-legged person. I tried to pull my skirt to my hips to make the skirt longer but was told it was still not appropriate.’ She said a photographer from a local TV station offered up his waterproof waders, only for staff to again turn her away on the grounds her ‘open toe heels’ were too revealing. After running out to her car to slip on a new pair of tennis shoes, she said she was finally able ‘to do my job’. Ms Shatara went on:  ‘This was an uncomfortable situation and I felt embarrassed to have my body and my clothes questioned in front of a room of people I mostly had never met. ‘I sat down, tried to stop blushing, and did my work. As women often have to do. If you read this far, you get a medal. Thank you for your support!’ Another reporter, Kaitlyn Ross, replied saying she had also been turned away from a government facility because her outfit was judged to be ‘too revealing’, adding: ‘It’s exhausting to be a woman. ‘You did a great job under ridiculous circumstances. I’m sorry this happened.’ Kelly Ann Scott, editor in chief and vice president of content for Alabama Media Group, which owns Al.com, called Ms Shatara’s treatment ‘unacceptable and unequal’. She said: ‘I’m proud to work with Ivana, who despite this treatment, continued to report the story with professionalism to our audiences in Alabama. ‘This was sexist and an egregious breach of professional conduct. And it should not happen to any other reporter again.’ The website reports that an ADOC spokeswoman later phoned Ms Shatara to apologise for the strict enforcement of the dress code and the embarrassment caused. The statement went on: ‘The wardens of each ADOC facility enforce this dress code based on each event and current safety conditions. It will be the policy of ADOC in the future to remind all members of the media about this dress code before any media event taking place at an ADOC facility. ‘We apologize for any confusion or inconvenience this regulation may have caused. We hope by including it in future media advisories, we can avoid this kind of situation.’ James received a lethal injection after the US Supreme Court denied his request for a stay. Officials said he was declared dead at 9:27pm after the start of execution was delayed by nearly three hours. Prosecutors said James briefly dated Hall and he became obsessed after she rejected him, stalking and harassing her for months before killing her. On August 15, 1994, after Hall had been out shopping with a friend, James forced his way inside the friend’s apartment, pulled a gun from his waistband and shot Hall three times. Hall’s two daughters, who were aged just three and six when their mother was killed, said they wanted James to serve life in prison instead of being executed. A statement issued on behalf of the family said: ‘Today is a tragic day for our family. We are having to relive the hurt that this caused us many years ago. ‘We hoped the state wouldn’t take a life simply because a life was taken and we have forgiven Mr Joe Nathan James Jr for his atrocities toward our family. ‘We pray that God allows us to find healing after today and that one day our criminal justice system will listen to the cries of families like ours even if it goes against what the state wishes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.