A newlywed couple whose baby was born 48 hours before their insurance policy kicked in face a £50,000 bill to bring him home from their honeymoon. Louise and Stephen Crawshaw-Bowen’s son Wolfe arrived nearly eight weeks early on July 25, and is in intensive care in Antalya, Turkey. The tiny boy’s parents now face crippling hospital bills for his care as he needs assistance breathing, and is stricken with a lung infection. They thought they had a holiday insurance policy which would cover them, but Louise said the company told them there was clause in the small print that stated it would only pay out if a baby was born exactly eight weeks premature. The traumatised 37-year-old, from Trowbridge, Wiltshire, said: ‘It’s just so unfair that I sorted out insurance to cover all of this and we’re in this situation. ‘We’re honestly out of options, and I’m not one to ask for help, but we are desperate. ‘I’ve seen my five-day-old baby for two minutes – it’s heartbreaking and we need to get him home.’ Louise was rushed to hospital on Monday, suffering intense bleeding and pain as she went into labour with Wolfe born via emergency caesarean section. The couple claimed they hit a ‘language barrier’ with staff at the hospital when Stephen, 27 and from Halifax in West Yorkshire, was asked to sign a £670 treatment bill. They were also slapped with a £3,782 fee just to allow Louise to leave hospital, which she branded a ‘prison’. Wolfe may need at least another three week’s hospital care and might not be strong enough to travel after that. The newlyweds now face having to sell their house due to the predicament. They have looked at using air ambulances to get Wolfe back to the UK, but say initial figures for the service are £40,000. Louise also says she is suffering constant headaches after being given a spinal block during her caesarean. Stephen added: ‘The insurance company are not paying out because of two days… it feels to us like they were trying to find a loophole to not pay the money.’ Mum-of-five Louise’s three eldest children Ty, 14, Daisi, 11, and five-year-old Teddy went back to the UK on Wednesday with a family friend. The couple are staying in their accommodation at Grand Park Lara in Antalya, also with their 11-month-old boy Ronnie, until they can get him home. A GoFundMe page set up by family in the UK to help with their costs has already raised almost £6,000. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.