One of Boris Johnson’s closest allies, Nadine Dorries, could run to become the next prime minister. The Culture Secretary has reportedly told friends she sees herself as a ‘continuation Boris’ candidate and is ‘seriously thinking’ about running. She believes she can disrupt the political scene even further, to ‘keep Boris Johnson’s flame alive’, it is understood. The friend told The Mail+: ‘Nadine is seriously considering throwing her hat in the ring, as she is passionate about Boris’s levelling up agenda, defending Brexit and fighting woke culture. She wants to keep Boris’s flame alive.’ They added: ‘Nadine is convinced that he would have won an election. She is furious about the treachery of the MPs and ministers who brought him down. ‘She is also privately scathing about many of her putative opponents, such as Penny Mordaunt [trade minister] who is on the wrong side of the woke debate over her obsession with transgender rights. ‘She wants to blind side the arrogance of those who have been plotting against him for months. ‘Unlike them, her word is her bond. She doesn’t stab them in the back, or brief, plot or scheme. If she says she will do it then she goes ahead and does it’. Mrs Dorries is understood to be particularly interested in running if pro-Remain Jeremy Hunt formally enters the race, regarding it as close to a ‘moral duty’ to block his path to power. ‘Nadine subscribes to the widely held view that Jeremy is basically Theresa May without the personality’, said the friend. There are reports that the idea was instilled into her head last week when Channel 4 journalist Cathy Newman asked whether she would run. In response to the claims at the time, Mrs Dorries hit back, and on July 6, she told Times Radio: ‘Absolutely no… it constantly amazes me how many people are deluded into thinking that’s the position that they’d want.’ The potential leadership contender would run on the ticket of defending Brexit, levelling up and fighting ‘woke culture’. In her current job as Culture Secretary, Mrs Dorries has campaigned for radical reform of the BBC and Channel 4, arguing the broadcasters have been ‘captured’ by the Left. She is also an enemy of former chancellor Rishi Sunak, telling friends: ‘Rishi’s claiming Boris stopped him reducing taxes – literally the opposite is true.’ More than a dozen Tory MPs are considering running for the leadership race and confirmed names so far include former chancellor Rishi Sunak as well as Tom Tugendhat and Suella Braverman. However, more names are expected over the next few days, everyone from Liz Truss to Nadhim Zahawi, Ben Wallace, Sajid Javid, Penny Mordaunt and Jeremy Hunt. Mr Sunak is the first of the big names to break cover and announce his leadership today with a glitzy promotional video detailing the history of his family’s life in the UK. During his video, he said: ‘Let’s restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite the country.’ Mr Sunak, alongside former health secretary Sajid Javid, were the first to resign over the Chris Pincher groping scandal, which threw the Tory party into the biggest political meltdown in recent history. Mr Johnson suffered a string of ministerial resignations during his final days as leader of the Conservative Party. During the time, Mr Sunak said he had ‘reluctantly come to the conclusion that we cannot continue like this’ and people expected government to be ‘conducted properly, competently and seriously’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.