Adele has confirmed the rescheduled dates for her Las Vegas residency, months after cancelling the shows last-minute. The Easy On Me hitmaker shared a poster for the rescheduled Weekends With Adele at The Colosseum in Vegas, from November 2022 to March 2023. She wrote on Twitter: ‘Words can’t explain how ecstatic I am to finally be able to announce these rescheduled shows. ‘I truly was heartbroken to have to cancel them.’ The official start date for the residency is November 18, 2022 and it will finish on March 25, 2023. As well as the 24 rescheduled dates, eight more shows have been added. There will be a select number of tickets available across all 32 performances. Adele had been due to start her residency in January this year, but cancelled just one day before it was due to begin in a tearful video. She said at the time: ‘Hiya, listen – I’m so sorry but my show ain’t ready. ‘We’ve tried absolutely everything we can to pull it together in time and for it to be good enough for you but we’ve been absolutely destroyed by delivery delays and Covid. ‘Half my crew, half my team have come down with Covid – they still are – and it’s been impossible to finish the show. ‘And I can’t give you what I have right now and I’m gutted. I’m gutted and I’m sorry it’s so last minute. ‘We’ve been awake for over 30 hours now, trying to figure it out and we’ve run out of time.’ Adele continued: ‘I’m so upset and I’m really embarrassed and I’m so sorry to everyone that’s travelled again. ‘I’m really, really sorry. I’m really sorry. We’re on it – we’re going to reschedule all of the dates, we’re on it right now.’ She assured fans: ‘I’m going to finish my show and I’m going to get it to where it’s supposed to be. I’m so sorry, it’s been impossible. We’ve been up against so much and it just ain’t ready. I’m really sorry, I’m sorry.’ Tickets for her residency had sold out in minutes, with the star being expected to net over £500,000 per night for her run in Las Vegas. The residency had been due to begin on January 21, 2022 and Adele was scheduled to play two shows per weekend until April 16, 2022. The star most recently returned to the stage in London for BST Hyde Park. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele and boyfriend Rich Paul relax on yacht amid romantic getaway to Sardinia MORE : Adele will reportedly open her Las Vegas residency in November 2022 after cancelling due to pandemic  