Members of the Beyhive around the world are bowing down as Queen Beyoncé Knowles heralds a new era in her expansive career, with the release of her seventh studio album Renaissance. The first track to debut from the record, Break My Soul, sent fans into a frenzy across the globe, hinting at the disco vibe fans are expecting with the superstar’s new music, as they wait to hear songs including Virgo’s Groove, Alien Superstar and Thique. The release of a new Beyoncé album isn’t just about the music – it’s about the artist’s entire vision, from her cover art to the elegant, regal, futuristic aesthetic she brought with the looks from her recent awe-inspiring British Vogue photo shoot. The 40-year-old has gone through a huge style evolution over the years, constantly evolving to reflect herself as an artist and a person, and her dedicated fandom has followed her every step of the way. From those unforgettable matching ensembles she used to wear with Destiny’s Child to her iconic bumblebee yellow hoodie and denim short combination at Coachella, let’s take a look back at how her style has evolved over the years. Destiny’s Child wore many matching outfits during their heyday, but this particular emerald green choice for the 2001 Grammys is definitely one of the most unforgettable. Beyoncé took centre stage alongside Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams, the trio glistening in sequins on the night they won their first ever Grammys for Say My Name. When people think of couples wearing matching ensembles, their first thought might go to exes Justin Timberlake and Britney Spears, who famously were in sync in double denim at the 2001 American Music Awards. However they weren’t the only ones, with Jay-Z and Beyoncé – who started dating in 2000 – showcasing their take on the denim trend the following year, with the pair continuing to boss the fashion world in the years since. There are few tracks that can get people moving and shaking the way Crazy in Love does when those first chords hit. The song debuted several iconic outfits for Beyoncé, including her unforgettable denim short and vest top combo and the low-cut purple dress she wore to perform the track at the BET Awards in 2003. In 2004, two legends took to the stage at the Grammy Awards, as Beyoncé joined Prince on stage to perform a medley of his hits. Prince donned his signature shade of purple, while Beyoncé stunned in a hot pink number, complete with cut-out sides, embellishments and feathers for an electric show. Is there anyone else who could pull of silver sparkles up their entire leg like Beyoncé? We’re going to say… most probably not. In 2007, Beyoncé received her first and only acting Golden Globe nomination for best actress in a motion picture comedy or musical for her stellar performance in Dreamgirls. She might not have gone home with the award, but she looked every inch a gold statuette herself, donning an Elie Saab gown for the ceremony. At the MTV Video Music Awards, Beyoncé revealed on stage following her performance of Love On Top that she was pregnant, unbuttoning her sequinned blazer on stage to debut her baby bump. That same night, she wore a red-orange Lanvin gown to present her baby bump to the photographers, her hair swept to the side in an elegant low ponytail. As well as fashion, Beyoncé’s hairstyles have also evolved over the years, with the singer winning the fringe game in 2012. Here she was that year at a basketball game in New York City, donning leather-look trousers and a casual T-shirt to watch the New York Knicks take on the Brooklyn Nets. Beyoncé brought the glamour when she performed the national anthem at the 2013 inauguration for US President Barack Obama, wearing a black gown with sheer sleeves designed by Emilio Pucci. She completed her look with dazzling green Lorraine Schwartz earrings as she belted out the melody during the event. Beyoncé’s Drunk In Love era saw her go for the snip when it came to her hair, making us all wish we could pull off a long bob this easily. The white lace dress she wore for the 2014 Grammy Awards – created by designer Michael Costello – was definitely one for the ages. There aren’t many people who would have the gumption to wear an almost-completely sheer dress at the best of times, let alone at the Met Gala. But of course, Beyoncé is not among them, delivering one of the most unforgettable looks in the history of the spectacular event in 2015 with the delicate Givenchy number. We still can’t get over this matching moment from Beyoncé and her eldest daughter Blue Ivy Carter in 2016, when they walked hand-in-hand at the MTV Video Music Awards. Beyoncé stunned in feathers galore in a Francesco Scognamiglio gown, while Blue looked as cute as a button. Three years after headlining the Super Bowl halftime show, Beyoncé returned as a guest alongside Bruno Mars and Mark Ronson for Coldplay’s headlining set, a day after releasing the song Formation from her 2016 album Lemonade to the world. Beyoncé’s ensemble paid homage to Michael Jackson’s Super Bowl performance outfit, while her backing dancers’ outfits referenced the women of the Black Panther Party. While pregnant with twins Sir and Rumi Carter, Beyoncé delivered a sensational performance at the 2017 Grammy Awards, wearing an incredible gold dress and headpiece on stage. Later on, while celebrating the two accolades she received that night, she wore a glitzy red sequinned creation by Peter Dundas, which seemed to take a leaf out of Jessica Rabbit’s book. As Lady Gaga might say, Beyoncé’s headliner’s performance at Coachella 2018 was brilliant, incredible, amazing, show-stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before… and so many more superlatives that we can’t even think of. The singer donned several outfits for the historic night, but we have to highlight the yellow hoodie and denim shorts duo in particular. On the night that Beyoncé brushed shoulders with Meghan Markle at the European premiere of The Lion King in London in 2019, she was the star of the show on the yellow carpet. The singer looked like royalty in a custom yellow gown by Vietnamese-based designer Nguyen Cong Tri. Beyoncé took home four Grammys at the 2021 ceremony, including two with Megan Thee Stallion for her featured performance on the remix of the rapper’s track Savage. She wore a custom black leather mini dress by Schiaparelli haute couture, accessorising with matching black gloves and sheer black tights for a unique and mesmerising look. Move over tennis whites… Beyoncé’s here bringing neon yellow to the fore, and we couldn’t love it any more if we tried. At the 2022 Oscars, the artist performed her song Be Alive from the film King Richard, which tells the story of Serena and Venus Williams’ father Richard Williams, bringing the house down with her vocals while looking as chic as can be in the process. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyonce fans fume as Renaissance album ‘leaks online’ days before release date MORE : Beyonce fans think Renaissance is dedicated to her ‘fabulous’ late gay uncle 