Inflation almost at 10%. Energy bills up 50%. The cost of filling up the car skyrocketing in a matter of weeks. Altogether this means we’re in a cost of living crisis. But what do all the numbers, economic trends, government debt figures and forecasts actually mean for ordinary people? In a new series, Metro will take the big money stories from the past seven days and break them all down into what you really need to know. No jargon. No spin. Just making money make sense. The Bank of England Financial Stability Report came out this time last week and, according to analyst Danni Hewson of investment firm AJ Bell, it ‘sent a shiver through London markets’. It made a point of saying banks are ‘fit and ready to deal with the downturn that’s heading their way’, says Hewson. ‘But they’ve been told to double the buffer set aside to deal with the unpredictability of recession.’ So, if the banks are healthy but they need to keep twice as much cash aside, who is the money there to ‘buffer’? It’s us. The bigwigs at the Bank Of England are worried we will start to miss bill payments and fall behind on our mortgages because everything is getting so much more expensive, all at the same time. Moderately good news for us is, this probably means the big Bank is telling the high street banks they need to get ready to carry the can for a while when cracks start to show in customer finances. Across European countries, only households in Greece and Cyprus saw a worse financial deterioration between 2007 and 2018 than in the UK, a report from the Resolution Foundation think-tank revealed. Germans took home 19% more pay than Brits, while Irish workers got 6 per cent more and the French were paid 10% more. The Resolution Foundation published research this week that showed Britain’s richest 10% are ‘considerably’ richer than the richest in other wealthy countries around the world. They own an incredible 29%, almost a third, of all disposable income in the entire country – ie spendable on the nice-to-haves. Those in the richer bracket included homeowners with a mortgage, childless couples, people living in the South-East and those aged 55 to 60. Renters in both social and private housing got a very raw deal, living on the lowest typical incomes in Britain. Social tenants took home nearly 40% less than the median UK earner while private tenants earned a quarter less. While toddlers aren’t yet being sent out to work, children under the age of five were relying on a household income 20% lower than a worker earning the average wage. Between 1961 and 2005 British workers saw their pay rise around 25% every decade, Resolution Foundation analysis showed. Since then typical incomes have grown less than 1% a year in Britain, while the poorest fifth of the population now earns less than in 2005. UK consumers racked up a massive £800million in credit card spending, overdrafts, personal loans and car finance in the month of May alone. Official numbers from the Bank Of England said half of that was stuck on credit cards, which charge interest anywhere between 18% and 35%. Those with overdraft interest will be paying a whopping 40% to service that debt. If you can pay it off with savings, do it now. Otherwise, switch your balance to a zero per cent interest balance transfer card if you can. A report from the financial watchdog out this week found many people in difficulty with money are missing out on vital support because they are worried about stigma and don’t know where to turn for help. With 15 per cent of UK households admitting they are having money problems in the confidential survey, it means millions of people struggling to keep up with bills and debt repayments are probably spiralling into an even worse situation. StepChange Debt Charity: 0800 138 1111 PayPlan: 0800 280 2816 National Debtline: 0808 808 4000 Citizens Advice: 0800 144 8848 Debt Advice Foundation: 0800 622 61 51 Turn2Us: 0808 802 2000 If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. MORE : You may be in line for a refund on your energy after 500,000 were billed wrongly MORE : Easy hints and tips to help you save money this summer 