An inquest has heard how a ‘forgotten’ medical secretary lay dead on her sofa for more than two years. The skeletal remains of Sheila Seleoane were found by police who forced their way into her flat in Peckham, London, in February. Neighbours had spent months pleading for a welfare check following a ‘foul’ smell emitting from the home. Flies and maggots had been reported throughout the Lord’s Court block of flats. It wasn’t until Storm Eunice hit the UK in February that action was taken. A huge gust of wind had blown open Sheila’s balcony door, and the loud banging led to further requests for a welfare check. Since finding Sheila’s body, police have ruled out any suspicious circumstances surrounding her death, thought to have happened in August 2019. Peabody Housing has since come under fire for failing to make contact with the 61-year-old once payments stopped. An application had been made by the housing association to have her rent paid directly from her Universal Credit payments. ‘No one came to look for her’, a distraught neighbour previously told the Guardian. ‘It’s so hard to understand why none of her friends or colleagues or her boss missed her.’ An inquest this week heard how Sheila has last paid rent in August 2019. She is thought to have died that month, MailOnline reports. The 61-year-old had made a second doctors appointment following breathing difficulties but never attended the appointment. The following year, officials tried to gain entry to her home for a routine gas inspection. Sheila’s gas supply was cut off after they failed to get in. Wells Chomutare, director of neighbourhood at the Peabody Housing, told the inquest that he did not have power to force entry into the flat. He added: ‘We did not connect the dots to paint the picture of Ms Seleoane.’ Peabody has made 37 recommendations about how they treat their clients in the wake of Sheila’s death. Staff are said to be ‘devastated’ at the tragedy. The company has vowed to make contact with all tenants they haven’t directly spoken with for a year. Under new changes, staff will be on the look-out for changes in behaviour such as a failure to pay rent. Shelia’s remains have been sent to relatives in South Africa, who she reportedly never met. She was identified through her dental records and was found wearing a pair of pyjama bottoms and a white top. Her funeral was held two months after her body was found in February. Just two people – an estranged brother and a representative from Peabody Housing – were in attendance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.