Amanda Holden is on a Greek holiday which just ouzos luxury and it’s only getting feta and feta (unlike these jokes!). The Britain’s Got Talent star has been living it up in Greece with her family, just a couple of weeks after her Sicily vaycay, where she chilled in the pool on a blow up unicorn. It’s alright for some, eh? On her latest Odyssey, the Heart Breakfast host has been sharing blissed out videos and snaps to her followers, who clearly are not jealous at all. Sharing a pic on Instagram of a boat in crystal blue seas, the 51-year-old quipped: ‘Another tough day.’ Amanda also posted a video on her TikTok account, soundtracked to a mashup of Chiquitita by Abba and Benny and the Jets by Elton John, showcasing her impressive aquatic abilities. Sporting a black bikini and matching sarong, the star struts up to a swimming pool before performing the perfect dive, without even a moment’s hesitation. However, while Amanda looks so chill on her travels it’s envy-inducing, she would not have the same attitude if her daughter, Lexi, applied to enter the Love Island villa. Amanda admitted the 16-year-old is ‘obsessed’ with the dating show, but she’s not allowed to follow in the footsteps of 19-year-old Gemma Owen and ever appear on the ITV2 show. In a recent discussion about the reality series, Amanda revealed: ‘This is becoming a bit of an obsession with my teenage daughter at home now. ‘She’s never taken one scrap of interest in Love Island and now is all over it, which worries me slightly bearing in mind Michael Owen’s daughter is on it. And I’m like “You ain’t ever going on it, Alexa!” Jamie Theakston, Amanda’s Heart Breakfast co-host, then quipped: ‘Imagine if she did, she’d be perfect for the show.’ Having none of it, Amanda shut it down quickly, retorting: ‘I can imagine it and she’s not! Mama said no! She loves me too much, she won’t do it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gemma Collins and Amanda Holden dig out BBQs and pool floats as celebrities bask in heatwave – while Rylan curses at scorching temperatures MORE : Amanda Holden enjoys cat-calling – she does not speak for me 