Images of a family sleeping on the floor next to the bins in Heathrow just about sum up British airports this summer. Holidaymakers are being met with queues and cancellations as the holiday industry struggles to deal with a surge in demand. Passengers up and down the country have reported waiting for hours to find out their flight has been delayed or scrapped altogether. Images of baggage chaos have continued to circulate on social media, while another Heathrow customer said passengers were ‘missing flights’ because of queues and claimed there was ‘zero communication’ from staff. An airport spokesperson apologised to the passengers online and said staff were working hard to get things moving – but people are still being warned to turn up three hours early for flights. Travellers were seen trying to get some sleep wherever they could in Heathrow Terminal 2 this morning as yet more bad news about holidays this summer landed. British Airways confirmed it would cancel yet more flights on top of the ones it has already pulled the plug on. The airline said it would now be reducing its April-October schedule by 11%, having said in May the cuts would amount to 10%. A spokesperson said: ‘As the entire aviation industry continues to face into the most challenging period in its history, regrettably it has become necessary to make some further reductions. ‘We’re in touch with customers to apologise and offer to rebook them or issue a full refund.’ The Telegraph BA was cancelling more than 650 flights from London’s Heathrow and Gatwick airports to destinations including holiday spots in Spain, Portugal and Greece, affecting up to 105,000 travellers. Yesterday, EasyJet’s chief operating officer quit amid turmoil for customers flying with the company. Peter Bellew resigned to ‘pursue other business opportunities’ after leaving Ryanair to join the airline two-and-a-half years ago, a spokesperson said today. It comes after the company apologised to customers for failing to ‘deliver the service they have come to expect from us’. Airports and airlines alike are struggling to recruit staff and meet demand after laying off thousands of workers during the Covid-19 stasis the industry was plunged into. The government has called on firms to plan ‘realistic’ timetables after it became clear companies were advertising more flights than they were equipped to operate. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.