Temperatures are expected to soar this week as the large areas of the country sizzle in potentially record-breaking temperatures. The Met Office said highs of 33°C are expected in some areas this afternoon, with central, southern and eastern England all experiencing the rising temperatures during the heatwave. It could mark the hottest day of the year so far, with the UK’s record high for this year currently standing at 32.7°C which was recorded at Heathrow on June 17. The warm weather is expected to continue through the week in the high 20s for most until the weekend, when the mercury may rise again to 31°C in places such as London, Reading and Oxford. This means parts of the country will be hotter than some of the world’s top beach destinations, including the Maldives and Marbella in Spain. But the hot weather comes with a warning, with a Level Three Heat Health Alert has been issued by the Met Office and the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA). The warning, which is the second most severe, is in place from 9am today until 9am on Friday, while the rest of the nation is under a level two alert. The four-level system highlights the potential health impacts of high temperatures. Those most at risk from the heat are older people, those who find it hard to cool down and people who spend a lot of time in hot places or outside. To keep cool people are advised to stay hydrated, keep out of the sun between 11am- 3pm and avoid exercising during the hottest parts of the day. Meanwhile, water companies are urging people to ration water supplies to prevent limits from being imposed. Anglian Water, which supplies water to 7 billion people in the east of England and Hartlepool is asking people to take five-minute showers, reuse washing up water in their gardens and skip giving their car a wash. SES Water is also urging people to take similar measures and advising customers may experience low water pressure as the network faces increased demand. Met Office forecaster Greg Dewhurst said England and Wales will experience sunshine on Monday, while Scotland and Northern Ireland are expected to have a cloudy day with warm temperatures. ‘For most of us it will be a dry and sunny day, well into the high 20s from the morning, with central, southern and eastern parts of England to possibly see maximum highs of 33°C,’ he said. ‘So it’s very possible tomorrow will be the hottest day of the year so far, it will certainly be on par with the existing record, maybe more. ‘It will also be very warm overnight going into Tuesday, remaining in the low 20s in cities, so many may experience an uncomfortable night.’ The whole of England is largely expected to experience sunny days with some cloud over the next week to match the temperatures of mid to high 20s. The forecaster has predicted it will cool off a little on Friday, with the north-west and north-east of England predicted to have some rain with temperatures reaching highs of 19C, ahead of a warmer weekend. Scotland and Northern Ireland meanwhile are predicted to have a cloudier week ahead, with rain forecast for Tuesday and Friday. Clouds with sunny spells could be widespread across the two areas for the rest of the week, with temperatures remaining in the mid to high teens throughout the week. They will also benefit from the scorching weekend temperatures ahead alongside some cloud, with highs of 22°C predicted in Glasgow and Belfast. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.