Anya Taylor-Joy has reportedly married her partner Malcolm McRae after a year of dating. The Queen’s Gambit star and her beau have been very private with their romance, but recently sparked engagement rumours when Anya was seen wearing a sparkling ring on her hand. Now, sources have claimed that the pair tied the knot. The couple, who are currently in Sydney while Anya, 26, films Furiosa, the prequel to Mad Max: Fury Road, got married in the US before jetting to Australia for the movie, according to PageSix. Neither Anya nor Malcolm, 27, have publicly confirmed the reported news. The pair were most recently seen out in Sydney on Monday, with Anya wearing her gorgeous diamond ring. They looked relaxed as they enjoyed a stroll, with Anya linking her arm through Malcolm’s. The couple made their red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscars after-party in February, but prefer a quieter life. The Peaky Blinders star previously said of her relationship: ‘I’ve finally found someone who will happily sit in silence with me reading. ‘We’re basically 80 years old and seven at the same time and it works really well.’ Anya’s also occasionally posted snaps of Malcolm on social media, including an adorable photo of the pair of them holding hands, which she captioned: ‘Oof supremely happy.’ So cute! Previously, the star opened up to The Guardian about being so private, saying: ‘There’s a beauty in being anonymous, there’s a reason why we’re actors…we’re playing other people, so I think the idea of someone being interested in me—I’m quite a private person—is a bit daunting but I try not to think about it.’ Malcolm is a musician and makes up part of the band More. Anya’s best known for her roles in movies like The Northman and Last Night In Soho, as well as TV shows including The Queen’s Gambit. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Anya Taylor-Joy for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Anya Taylor-Joy sparks engagement rumours as she’s snapped rocking gorgeous ring MORE : Anya Taylor-Joy addresses hope for her to play Elsa in live-action Frozen – and we can totally see it happening 