A supermarket worker has revealed how you can cheat the system and score groceries for up to 90% off – and it’s easier than you’d think. Al Baker, 48, from Aldershot, Hampshire, made headlines after sharing how he lived on yellow sticker bargains after his £300,000 debt forced him into bankruptcy, and how he saved £10,000 over two years as a result. Now, the dad-of-two – who works in a supermarket as part of his many ‘side hustles’ – is spilling his secrets. One of the easiest cost-cutting methods for Al was identifying what time he could score reduced items – particularly the coveted yellow sticker buys. According to Al, who shares money saving tips on his blog The Penny Pincher, timing is everything if you want to beat the growing demand for low-priced essentials. He said: ‘You may have to contend with more significant numbers of rival bargain hunters, but it’s still very much worth the trip to grab a yellow sticker deal. ‘Every supermarket will have different times for reducing their clearance food, so it’s always worth asking a staff member in your local supermarket what time they bring out the reductions.’ In the supermarket Al works at, they begin reductions of around 30% off at 9am, with final reductions starting at around 5.30pm and hitting shelves an hour later. Different departments have different maximum reduction rates, so you can bag between 70% to 90% off your shop. To help you maximise your moneysaving, conquer competition, and land the top bargains, Al has a few stellar pieces of advice. Al says it is imperative to avoid the rush by arriving early – advising to get near the front of the shop for when the bargains are brought out. He said: ‘Saturday night tends to be the best night for the sheer number of reductions, and Monday night is usually the quietest night, in regards to the number of people in the store, so it’s an excellent time to pop in and try your luck.’ Fridays are best avoided, as supermarkets are packed with shoppers looking to stock up for the weekend. Having a partner can help hugely when scoring bargains. Al said: ‘Take someone with you if you can, then you can split up to try and be in two places at once, as often you may find reductions being put out in separate areas of the store at the same time, and this way, you have more chance of grabbing something from more than one section on your visit.’ You might not think the supermarket is the place to be on your guard, but with the competition for best bargains heating up, Al recommends keeping an eye on your goods. ‘Keep your basket/trolley with you at all times,’ he said. ‘Unfortunately, I’ve seen many a person grab a yellow sticker item out of someone’s trolley when they weren’t looking!’ Equally, the supermarket worker advises not overdoing it – tempting though the offers can be. Al said: ‘Take only what you need! I know it can be tempting to grab loads of a product, especially if there is an excess stock of one particular item, but if you aren’t going to be able to use it all, then leave some for others to make use of. ‘This also keeps your bill low and means you aren’t stuck with loads of something that may spoil before using it.’ Being mindful of which produce you need, which will help cut costs, and whether you have room at home for storing it is key, according to Al. He added: ‘Most vegetables, meat, ready meals, bread and even dairy such as butter and cheese can be frozen, so that’s worth remembering when looking at the reductions. ‘Remember, larger items such as joints of meat or large packs of food can always be cut up/split into a smaller quantity, therefore potentially taking up less room, but also allowing you to use that purchase for several meals, rather than just one. Invest in a supply of freezer bags.’ Al advises having a look in your fridge and freezer before you head out shopping, saving you the hassle of ‘significant reorganisation’ when you get home. The dad’s main piece of advice, however? Al encourages people to be courteous to staff members and fellow shoppers alike, making shopping a better experience for everyone. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : EMS workouts that deliver a full-body hit in 20 minutes might be the next big fitness trend – why you should give it a go MORE : Five things to do and see on a holiday to Pag Island, Croatia