A man whose decomposing body was found under a couch in a New York City apartment is believed to have been stabbed to death. The city medical examiner’s office determined late Thursday that the man suffered several stab wounds to his back and neck and was the victim of a homicide, according to authorities. Police have not yet been able to identify the man. ‘The body was so badly decomposed they don’t know who it is,’ a law enforcement source told the New York Post earlier on Thursday. Cops responded to an apartment on Jamaica Avenue near 77th Street in the Woodhaven neighborhood of Queens on Wednesday afternoon after a tenant called the landlord to report a foul smell. Arriving officers gained entry into the unit and found a body pinned under a couch, according to officials. The man had signs of trauma to his back. Emergency responders at the scene pronounced him dead. His body was deteriorated to such a degree that officials suspect he may have been dead for two weeks. The man believed to be the victim was also last seen a couple of weeks ago, sources told the newspaper. However, authorities released no details on the possible victim, including his age. As of Friday morning, no arrests had been made in the case. No information on a possible suspect has been disclosed. The events leading up to the fatal stabbing are under an ongoing police investigation. Anyone with information is asked to contact the police department’s Crime Stoppers. The man’s decomposing body was found nearly six months after cops in Slaughter, Louisiana, found the body of a 36-year-old autistic woman fused into a couch, surrounded by her own waste, in her parents’ home. Authorities think that Lacey Fletcher, who had bed sores revealing her bone, may have been confined to the sofa for 12 years. Her parents, Sheila and Clay Fletcher, have been charged with second-degree murder, and their trial could begin as soon as October. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.