Alison Hammond wants Dermot O’Leary to recapture his Big Brother youth by shaving his head again. The This Morning presenter teased her co-star over some footage of him hosting the iconic reality show’s Little Brother spin-off – which he fronted from 2001 to 2008 – as they reflected on their own experiences. On Monday’s episode of the ITV daytime show, Alison teased: ‘What about you? You looked hot back in the day Look at you with the bald head, you should so go back to the bald head! ‘Why don’t you shave your head? Why don’t you shave your head, look how fit you look!’ ‘Call my wife down, see if she’ll let me shave my head,’ he laughed, while Alison quipped: ‘I think it will be a resounding no! But how do you feel seeing that? You were so young?’ Dermot admitted he had ‘the most fun on that show’, while his co-star added: ‘You were so good at that show, really good.’ He laughed: ‘Just that show,’ and Alison teased: ‘Yeah, that one,’ before Dermot let out another chuckle and joked: ‘Such a b***h!’ The pair quickly apologised for the language on daytime telly, and moved onto another segment after a lovely bit of Monday morning nostalgia. It came after the pair had a Big Brother reunion of sorts with Kate Lawler, who won in 2002 – the same year Alison appeared in the famous reality TV digs – and was leading the competition segment, starting with an appearance in Great Yarmouth. She was joined by local circus acts, and a surprise appearance from Love Island alum Ovie Soko – but Alison awkwardly didn’t recognise the former Islander, despite Kate introducing him as he hopped off a bus shouting: ‘Message!’ ‘Alison, for now I’m just gonna have a hug with your favourite,’ Kate teased as they had a cuddle on screen, but her pal didn’t realise who he was. She said: ‘Oh that’s nice! Who’s that? Just out of interest, what’s his name? Oh it’s Ovie! From Love Island! What’s he doing there?!’ ‘Alison, for now I’m just gonna have a fun with your favourite’ She said: ‘Oh that’s nice! Who’s that? Just out of interest, what’s his name? Oh it’s Ovie! From Love Island! What’s he doing there?!’ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Where is This Morning filmed and where was it made in the past? MORE : Alison Hammond and Dermot O’Leary horrified after being warned by travel expert: ‘Assume you’ll never see your checked-in luggage again’ 