The government has set out how emergency discounts on energy bills will be paid out to families this winter. Ministers previously announced bill-payers will receive a £400 deduction on gas and electricity to cushion the blow of soaring costs. There is widespread anxiety about how the toll of spiraling heating prices will hit people this winter, with the cap set to rise to around £3,500 by October. Now it has been confirmed the money will be paid out in installments, with most receiving the benefit without having to take any further action. Households will receive the £400 discount over a period of six months, with £66 knocked off bills in October and November and then £67 per month after that. The discount will be calculated monthly regardless of how customers pay their bills. Ministers have ordered landlords who have energy bills arrangements with their tenants, particularly students, to pass on the discount. The process is simplest for customers with a domestic electricity meter point and who pay for their energy via standard credit, payment card and direct debit. They will receive an automatic deduction without having to take further action – but it’s more complicated for people with pre-pay meters. The roughly four million in that group will receive a discount voucher in the first week of every month via text, email or post. The government has also announced the £400 discount programme is being extended to cover people with more uncommon energy setups, such as those living in caravans. Business and Energy Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng said: ‘People across the country are understandably worried about the global rise in energy costs, and the pressure this is placing on everyday bills. ‘While no government can control global gas prices, we have a responsibility to step in where we can and this significant £400 discount on energy bills we’re providing will go some way to help millions of families over the colder months.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.