Chris Billam-Smith’s latest charge towards a world title shot begins back where it all started this weekend. The cruiserweight contender fights back home in Bournemouth against Isaac Chamberlain on Saturday night, headlining a card for the first time in his career. Billam-Smith’s Commonwealth and European belts will be on the line but a greater prize awaits the winner, who will be able to position themselves among the front runners for a world title shot possibly later this year. ‘The Gentleman’ is well placed among all four of the major governing bodies in boxing but one fight at the top of the division he won’t be pursuing is against WBO champion Lawrence Okolie. The two cruiserweights are frequent sparring partners and close friends who share a trainer in Shane McGuigan working out of their thriving gym in east London. While Okolie soon plans to move up to the heavyweight division to become a two-weight champion, the thought of the two friends meeting in the ring has never been a serious option. ‘Me and Lawrence, we got asked a few years ago about it. But we are friends now and we have both said that fight will never happen,’ Billam-Smith told Metro.co.uk. ‘We are in the same gym to start with, one of us wouldn’t have a coach in the corner. I think Lawrence’s plan is to unify and then move up. I have my own plans.’ Chamberlain seeks to wreck those plans on Saturday. The Brixton fighter is a previous opponent of Okolie’s, sharing a bitter feud with the former that culminated in their rather anticlimactic clash in 2018. There is only so much to glean from that fight that took place over four years ago with Billam-Smith and trainer Shane McGuigan plotting the statement win that will catapult the 31-year-old ahead of his British and international rivals and into title contention. The landscape of the cruiserweight division is tricky to navigate with Australia’s Joe Opetaia rocking it with a stunning win over Mairis Briedis last month to take the IBF title after. Ilunga Makabu still holds the WBC strap with Arsen Goulamirian in possession of the WBA title – having not defended his belt since December 2019. There will be plenty of work for Billam-Smith and his team in the second half of the year but opportunities will quickly present themselves should victory come on Saturday. ‘After this fight we will have a proper route,’ he said. ‘The landscape has changed a little bit with Joe Opetaia winning, he’ll presumably be out until the New Year, I imagine. ‘Lawrence is a stable mate so I won’t be fighting him. With Makabu and Goulamirian, I’m not sure what will happen with them. It’s a bit crazy but hopefully we will know a little more soon. I have to focus on this and we can map at that route once the dust settles. I am in a good position.’ Just who will be guiding the promotional side of Billam-Smith’s career beyond Saturday remains to be seen. The former British champion has signed a one-fight deal with Boxxer and Sky Sports having parted company with Matchroom earlier this year. Boxxer now count some of the UK’s best emerging talent among their ranks including another cruiserweight now on the brink of a world title shot in Richard Riakporhe, someone who Billam-Smith knows every well. His only defeat in 16 professional bouts came against the south Londoner back in 2019 with Riakporhe clinching a split decision win that night. The 32-year-old has smashed his way to the top of the division since, exhibiting his devastating one-punch power in a IBF title eliminator against Fabio Turchi last month. Boxxer chief Ben Shalom also recently revealed there are talks for him to challenge Makabu for the WBC belt. While Billam-Smith is desperate to set the record straight, waiting until there is a world title on the line is likely to serve both fighters best. ‘The rematch will always be talked about because it was such a close fight and because of what I have done since,’ Billam-Smith said. ‘I think if we keep winning then that fight makes sense for a world title. ‘A domestic clash, it is exactly what makes sense. If it happens, it will have to have a world title on the line, be it a vacant one or if one of us goes and claims one first. It is one I would like to happen but I don’t sit and dwell on it and it won’t define my career. ‘It is a business at the end of the day, if you have two guys, two Brits fighting for a world title it makes business sense. Especially when there is the rematch angle, the close fight the first time around, everything there is laid out. If we both keep winning the rematch will come.’ Billam-Smith is right at home at the McGuigan’s gym, home to fighters at world level in Okolie and Daniel Dubois down to the prodigious young talents looking to join them in Adam Azim and Caroline Dubois to name a few. Should his chance to hold world title aloft present itself, all credit will go to the McGuigan family, in particular Shane who he counts as a close friend as well as his coach. ‘The work he [Shane] has done with me, it isn’t a question of how it has shaped my career, it has just made my career in every way. Without him, my career wouldn’t be what it is. ‘His work, Barry [McGuigain’s] work, Jake [McGuigan’s] work, the whole family are really good friends of mine, they feel like family. Without them, my career wouldn’t be anywhere near to what it is now. I’m very grateful and I will forever be in debt to them.’ MORE : Chantelle Cameron in talks to defend super-lightweight titles against undisputed welterweight champion Jessica McCaskill MORE : ‘I will sign a contract today!’ – Tyson Fury insists he will agree deal to fight Anthony Joshua if latest terms are met For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 