Nick Kyrgios and his girlfriend Costeen Hatzi were seen locking lips at Wimbledon after the tennis player was charged with assaulting his ex. The Australian sportsman, 27, was photographed during a practise session at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon on Wednesday, where he was joined by Hatzi, 21. Kyrgios was seen planting a kiss on Hatzi’s lips before pulling a funny face as she pinched his cheeks on the side of the court. The couple were later seen leaving hand in hand after Kyrgios got his practise in ahead of his next match with Chile’s Cristian Garin on Wednesday. It comes after Kyrgios was charged with common assault of ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari on Tuesday and is due to face court in Australia in August, reports the Canberra Times. The alleged incident took place in December 2021 as confirmed by police in Canberra, with Kyrgios being alleged to have grabbed Passari – with the charge carrying a maximum sentence of two years in prison. He and Passari dated from 2020 until late 2021, and while he has yet to address the incident directly, she spoke out after the news broke. Responding to an Instagram comment which defended her, Passari said: ‘Thank you. Finally someone smart enough to understand how the justice system works.’ Kyrgios’s brother Christos addressed the allegations, writing: ‘Haters and liars will always try bring us down – we keep it 100 and push forward.’ Police said on Tuesday: ‘ACT Policing can confirm a 27-year-old Watson man is scheduled to face the ACT Magistrates Court on the 2nd of August in relation to one charge of common assault following an incident in December 2021.’ Barrister Jason Moffett confirmed that Kyrgios was aware of the charge and will not comment on it at this stage, telling the Canberra Times: ‘It’s in the context of a domestic relationship. ‘The nature of the allegation is serious, and Mr Kyrgios takes the allegation very seriously. ‘Given the matter is before the court … he doesn’t have a comment at this stage, but in the fullness of time we’ll issue a media release.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Kyrgios’ ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari breaks silence over assault charge MORE : Nick Kyrgios charged with assaulting ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari in Australia 