A huge shark stunned an unsuspecting fisherman in Wales this week, after swimming right up to his boat. Alex Nel, 32, whipped out his phone to film after he spotted a fin above the waves. The massive beast, around 14ft long, was nearly the same size as his 16f ft boat. ‘What the fk is that?’ says Alex in the footage. ‘It’s a fking shark.’ He later wrote online: ‘Sorry about the language, I was a little surprised to see a basking just casually swimming across the surface of the sea.’ Alex, a dairy farmer, had been on a fishing trip near to Strumble Head in Cardigan Bay near Pembrokeshire. Its an area well know for its vast array of marine wildlife. The shark Alex saw is thought to be a Basking Shark, which are commonly found in UK waters during summer. Described as ‘gentle giants’ by the Wildlife Trust, they are the second-largest species of fish after whale sharks. They can grow up to 36ft in length, but basking sharks over 33ft are rarely seen due to over-fishing which has impacted numbers. Earlier this month, a 12ft-long basking shark was seen off the coast of Tenby, also in Pembrokeshire. Alex Brace and his friend had been enjoying a sailing session when a fin between the waves caught their eyes. He told Wales Online: ’We had just come back in and we were in ankle-deep water when we spotted it. ‘My friend was standing behind me and we could just see these fins in the water, and a couple of seconds later we realised it was a shark. ‘I’ve spoken to a few people and shown them the video and they said it was most likely a basking shark, given the way it was moving.’ Last year, a wildlife ranger captured amazing footage of a basking shark — as it swam along next to him. Craig Nisbet, 42, spotted a shark fin in the water and watched the animal swimming around before grabbing his snorkelling gear and camera in the hope of photographing it. And last April, a 12ft long basking shark mingling with paddle boarders off the coast of Torquay. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.