The government has admitted ‘regrets’ over its handling of the evacuation of animal charity workers from Afghanistan and subsequent questions about how the decision was made. The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office (FCDO) had been under pressure to explain whether there was direction from Number 10 to prioritise the case during the chaotic fall of Kabul. Former Royal Marine Paul ‘Pen’ Farthing, who set up the Nowzad charity to care for stray dogs in the country, launched a high profile campaign as the Taliban swept into the city. Downing Street was forced to deny Boris Johnson personally ordered the case to be prioritised while people at risk of death were struggling to make it out of the country. The Foreign Affairs Committee (FAC) said in a scathing report earlier this year that ‘multiple senior officials’ believed he had and ‘we have yet to be offered a plausible alternative explanation’. It found charity’s workers were called for evacuation ‘at the last minute’ despite not meeting the criteria for a spot on an airlift flight ‘after a mysterious intervention from elsewhere in government’. Now the FCDO has said an ‘error’ in internal communication led some staff to believe the prime minister had made the decision for the charity’s staff to be called up and flown out. The department said ministers and officials had given evidence to an inquiry in ‘good faith’, and ‘at no stage’ sought to be ‘deliberately’ misleading. The FCDO conceded ‘more care should have been taken’ over how the decision was communicated to staff after the report accused the department of giving ‘intentionally evasive, and often deliberately misleading’ responses. A spokesperson said: ‘The government acknowledges again that the way the decision to call forward Nowzad staff for evacuation was made was exceptional. ‘It agrees that, in this particular case, more care should have been taken within the FCDO in how the decision was communicated to staff. ‘It acknowledges again that an error in the way the decision was communicated internally left some FCDO staff believing that the prime minister had made the decision. ‘The FCDO agrees with the committee on the importance of accurate record keeping, even in a complex, fast-moving crisis such as this.’ Nowzad staff eventually ended up travelling into Pakistan rather than on a flight out of Kabul. The dogs were able to leave on a charter flight with Mr Farthing, which the report said absorbed ‘significant’ resources. The department acknowledged it ‘poorly communicated publicly and to parliament’ decision-making process on efforts to evacuate people who did not qualify for the resettlement programme. But it denied its decision to temporarily withdraw the majority of embassy staff overnight on August 14-15 amounted to ‘mismanagement’. The FAC said in its report that ‘under-resourcing of the evacuation effort in a crucial period likely cost hundreds of people their chance to leave the country, and as a result likely cost lives’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.