Love Island’s Jacques O’Neill has no hard feelings towards Paige Thorne cracking on with Adam Collard, after the rugby star left the villa last weekend. Fans saw Jacques make a tearful exit after his romance with Paige hit the rocks after Casa Amor. Things weren’t helped by the arrival of bombshell Adam, who previously appeared on Love Island in series four, and was keen to get to know Paige. After a difficult few days, Jacques announced he would be going home, which left both himself and Paige in tears. However, Sunday’s episode saw Paige and Adam kiss for the first time following a few days of flirting, after Jacques previously gave his blessing for her to move on. Appearing on Love Island’s Aftersun moments after the kiss aired, he seemed chilled out with the prospect of Paige and Adam progressing things. When chatting to Laura Whitmore, he explained of himself and Paige: ‘We had a good connection and were really getting on. ‘I did see things on the outside working between us but as I say, she’s doing what she needs to do.’ He also reminded viewers he’d told the Welsh paramedic to ‘crack on’ after breaking the news he would be leaving just like he did ‘in Casa Amor’. Later on, Jacques and host Laura both became a bit emotional as they discussed his exit, as he told her: ‘I needed to see the boys, my mum. It got way too much for me in there. ‘I was in a situation I didn’t want to be in there anymore,’ with Laura noting: ‘It was a brave decision.’ When quizzed by the host on his ex-girlfriend Gemma Owen also being in the villa, he confirmed the pair had no interest in rekindling their relationship. Jacques told viewers: ‘I wasn’t interested at the start, it wasn’t a big thing for me. When we were together we had a good friendship.’ He then teased it must have been Gemma’s ‘worst nightmare’ to see himself and Luca Bish, who Gemma is currently coupled up with, become such good friends during their experience. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and on the ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish threatens to flirt with new bombshell after watching Gemma Owen ‘flirt’ with Billy Brown in savage Mad Movies clips: ‘I will explode’ MORE : Love Island viewers loving Indiyah Polack and Summer Botwe joining forces after watching Dami Hope’s three-way kiss in Casa Amor before explosive row 