Patterdale terriers Bert, Ernie and Popeye are looking for forever homes after being rescued from the cruel and violent world of badger bating. The poor boys have all been left badly scarred by their ordeals with their previous owners – but they still have gentle and loving temperaments. Centre manager Gary Weeks said: ‘It’s been so rewarding to see Bert, Ernie and Popeye flourish in our care and start to enjoy themselves again after the terrible injuries they suffered. ‘They’re all friendly, sociable dogs who enjoy human company and all of them will make wonderful companions.’ The terrier trio have been cared for by RSPCA staff at the Llys Nini Animal Centre near Swansea. The team helped rehabilitate the canines and now want to see them rehomed as part of the charity’s Cancel out Cruelty campaign. Bert and Ernie, both one year and seven months old, each have multiple scars on their heads and necks. Warning: Graphic content ahead. Poor Bert was missing 75% of the skin and tissue from his lower jaw when he was rescued. He also had a tooth root exposed as well as wounds to his nasal septum and multiple lacerations to his upper lips, cranium and eyes. Ernie had an unhealed wound on his left ear, a laceration on his chin and bilateral conjunctivitis. Popeye, who’s a month older than the other two, was found wandering on a road with injuries to his eye and lower jaw. Gary said: ‘They are currently three of the longest-staying dogs in our care, which is why we are sharing their stories to reach out to potential adopters. ‘Badger baiting is illegal, but sadly it still goes on, causing incredible distress and suffering not only to the badgers but also to the dogs who are used, who often suffer severe injuries that go untreated.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Dozens of dog-sized rabbits being bred for meat rescued from tiny cages MORE : Dog lands owners with ‘massive water bill’ after learning how to turn on garden hose to cool down MORE : Bichon Frise puppy has emergency surgery after swallowing 20 coins