Katherine Ryan is about to have a busy household as the comedian is pregnant with her third child. The TV personality welcomed her youngest child, son Fred, with partner Bobby Kootstra a year ago, and she is also mum to daughter Violet, 12, from a previous relationship. Well, the family are currently celebrating happy news with Katherine and Bobby expecting another baby. Katherine, 39, made the announcement on her podcast, Katherine Ryan: Telling Everybody Everything recently. ‘You should never tell people your due date. If you never tell them, they can never start hassling you around that time,’ she began. ‘I’ve done the unthinkable today. I have a bunch of chores lined up and I asked Miriam (babysitter) to come in. I said “can you come in? It’s too hot”. And I have booked a facial at one o’clock through Urban Massage. ‘I feel really guilty about it. What’s even worse is I’m going to be getting this facial in my kitchen right in front of her face. What kind of Notting Hill parent is like “you look after my child I’m going to do a bunch of work in the morning then right in front of you I’m going to lay on a table and receive a facial while you clean the kitchen around me”. ‘This is not how I was raised. But I just had to do it I’m sorry. I don’t feel well..’ The comedian then informed her listeners: ‘You guys know I’m pregnant, I’ve been pregnant for a while and here’s how I did that. I got pregnant while breastfeeding the first time I tried and to be honest with you I don’t think it’s going to work because I’m 39 – I would have been 38 when I got pregnant. ‘And I thought ‘we’ve got to get the kids out of the way’. You never know how long you’re gonna have and I love my kids. ‘I just thought, “well let’s go for it”.’ Katherine revealed she was breastfeeding Fred at the time and knew she wasn’t ovulating as she wasn’t experiencing ‘notable dryness’. ‘So one day I’m walking around and I feel, you know, damp. And I felt a little more attractive than usual,’ she explained. She added that she felt she was ovulating that month and ‘had a sense’ and ‘didn’t try to get pregnant’. The news comes weeks after Katherine revealed she lied about being pregnant eight months in with Fred to avoid losing work. Her colleagues at the ITV dating series, Ready To Mingle, had no idea about the pregnancy as she feared she would be replaced, claiming expectant mothers struggle to be insured on set. Speaking on Rob Beckett and Josh Widdicombe’s podcast, Parenting Hell, she explained: ‘During my pregnancy I wasn’t telling anyone. You can’t get insured on any production if you are pregnant. ‘Sometimes, if you are important enough, they go the extra mile. You see Holly Willoughby pregnant and that’s because she’s worth it.’ She added: ‘I tried to keep it secret. People just thought I was really fat for ages. I had to keep it quiet. I still needed to work to feed my family. ‘I had been off for the whole pandemic. I walked on to set for Ready To Mingle eight months pregnant.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tasha Ghouri’s dad hits out at ‘vile’ trolling towards Love Island’s Luca Bish: ‘Please stop now’ MORE : House of the Dragon trailer teases savage family battle for Iron Throne as fans finally glimpse Game of Throne spin-off 