So you dare to dream of dating a Leo. You’re going to need some confidence – and a roadmap. Handy, then, that we’re here to provide the latter, with a guide to everything you need to know about navigating romance with this special star sign. Leo is the fifth sign of the zodiac, a fixed sign (born in the middle of a season), a Fire sign (ruled by the passionate element of fire), and governed by the Sun (vital, energetic, confident). Leo’s astrological symbol is the lion. A regal, proud, affectionate, jealous, charismatic, warm, energetic, passionate person who is as un-ignorable they come. Leos always draw a crowd, and if not they can bristle. Having an audience (an admiring one) is their cat nip. Having a Leo in your life will bring passion, drama, highs and lows. You might have to fight for your space and rights at times, as they can be overwhelming (when the mood is on them), but they’re good eggs overall. Just keep them and their ego in check if you can! Here’s what you need to know. Leos are loud, proud, and passionate. They adore being centre stage, receiving applause and praise and will tend live their life like they’re on a show (they are doubtless experts in social media, and probably would make great Love Islanders). There is a natural glamour and polish about a Leo, they love to look good, enjoy feeling good, and like to live life large. They are bold and adventurous, confident and comfortable with taking risks, going beyond their comfort zone, and pushing the limits. They are not shallow or vacuous either (despite their reality TV pretensions…). Leos have an in-built protective gene. They care deeply about the plight of the vulnerable, the weak, the ill, and anyone who is oppressed, bullied, or kept down by others. They will stand up for others all day long, and fight hard for justice, equality, and fair play all round. Leos love to be in love. The thrill of the chase is probably their favourite part of the great game of romance, and they made ardent suitors. They enjoy flirting, playing games, testing affections, constructing drama and living through high octane break ups and make ups. Leos can be highly charged and dramatic, living life at 100mph, or they can be found lazing in bed, literally not moving for days on end. Like a lion. They do tend to bite off more than they can chew in life, due to FOMO, and then come to a place of exhaustion and pressure, at which point they retreat to their lair and conk out. Leos have to learn to balance themselves. Jealousy often rears its head in a Leo relationship, and can make or break things. In a way, jealousy in the mainstay ingredient of most relationship drama and drama is what Leos love, so I guess it’s inevitable that jealousy appears. Leos are jealous themselves, not just of romantic rivals but anything that takes the attention of their object of affection. They also tend to attract jealousy themselves because they work so hard to gain a crowd and get affection. Jealousy, yes, can be an issue… All about that physical touch. Leos are highly demonstrative, expressive, and physical with their love. They’re passionate people with a high sex drive, a desire to perform in the bedroom. If you’re involved with a Leo, you’ll know they don’t shy away from PDAs. They will tell you how they feel. And you can even see it written all over their face. They are not natural liars or diplomats, they wear their heart pretty much on their sleeve. Words of affirmation are key, too. Leo will want, from you, praise, and lots of it. In buckets. There aren’t enough compliments in the world that could satisfy a Leo’s craving for hearing good things about themselves. Give them what they want! Leos get on great with other Fire signs – so fellow Leos, as well as Aries and Sagittarius. Fire signs are the ambitious, noisy, energetic, loving, and chaotic clan of the zodiac and perhaps only a Fire sign can truly handle the dangers and combustible energy of another Fire sign. Leo’s opposite sign (the sign they’re magnetised by in love) is Aquarius. This pair have a total opposites attract energy. Both assertive and confident, but Leo is all physical and passionate, whilst Aquarius is cool and cerebral. Fireworks! Seriously. It’s unlikely the sparks will ever really die down (and if they do… there’s trouble) because Leos live large, love drama, and enjoy shaking things up around them. Teir physical attraction and passion for you is the mainstay of their love, so it’s important that side of life stays interesting too. Routine is boring. Schedules are humdrum. Predictability and conformity are not on the menu. You might find yourself moving homes, changing locations, going on many a last-minute jaunt or holiday, over spending, welcoming visitors you weren’t expecting, and generally feeling like you’re on a rollercoaster. But they will adore you, shower you with gifts and affection, and make life feel like an adventure. If that sounds fun – sign up. If not – move along! Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why Leo season is the best time to get dating (yes, even if you’re not a Leo) MORE : Planetary and astrological baby names are the latest trend – here are the best MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you