It’s a bit hot, isn’t it? If you had not figured that out by now, you could always read one of the 10 billion news stories all about it. In all seriousness, meteorologists much smarter than us have said this heatwave could be dangerous and we should definitely treat it that way – similar conditions have already started wildfires in other countries. So drink some water, don’t choose this week to start running and be nice to each other. In other news, we’re waiting for the Conservatives to elect a brand new prime minister, but we’ll have to endure a bitter leadership race first. And if that’s all a bit much, Nasa’s new telescope has some absolutely gorgeous photos of the universe to remind us exactly how insignificant we really are. Have a grand old sunny Saturday, and remember to make sure all your friends are alright and drink a glass of water for every pint. Temperatures have been climbing throughout the week and are set to hit 40°C by Tuesday. Exceedingly dry and hot conditions have led to fires in fields, while in London a rogue spark ignited a blaze on some train tracks. Peaking at 25°C, Thursday was a bad day for Gatwick Airport to pretty much run out of water after a main burst. Of course, the situation was not helped by the fact airports all over the country are still plagued by long queues and cancelled flights. Although Gatwick will probably have sorted its water issue by next week, the heat will be even worse. The Met Office issued its first-ever red weather warning for extreme heat on Friday, warning of ‘population-wide adverse health effects’ which could lead to serious illness or even ‘danger to life’. The Level 4 warning is in place from Monday at midnight until Tuesday night. It covers areas from south of London all the way past Manchester. Meteorologists have hit back at people downplaying the weather, reminding everyone how dangerous such high temperatures can be. BBC weatherman Matt Taylor said: ‘Heatwaves are among the most dangerous of natural hazards. Heat records are becoming more frequent. Seven out of 10 hottest UK days have been since 2003.’ Other European countries have already seen how serious the heat is with thousands of people evacuated because of wildfires in France, Portugal, Spain and Croatia. The Met Office has advised people to stay at home, close curtains to keep the house cool, wear sunscreen and drink plenty of water. TL;DR: Extreme heat isn’t funny, drink some water and don’t be a dummy. It did not take long for Conservative politicians to put themselves forward to be the next prime minister after Boris Johnson resigned on July 7. The race instantly turned ugly with candidates taking swipes at each other and damaging media reports including old footage resurfacing of Rishi Sunak admitting he has ‘no working class friends’. At the start of the week there were 11 Tories battling to be top dog, including the former health secretary Sajid Javid, but he and six others stepped down or were kicked out following two rounds of votes. The current shortlist is: Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat. More rounds of votes will whittle them down until two candidates remain for the Tory membership to choose between. The winner is scheduled to be announced on September 5 and will automatically become PM, without the need for a national election. MPs supporting losing candidates will have to decide who to back next, which could end up shifting the dynamic of the contest. Some candidates also might drop out at the run-off vote stage, potentially to pledge their allegiance to whoever they think has a better chance of winning. Mr Johnson has chosen not to publicly back anyone so he does not ‘damage’ their chances of winning after his time in office ended with countless scandals and a dramatic exit forced by his former allies. TL;DR: It’s tense time in Westminster. Nasa’s £8.4 billion James Webb Space Telescope was unveiled on Tuesday. This is the first week the telescope has become operational after it was launched from Europe’s Spaceport in French Guiana on Christmas Day last year. The first image was a jaw-dropping picture of the universe as it looked 13 billion years ago, focussing on a 4.6 billion-year-old galaxy cluster called SMACS 0723. Thousands of galaxies were captured in a tiny patch of the sky roughly the size of ‘a grain of sand held at arm’s length by someone standing on Earth’. The photo was unveiled by Joe Biden and Nasa boss Bill Nelson who dubbed it ‘a new window into the history of our universe’. The telescope is the largest and most powerful of its kind and has ushered in a revolutionary era of astronomical discovery. Other incredible pictures included a foamy blue and orange shot of a dying star, the trace of vapour on a distant planet, cosmic cliffs, ‘the formation of stars devouring black holes’ and more. Webb’s use of the infrared light spectrum allows the telescope to see through the cosmic dust and see light from faraway ‘corners of the universe’. Some of the telescope’s photos were broadcast in Piccadilly Circus on Wednesday with many Londoners treated to high-resolution versions of the images. TL;DR: Literal floating rocks are more photogenic than any of us. Prince George stole the show at Wimbledon with his priceless reactions to all the drama and excitement the tournament is famous for. The eight-year-old future king was not impressed when Nicholas Kyrgios swore and yelled during the final. The Australian athlete lashed out at the umpire for not dealing with a woman who was distracting him. He said: ‘Distracting me when I’m serving in a Wimbledon final? There’s no bigger occasion. ‘You didn’t believe me [the first time] and now it’s happened again. It almost cost me the game. Why is she still here? ‘She’s drunk out of her mind in the first row speaking to me in the middle of a game. How is that acceptable? ‘Kick her out. I know exactly who it is. It’s the one with the dress… the one who looks like she has had about 700 drinks bro.’ Hilarious photos show George grimacing and frowning as he takes a sip from a metal cup. The prince looked much happier when he was able to hold Novak Djokovic’s trophy after he won the Men’s Singles final. George gives Novak a big thumbs up when they met before the player handed him the famous pineapple-topped trophy. Once he had satisfied his curiosity, he hilariously declared: ‘It’s a bit heavy.’ Then he handed the trophy to his mum who was standing next to him. TL;DR: Prince George showed he’s been raised a true English gentleman. Here’s some competition for all you overachievers out there – from the only pet to accidentally win a dog show category while out on a secret walk. Bonnie the beagle-cross vanished on Sunday morning from her home in Bolney, West Sussex, with her family immediately starting to search for her. Luckily, dog lover John Wilmer spotted Bonnie, five, running along the road without a collar (as it had been taken off the night before), and realised something was wrong. He was on his way to a dog show, but shared a post on Facebook asking if anyone knew the dog’s owners. The relieved owner, Paula Closier, got in touch with John and they arranged to meet up after the dog show. But john decided to jokingly enter Bonnie in the rescue dog category, as a rescue from the streets of Crete, and she won third place! TL;DR: A lost dog has officially won more competitions than me – by walking down the street. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.