A mum-of-two fell 150ft to her death after getting lost while searching for the ‘secret infinity pool’ in the hills of Snowdonia. Victoria Naomi Luck, 47, from Wolverhampton, had been out hiking near Crib Goch with partner Matthew Radnor when tragedy struck on December 19 last year. The couple had been away for the weekend as part of an early Christmas present after the special educational needs teacher saw the beauty spot on TikTok and said it ‘looked amazing’. An inquest into her death in Caernarfon was told that Ms Luck, a keen walker described as ‘energetic, healthy and active’, along with her partner and their dog, Louis, got lost. The court heard they decided to split up on their way back down, with Mr Radnor taking a route which was easier for their dog to walk down. He said that within a few minutes of Ms Luck heading towards a gully to climb down he heard her ‘yelp’, but did not see her fall. In his statement, which was read out, he added: ‘I called 999 on my mobile, but my battery ran out when I was on to Mountain Rescue. I didn’t know where I was.’ He went on: ‘Louis was clever, I started shouting and he knew something was up, he was looking down the mountain with a concerned look on his face, he knew something was wrong.’ Mr Radnor alerted other walkers in the area that there had been an incident when he began shouting for help. Shortly after a coastguard rescue helicopter from Caernarfon and Llanberis mountain rescuers arrived at the scene and Ms Luck was put on board the aircraft. But she succumbed to her injuries shortly before 3pm. Assistant senior coroner for North West Wales, Sarah Riley, concluded Ms Luck’s death was down to ‘misadventure’. She said: ‘They were on their way back down when she fell 150ft. Mr Radnor did not witness the fall, but did hear her scream. ‘There were no established paths in the area, and this was not a known route to descend Crib Goch. ‘Mr Radnor confirmed that they did not have a map and were not using any apps on their mobiles as navigation aids. Victoria Naomi Luck died from multiple injuries due to a fall from height.’ Following her death, Ms Luck’s father, Gordon, said: ‘Vicky had a large circle of friends and was a mentor to others. ‘She would always help others and her home was always open to those who needed her. ‘She was a devoted mother and a talented caring person. She loved life, had a good sense of humour and was a caring daughter. She will be and is so very sadly missed by everyone.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.