Leave It To Beaver star Tony Dow has died aged 77 following a battle with cancer, his family has confirmed. The actor’s son Christopher had revealed only yesterday that the television star was in his final hours in hospice care. Paying tribute to his father, Christopher said: ‘Although this is a very sad day, I have comfort and peace that he is in a better place. He was the best Dad anyone could ask for. ‘He was my coach, my mentor, my voice of reason, my best friend, my best man in my wedding, and my hero. ‘My wife said something powerful and shows the kind of man he was. She said: “Tony was such a kind man. He had such a huge heart and I’ve never heard Tony say a bad or negative thing about anyone.”’ A statement announcing Dow’s death was also shared on his Facebook page. ‘We have received confirmation from Christopher, Tony’s son, that Tony passed away earlier this morning, with his loving family at his side to see him through this journey. ‘We know that the world is collectively saddened by the loss of this incredible man. He gave so much to us all and was loved by so many. One fan said it best—“It is rare when there is a person who is so universally loved like Tony.”’ The statement continued: ‘Our heart goes out to Tony’s wife, Lauren, who will miss her soulmate of 42 years…To his son, Christopher, who will dearly miss his father, who was also his best friend…to his daughter-in-law, Melissa, who loved him like her own father…To his Granddaughter, Tyla, who will undoubtedly carry on her Grandfather’s kind soul, To his Brother Dion and Sister-in-Law, Judy, and to all of his extended family and friends. ‘Words cannot express how much we will all feel his absence, but will cherish the memories he left to each and every one of us.’ (sic) On Tuesday, Dow’s management prematurely announced his death in a now-deleted post on Facebook. ‘It is with an extremely heavy heart that we share with you the passing of our beloved Tony this morning,’ it read. ‘Tony was a beautiful soul — kind, compassionate, funny and humble. It was truly a joy to just be around him,’ they continued. ‘His gentle voice and unpretentious manner was immediately comforting and you could not help but love him. ‘The world has lost an amazing human being, but we are all richer for the memories that he has left us. From the warm reminiscences of Wally Cleaver to those of us fortunate enough to know him personally — thank you Tony.’ Dow’s wife Lauren revealed his cancer diagnosis only two months ago, although did not stipulate what type. ‘Dear friends and fans of Tony Dow, I have some very sad news to share with you,’ she wrote at the time. ‘Unfortunately, Tony has once again been diagnosed with cancer. He is approaching this reality so bravely, but it is truly heartbreaking. ‘We want to thank you in advance for your caring thoughts. Our Love, Lauren & Tony.’ Dow was born in Hollywood in 1941 and began his acting career with Leave It To Beaver, with almost no experience in the field. He played the role of Wally Cleaver in all 234 episodes of the show, which spanned from 1957 to 1963. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  