Welcome to the new week! We hope it’s a good one, but it’s not a bad idea to get set with advice from the stars, just in case it doesn’t go to plan. Keep that secret to yourself, Gemini. Time to put that recent headline behind you, Capricorn. Read on for your star signs’ horoscope for today, July 11, 2022. Full set of forecasts below. March 21 to April 20 Despite there being some no-nonsense energies on the go, it’s still possible to go off on a tangent and do something you might regret. A desire to escape could encourage you to put your responsibilities to one side, and indulge to your heart’s content. There’s no problem with this, but if you’ve made a promise to someone and then break it, your pleasure may be offset by guilt. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may not want to tell anyone what you have planned for today, for fear they might spoil it. With a strong emphasis on the sign of Cancer, family could be only too eager to meddle in your affairs and make your decisions for you. A need for some freedom and a chance to do what you want can be a motivating factor. Once you’ve had your fun, you’ll be ready to join in again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Thinking about making something public? Think again Gemini, as under today’s nebulous skies it could backfire. Keeping it to yourself is by far the best option. Plus, a delightful Moon/Venus link might inspire you to do some exploring. Someone may take you somewhere you’ve never been for an experience you’ve never tried. If you can, go for it, as it could be unforgettable. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Want to make the best of this day? Then prepare first, Cancer. Whatever plans you have, don’t leave and hope for the best, as things could spiral downhill. The Moon’s angle to dreamy Neptune, suggests planning for every eventuality so you don’t get caught out. But there is another redeeming aspect that can bring a stroke of good fortune, and this may counteract any mishaps. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Watch out for mixed signals, and a desire to hear what you want rather than what is meant. You may be so eager for a result, that you twist someone’s words to suit yourself, which could lead to disappointment. The Moon’s angle with Neptune is a tricky one, especially if you’re emotionally involved. The less attached you are, the easier it will be to flow with events, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 If you can ignore someone’s dithering and inability to make up their mind, today might be a good day, Virgo. A pleasant Moon/Venus link will bring out the best in everyone, and make for a delightful outing or social event. Have a major task to complete? Get family or friends to give a helping hand, and before you know it, it will be finished. Then you can kick back and unwind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Keen to spend on something nice for your home? A sobering Venus/Saturn link, can assist you in finding the perfect thing for the right price. If you have a passion for anything vintage, you could spend some time searching for the ideal item. Chances are, that if you let it go and carry on with your day, a remark or coincidence will enable you to locate it without any trouble at all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 A chat with someone you haven’t heard from in a while could make your day, Scorpio. Maybe they have moved away, or you have both been too busy to connect. A positive blend of energies can make it a truly heartfelt conversation that boosts your mood. And it may inspire both of you to stay in touch more often. Going out? You’ll enjoy the opportunity for good company. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 It’s a time to indulge, with a comforting Moon/Venus link inspiring you to enjoy life’s pleasures and boosting your mood. And it needn’t be anything too major, as even the little things can set you up for a great day. Have doubts about your ability to handle certain issues? Don’t pay them any attention, and they will eventually fade away if you focus on victory rather than failure. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Forget any hassle you’ve been dealing with, and go on a journey of discovery. If something exciting or fascinating calls out to you, why not try it out? If there’s something you’ve wanted to explore, then teaming with others or another, can make it even more enjoyable. There is also potential for an encounter with promise Capricorn, as you and another might click right away. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Forget any issues with work, as today the cosmos encourages you to let it all go and enjoy some peace. The Moon in a lively sector, puts the spotlight on socializing and making new connections. And you’ll find that linking up with someone you haven’t seen in a while, can be truly enjoyable. If you feel a deep-seated need to recharge, make a little time to pamper yourself, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You could become aware of a philosophy that you’ve lived with for so long, it has become a part of you. With an emphasis on your money zone, a flash of insight can help you see it for what it is. Do you have a belief that this is how things are? It may have prevented you from trying anything new. This realization might encourage you to handle your finances more resourcefully. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 10 to July 16 and the second half of 2022 MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you