Parents have criticised a school’s ‘ridiculous’ policy forcing pupils to remain in uniform during the heatwave while teachers could wear cool clothing. Lincoln Castle Academy, in Lincolnshire, decided not to allow children to wear their PE kits in class in the hot weather yesterday. Instead several children were sent home from school under a ‘fixed-term exclusion’ for wearing the wrong uniform. Tanisha Smith, mum of Year 7 student Jessica Smith, 12, said: ‘Lincoln Castle Academy sent an email out to parents saying [the kids] could leave their blazers and ties at home, but they still need to come in their uniforms. ‘I know that the girls that wear skirts have to wear tights still in this weather, and the lads are expected to wear trousers, not shorts. ‘The teachers are wearing nice, flowy, dresses and not wearing tights, and the male teachers are wearing shorts. ‘Some of the parents had decided not to send their kids to school, I decided I wasn’t going to do that because I don’t think her education should be stopped just because of the heat.’ She sent Jessica to school in her PE kit – which Tanisha felt was a sensible and cooler alternative which still featured the school logo – but she was sent home after Tanisha refused to bring uniform to the school for Jessica to change into. ‘My daughter’s come home quite upset that this will now go on her school record, all because the school wouldn’t allow her to wear her PE kit in weather like this, which I think is absolutely ridiculous,’ Tanisha added. She said other parents complained about the decision on the school’s Facebook page, claiming ‘hundreds’ of mums and dads had experienced the same issues. ‘One parent went up to the school to pick their kid up, and there was a bunch of other kids outside waiting to be picked up,’ Tanisha added. ‘I don’t understand their point at all.’ The uniform policy was in place yesterday, but the school’s Facebook page appears to have since been deleted. Lincoln Castle Academy has not commented. Metro.co.uk has also contacted the school for comment. The UK today recorded temperatures which exceeded 40°C for the first time ever, according to the Met Office. Forecasters have warned the extreme weather poses a danger to life, will cause transport disruption and will add pressure to the NHS. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.