Dave Myers has revealed his chemotherapy is working as he undergoes treatment for cancer. The 64-year-old Hairy Bikers star – who revealed his diagnosis in May – has opened up on the side effects of chemotherapy, while admitting he’s developed some unlikely cravings including rediscovering a childhood favourite drink. ‘At the minute I’m going through treatment for cancer and it’s like another chapter,’ he said during an appearance on Kate Thornton’s podcast White Wine Question Time. ‘I went to the doctors complaining of certain bits and bobs and the next thing I know I got a phone and told it’s a tumour and I’m going to have chemotherapy. ‘Fortunately, the chemo is working but it’s the effect chemotherapy has on you. Everyday is a school day.’ Dave is doing his best to stay strong, and he simply described some of the side effects as ‘irritating’. He added: ‘My eyes are sore because my eyelashes have fallen out – it’s crap like that that’s really irritating. But I’m getting there. I’ve got to go in tomorrow for another lot. I’m just getting through it. Meanwhile, the podcaster and TV chef – who hasn’t revealed the type of cancer he’s battling – has also noticed his tastes changing during his health struggle, particularly when it comes to having a drink in the evenings with his wife Lily. ‘I’ve got a craving for cottage pie and Vimto. Lil’s sitting down with a nice glass of Burgundy, and I’ve got a pint of Vimto. Last time I had Vimto was when I was eight,’ he said. And while Dave is going through a heartbreaking and difficult time, he has promised to ‘never whinge again about anything’ after his recovery, and he wants to ’embrace life’ to the fullest. He said: ‘I wouldn’t wish it on my worst enemy. But when I get through this, I’ll never whinge again about anything. I’m going to embrace life and everything it’s got to offer. ‘I can’t eat garlic at the minute, smells are really acute, it’s all gone belly up. I’m told it will come back.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Hairy Bikers star Si King won’t make any shows without Dave Myers as he battles cancer: ‘There’s no show without Dave’ MORE : Rhod Gilbert undergoing cancer treatment at hospital he’s supported for 10 years: ‘I am in the best possible hands’ 