Welcome to How I Do It, the series in which we get a glimpse into the sex life a new stranger each week. For today’s instalment, we hear from Katie, a 25-year-old working marketing executive. Katie is pregnant, queer and has been living with her partner since 2021. She says sex since then has been ‘better than ever’. Overall, she’s happy with how comfortable she is with herself and her partner in the bedroom. On the flip side, she’d also like things to get a little more frequent and adventurous. ‘We’ve focused on building intimate relationships,’ she explains, ‘so now it would be nice to turn that up a notch’. Here’s how she’s been getting on this week… Finally! A day when my boyfriend and I are both not working. Of course, we start the day extra horny and decide to have some fun. Manoeuvring during sex is still really awkward, and possibly getting worse. Previously, I had been much more comfortable in doggy, but throughout the third trimester, I’ve found doggy really weird as I can feel our baby squirming around more. This time I stayed mainly on my back, which felt amazing. Our sex has been so much better since the fear of falling pregnant has become irrelevant. After my boyfriend came, he finished me off with my favourite combo of tongue and bullet. A great start to the day. We were both up early today to go visit some family before my boyfriend had to work, so no sexy time for us. Not that I was feeling up to it – I was still very much satisfied from yesterday and was struggling with lower back pains and heartburn. My boyfriend started work at 9pm, which gave us enough time to watch some TV while we had dinner together. I took myself up to bed at around the same time he started work as I was shattered. My day started off with lots of blood tests which I hate with a passion. I saw my boyfriend for about 30 minutes today because I was heading out as he was coming in from his night shift. He slept most of the day while I popped out to meet some friends. When I came home at around half seven, he was showering to head back out to work. The joys of shift work. Another day of very little action. I was full of energy, so I clambered out of bed when my boyfriend came home from work at 7am. We sat downstairs talking about our respective past 24 hours, knowing we wouldn’t spend much time together again today. As we suspected, we had no time for anything but a bit of food and a 30-minute chat as he was getting ready for work again at 9pm. I came home from work feeling really emotional today. I’m not sure why, I just wasn’t feeling like myself. My boyfriend was already cooking our dinner and I felt like I could eat the whole tray of pasta bake to myself. After dinner, I snuggled into him on the sofa, but it wasn’t long before we were both fed up with just watching TV. Quite bluntly, I suggested that we should tidy the kitchen and then have sex before he heads out to work again. So, we did exactly that. Although, I did suddenly realise after my boyfriend came that our baby wasn’t moving which is very unusual. For some reason, our child loves to freak me out by squirming around while we’re doing it. I then thought back and realised I hadn’t actually felt them move since around lunchtime. Off to the hospital we went for monitoring. Thankfully, the baby was totally fine. God, I am tired today. I really cannot do late nights to any effect. I felt like I could fall asleep at my desk today, so unsurprisingly I wasn’t up to anything when I got home from work. Before I could get through the door, I was dragged into a 45-minute conversation with my elderly neighbour. She is absolutely wonderful, but she has zero concept of time, bless her. After finally making it into the house, I had a quick shower and made some beans on toast for dinner. I had no energy to even clean up, so I crawled into bed at half seven. I’m feeling slightly better today. I definitely have more energy, but I feel like I never get a full night’s sleep at the moment. I’m either stirring all night or making my way to the bathroom for my sixth pee of the evening. Nonetheless, I feel okay right now. Tonight my boyfriend and I are heading out to a meal with a few friends for my birthday at the weekend. I’m actually really excited as being pregnant has really made me feel isolated in my own body, home and mind. The evening was full of laughter, and we eventually made it home at around 10pm. By that point, we were both ready to sleep and enjoy some more time together over the weekend. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’m in a sexless marriage by choice – we’re happier for it’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘Since getting with my boyfriend, I’ve realised I could be pansexual – here’s my week in sex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I came out of a 20-year relationship and started swinging – this is my week in sex’