Today everything might feel a little off-balance – the Sun is at an angle to Chiron, representative of core wounds and overcoming them. Stay strong! Aries – if family matters come to a head, just breathe and work through the troubles. Cancer – keep your patience with that boss of yours! Scorpio – an opportunity is round the corner… March 21 to April 20 A conflict with a family member could come to a head today. The Sun’s angle to celestial body Chiron might find you willing to discuss matters, even if feelings around this issue are a little raw. This isn’t to say it will be easy, but the Scorpio Moon and another positive angle can help you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Have you been keeping someone at arm’s length? How about being a little more friendly? You could be missing out on a relationship that would be very good for you. Revealing more about yourself might highlight areas where you have a lot in common. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may feel you’ve been roped into something and it goes against your values. There’s no harm in just saying no. Is someone trying to make you feel guilty? This will alert you to the kind of friend they are. Steer clear and focus on people that bring out the best in you and let you shine. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You might be pitted against someone in authority, who tends to be sensitive. Despite your usual empathy, you may feel like telling them where to go. The Sun in your sign angles towards healer Chiron, so this is an ideal time to talk things over. Things can soon shift to the positive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may not feel in the most animated mood, and this might be down to the Sun in a private zone, which can cause energy levels to fluctuate. But the emphasis on a far-reaching sector could inspire you to do some armchair travelling, or you might get a rush of ideas while surfing the net. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may feel a tad on edge for no real reason that you can fathom. If so, it could be down to the Sun/Chiron angle, as interaction with someone might impinge on an old wound or stir up another sensitive issue. Forewarned is forearmed though Virgo. Be easier with yourself and others. Don’t. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If you’re committed to a goal then you don’t want someone undermining your intentions. If they start just when you’re finally getting somewhere, you might not have much patience with them. Ask them why. Their reasoning may be more about protecting you than anyone else. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Something fresh and exciting may be on the cards that can turn your world on its head. You might not be entirely happy with this as it could spoil your current plans. Yet you may lose out if you don’t go for it. There can be opportunities that are way too good to miss. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You are usually very easygoing, but something could flip your switch. Someone else may not be at their best today either, so between you, you might end up falling out, unless you make allowances. Your perspective can be a lot more forgiving, so why not adopt this approach now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If there’s a clash of opinion over a contentious domestic issue, it’s best to handle it with as much grace and sensitivity as you can. With an awkward angle on cards, your words could rub more salt into the wound, so avoid inflaming tensions. Instead, try to pour a healing balm on this matter. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You don’t like anyone cramping your style, which is why you also dislike dictating to others. Today, you may be put into a situation in which you’ll tell someone what to do, or criticize their efforts. With healer Chiron involved in the mix, it pays to be as nice as you can. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 This is a day to enjoy pleasure for pleasure’s sake. The only thing that might stop you is the money needed to take advantage. Don’t forgo this chance to treat yourself, Pisces. If you’ve been busy, then a massage or other healing treatment could do you so much good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 3 to July 9 and Mars' move into Taurus MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you