Passengers say they were left in tears and feeling unwell after being trapped on a sweltering plane in Nice for more than an hour. The pilot of the grounded British Airways flight was forced to let passengers back onto the airbridge to cool down after the heat became too much. The BA flight from Nice to Heathrow was due to depart at 7.35pm yesterday, but earlier delays meant weary passengers were left on the tarmac for 90 minutes without air conditioning. ‘It’s disgraceful. It is hotter than hell on this plane. British Airways is slowly killing us,’ one angry passenger told MailOnline. ‘Passengers are crying and on the verge of passing out.’ ‘It’s truly disgusting that they have no air conditioning. British Airways is literally a joke.’ Two travellers were reportedly taken off the aircraft after becoming ill as the cabin crew and pilot apologised to the passengers for the situation and provided water to flyers. ‘They’re now handing out water and telling everyone to go to the jetty,’ the passenger added. In a video taken by the passenger, fellow travellers could be seen trying to cool down by fanning themselves while others looked fed up with the situation. It is understood that the delays were caused by the plane missing its take-off slot because there was a rotational delay on the inbound service. ‘There are some heavy ATC restrictions in France this evening, which delayed them getting a new slot,’ a BA spokesperson said on Sunday. BA has been beset with problems in recent weeks. The airline has been one of the worst affected carriers in terms of schedule disruption as the aviation industry battles increased demand and staff shortages. In another blow, last week it announced it is going to cut 10,300 short-haul flights until the end of October. The move, which will see flights cut from the start of August, takes the percentage of cancellations across the airline to a total of 13% this summer. In a statement, the airline said it was ‘not where we wanted to be’ but believed the cuts were ‘the right thing to do for our customers and colleagues’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.