Love Island contestant Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu has already proved very popular, with some fans now suggesting she take over as host of the ITV2 series. Ekin-Su entered as a bombshell on day three, alongside Afia Tonkmor, before quickly winning the affections of Davide Sanclimenti. With the pair now one of the strongest pairings in the villa, it wasn’t an easy ride, after Ekin-Su famously crawled around the villa to kiss newcomer Jay Younger. She’s also proved very popular by herself, often being seen hyping up all the girls, and never being afraid to fight her corner. Oh, and we don’t think we’ll ever forget her saying ‘life is a rollercoaster’, to singer Ronan Keating’s son Jack, upon his exit from the villa. With all of that in mind, some fans have now started a bit of a campaign to get Ekin-Su as a host. Taking to Twitter, one avid viewer posted a picture of Ekin-Su, alongside the caption: ‘We need her hosting next season. #LoveIsland.’ This quickly took off, with over 25,000 likes, as the original poster added: ‘She has the natural charisma for it and would have a perfect mix of showing real emotions while staying professional. An absolute queen. ‘No hate to Laura [Whitmore]!’ Laura Whitmore is currently hosting, with this series being her third since taking on the role. One replied: ‘Okay but actually would love her as a new host #LoveIsland feel like she would definitely bring the right energy.’ ‘Yasss, she would through soo much shade and acc give advice, would watch love island just for Ekin #EkinsuForLoveIslandHost #LoveIsland,’ another agreed. ‘I’ve been saying this for the past 2 weeks now. She’d be a perfect host for this show,’ someone else agreed. A viewer added: ‘I would absolutely love to see it.’ Other fans suggested Ekin-Su needed to be given her ‘own reality show’ with another joking: ‘We need her producing next season.’ Basically, we all need a bit more Ekin-Su in our lives. Elsewhere, fans have been voting for their favourite couple remaining in the villa, after an explosive recoupling took place on Thursday night. But who will be voted the current King and Queen of the Love Island Villa, and what will this mean for the rest of the islanders? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island: Who is Chyna Mills? Age, Instagram and job MORE : Love Island’s Andrew Le Page tipped to quit the villa after explosive Tasha Ghouri row 