We are one step closer to finding out who the next Prime Minister will be, following the first round of votes for the Tory leadership race. Eight candidates were on the ballot paper and had to secure at least 30 votes from Conservative MPs to stay in the contest. Jeremy Hunt was knocked out, securing just 18 votes, which will be welcomed by broadcasters afraid of mispronouncing his surname on national TV. Only 25 MPs showed their support for Nadhim Zahawi, who sensationally turned on Boris Johnson less than 48 hours into his job as Chancellor. That leaves Rishi Sunak, Liz Truss, Tom Tugendhat, Kemi Badenoch, Penny Mordaunt, and Suella Braverman in the race. Further rounds of votes among Tory MPs will whittle the shortlist down to two before the Conservative Party members elect the new leader via postal ballot. Even before voting began, Mr Sunak was said to have wooed MPs at barbecues at his Yorkshire Dales mansion, while Ms Truss hosted ‘Fizz with Liz’ drinks parties. Leadership hopeful Tom Tugendhat said the race should be a ‘battle of ideas’ rather than a ‘knife fight in a phone box’. But the race to No 10 is already proving to be a vicious contest, with plenty of backstabbing and ‘dirty tricks’. After all, former Tory MP Keith Simpson once said the Conservative Parliamentary Party was ‘the most sophisticated, but also the most duplicitous electorate in the world.’ The current race has shaped into a war between Boris Johnson loyalists trying to prevent Mr Sunak from winning. Supporters of the outgoing prime minister are throwing their weight behind Foreign Secretary Ms Truss, while singling out the former chancellor for criticism. Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries claimed Mr Sunak helped Jeremy Hunt make the ballot by using ‘dirty tricks’, and ‘dark arts’ – believing he’d be able to beat him in a final round of votes. ‘That behaviour is not happening. It’s a dirty story being run by anti-Rishi people,’ a supporter of Mr Sunak said. Even if that was the case, that clearly didn’t work based on today’s results. Also supporting Ms Truss is Jacob Rees-Mogg, who said: ‘It’s very interesting that somebody should start a campaign, according to reports, in December last year.’ When Mr Sunak announced his leadership bid, it emerged a readyforrishi.com domain name was registered late last year. If you type it into a browser, it redirects to ready4rishi.com. This led to accusations the former chancellor had been sharpening his knives for some time. Mr Sunak’s team said domains are bought all the time, adding that they had been transferred a number of them. His campaigners also insisted that his sleekly produced campaign video was put together in 48 hours. Downing Street has been forced to deny that it is running a ‘stop Sunak’ operation, with the PM’s press secretary insisting Mr Johnson is ‘staying neutral’. Today, Mr Rees-Mogg argued that Ms Truss is ‘fiscally on the right side of the argument’, unlike Mr Sunak, describing his ‘endless tax rises’ as ‘economically damaging’. As of this morning, it appeared Mr Sunak had the most public support, with some 45 MPs announcing they were backing him. But all of that could change, as the contests sees MPs tactically voting and shifting allegiances to protect their interests. While team Truss and team Sunak battle it out, Ms Mordaunt is the current favourite among party members, according to the latest YouGov poll. The trade minister officially launched her campaign today by telling colleagues who had been fearful of losing their seats under Mr Johnson’s leadership that she is their ‘best shot’ at winning the next election. ‘I’m the candidate that Labour fear the most – and they’re right to,’ she told Conservatives at Westminster’s Cinnamon Club. Ms Mordaunt declined to describe Mr Johnson as a good Prime Minister, instead thanking him for delivering Brexit. She insisted she is ‘very different’ from her would-be predecessor but indicated she would not call an early general election to win her own mandate if she entered No 10. The naval reservist and former defence secretary pledged to return to traditional Conservative values of ‘low tax, small state and personal responsibility’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.    