Britain faces being plunged into Germany-style blackouts as the energy crisis spirals, experts warn. Street lights could be dimmed or switched off, and central heating use slashed in public buildings in a bid to save electricity. Parts of the UK could follow Berlin’s lead, which has seen blacked out overnight lights for around 200 historic monuments and municipal buildings, including the city’s cathedral, Old Palace and Charlottenburg Palace. Hanover has also let its fountains run dry after Russia’s state-run supplier Gazprom cut gas flow to Europe via Germany from the Nord Stream 1 pipeline. Robert Buckley, from energy analysts Cornwall Insight, admitted it ‘might make a difference’ at ‘the margin’ if the UK takes similar action. He told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme this morning: ‘I think what you raise is a really good point, and we’re in danger of running into this kind of thing involuntarily, because there is also a cost of business during a crisis here, because of these energy cost increases. ‘We will go into a period where energy prices for business may be five, six, seven times where they’ve been historically – and what you’ll end up there is that businesses can’t afford to run and actually businesses might themselves decide not to heat swimming pools or whatever. ‘So I think that the fact that the Germans are having this discussion is constructive for them and it’s a conversation that actually we should be having more of over here.’ Mobile air conditioning units and fan heaters are now banned in municipal buildings in Hanover.Officials have also put a stop to hot water in public buildings, swimming pools and gyms and turned off lights in museums. Heating is set to be permitted again from October to March, but only to a 20°C maximum. Other cities dimming street lights include Weimar, Mainz – where usage has been halved – and Augsburg, which is considering turning off some traffic lights. Hanover’s mayor Belit Onay said an ‘imminent gas shortage’ had forced energy use to be pushed down by 15%. Gazprom cut the flow of gas from the Nord Stream pipeline as part of Putin’s bid to ‘weaponise’ gas and end European support for Ukraine. Supply was squeezed two-fifths in June before this week being slashed to 20% of capacity, leaving Germany facing huge power bill hikes. Millions of British households brace for crippling rises as the cost of living crunch keeps biting. Campaigners predict it will pile pain on the nation’s businesses, and are pleading with the government to put an emergency fuel poverty plan in place to avoid winter deaths. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.