Embattled attorney Alex Murdaugh has been indicted for the deaths of his wife and son last year. Murdaugh, 63, was charged with two counts of murder and two counts of possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime on Thursday morning. His wife Margaret ‘Maggie’ Murdaugh, 52, and the couple’s youngest son, Paul Murdaugh, 22, were found shot dead on the family’s property in Moselle in Colleton County on June 7, 2021. Alex called 911 reporting a shooting and claiming that he had just gotten home and found their bodies. ‘Over the last 13 months, SLED (South Carolina Law Enforcement Division) agents and our partners have worked day in and day out to build a case against the person responsible for the murders of Maggie and Paul and to exclude those who were not,’ said South Carolina’s law enforcement division chief Mark Keel. ‘At no point did agents lose focus on this investigation. From the beginning, I have been clear, the priority was to ensure justice was served. Today is one more step in a long process for justice for Maggie and Paul.’ South Carolina Attorney General Alan Wilson thanked the State Law Enforcement Division and staff for ‘tireless efforts to gather evidence’ and the grand jury ‘for listening to that evidence’. After Wilson and Keel announced the indictments, Alex’s attorneys Dick Harpootlian and Jim Griffin said they are requesting the attorney general to turn over all evidence within 30 days and demand a trial within 60 days of receiving the evidence. ‘Alex wants his family, friends and everyone to know that he did not have anything to do with the murders of Maggie and Paul. He loved them more than anything in the world,’ stated the defendant’s attorneys. ‘It was very clear from day one that law enforcement and the Attorney General prematurely concluded that Alex was responsible for the murder of his wife and son. But we know that Alex did not have any motive whatsoever to murder them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.