It can be tricky to think anything except ‘God, I’m so sweaty right now’, at the moment. But summer is a great time to take stock and think about futures, near and far. Use the stars to help! With a bit of common sense and some good astrological advice, you could just end up having the best Thursday ever. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 14, 2022. Read on for your full forecast March 21 to April 20 The current focused blend of energies makes this a time to finish whatever you started, and to be willing to let go of whatever no longer serves you. Plus, with sweet Venus angling towards hazy Neptune, you can prefer to take a compassionate view of a situation if the logical one doesn’t satisfy your soul. Stay savvy to avoid being caught out, as misunderstandings may be rife, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A convivial vibe could see you liaising with friends or family to arrange a meet-up. And if you’re joining an online group, you’ll connect with interesting characters, and glean much from any conversations. Looking to conserve cash? Avoid offers that seem too good to be true, as there is a good chance they probably are. A little extra care can help you keep your money in the bank. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Venus’s angle with Neptune, may mean you tend to see the best in everything, even the most difficult situations. By adding a dash of realism into the mix, this could be a creative and productive day. You might have high expectations, but you’ll be disappointed if things don’t work out as you hope. Plan strategically, be the model of integrity and you’ll make great strides. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 It’s a day for spotting opportunities that can act as a magnet, encouraging you to step out of your comfort zone. Even so, it helps to think things through, as you could extend yourself beyond what is practical. As Mercury links with Uranus, a chat with someone who has experience and plenty of bright ideas, might give you a few tips that make one fascinating project very doable, Cancer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Don’t feel too bad if you’ve had to abandon something you’ve had high hopes for. The current line-up can make it easier to see where you’ve been fooling yourself. And if so, you’ll want to remedy this. And it’s even more important to take action if there is money involved. On the plus side, you could see this as a learning experience. Anyway, no real effort is ever wasted, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Prefer to tread softly to keep the peace? If you’re too cautious, it could be a mistake. And while others might appreciate your sensitive approach, if you aren’t happy with the way things are, you need to say something. Being the perfectionist of the zodiac, you may worry about putting it across in the right way. Don’t Virgo! Be spontaneous, and you’ll soon feel this burden shift. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Ready to give your all to a plan? If it means sacrificing something important to you, you’ll need to weigh up your priorities. Down to earth influences emphasize being practical, and making sure you get something for your efforts. Yet Venus’s angle with Neptune, can also incline you to drift away from the steadier path and lose yourself in daydreams of what might be. Stay alert Libra! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Keen to chat with someone you haven’t seen in a while? Mercury’s link to Uranus encourages you to get in touch, even if they aren’t expecting it. Better still, if they’re not too far away, a get-together could be just the ticket. And if you do manage to sync, something good can come out of this. On another note, you may have a distorted perception of how much something is worth. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Eager to finish a project? You could accomplish a lot, if you don’t allow others to intrude on your time. A distracting angle might make it difficult to say no, even though you may be very busy. But this is what you must do if you are to complete it. Don’t feel guilty either. Although Venus’s angle with Neptune can make this hard, get on and do what you have to do. You’ll be fine! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You may wonder if someone is talking behind your back in a bid to undermine you or your plans. You could be right, or you could be wrong. But if they are, what can they do that will upset things. If you think about it, the answer is not much at all. Whatever the situation, don’t give it your time or energy. You have much more important matters to be getting on with. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 With convivial Venus forging an angle with nebulous Neptune, money can seem very unreal. Before you purchase anything Aquarius, consider your current financial position. Plus, how do you know that an item or service is all it’s made out to be? It could be painted in a wonderful light, when the reality may be far less appealing. Ask around and check reviews beforehand. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You’ll happily give more attention to dreams, movies or anything that inspires your imagination, than you might to your responsibilities. Creative projects or baking a cake may appeal more than dealing with reality. Yet this can be a good time to explore an exciting opportunity. Mercury’s link to Uranus, could see you come to life when you realize what you stand to gain. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 10 to July 16 and the second half of 2022 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you