We’re still reeling from the reports that Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck married in Las Vegas this weekend but, hold on to your wedding hats as there’s more, with claims that she’s officially changed her name too. Reports emerged that Jennifer, 52, and Ben, 48, obtained a marriage licence in Nevada on Saturday and tied the knot in Sin City just three months after announcing they were engaged. Details about their secret nuptials are still to be revealed but a copy of their marriage certificate, which they obtained in Clark County, Nevada on July 16, has been obtained and it offers a pretty huge reveal. The licence was made in both their names – Benjamin Geza Affleck and Jennifer Lynn Lopez – but noticeably, Jennifer indicated that she would be taking on Ben’s last name too, ditching her maiden name Lopez to become – drumroll, please – Jennifer Affleck. An insider has since confirmed the two are indeed husband and wife, telling Entertainment Tonight: ‘Jen and Ben got married in Vegas. ‘They have so much fun together and thought this would be a fun idea too. Ben is absolutely in love with Jen and feels loved by her too. They both feel so comfortable with each other and like they share history and know each other so well.’ TMZ broke the news of the couple getting hitched in Las Vegas but the Hollywood stars are yet to speak out themselves. Jennifer and Ben first dated in the early noughties, confirming their romance in July 2002 and got engaged in November of the same year. However, they postponed their wedding which had been scheduled for September 2003 and ultimately split in January 2004. They reconciled in spring 2021 and in April this year, Jennifer announced that she was engaged to the Batman actor and revealed the stunning green ring he presented to her during the intimate proposal. Sharing details of the special moment Ben got down on one knee, the Marry Me actress wrote on her blog: ‘Saturday night while at my favorite place on earth (in the bubble bath), my beautiful love got on one knee and proposed. ‘[I] just looked in his eyes smiling and crying at the same time trying hard to get my head around the fact that after 20 years this was happening all over again.’ She added: ‘I was quite literally speechless and he said, “Is that a yes?” I said, “YES of course that’s a YES”.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck ‘marry in Las Vegas’ after obtaining marriage licence following three-month engagement MORE : Christine McGuinness reveals autistic daughter, 9, ‘didn’t want to live’ after struggling with pandemic restrictions 