Business owner Lucy Litwack was a guest on this week’s Smut Drop podcast, talking female masturbation, faking orgasms, and sex on screen. CEO of luxury lingerie brand Coco de Mer, Lucy spoke to host Miri about demystifying and championing women’s sexuality. Having been at the helm of the company since 2014, she’s seen how the way we view sex has changed, from 50 Shades to more realistic depictions in shows like Fleabag and Orange Is the New Black. But while it could be argued that we’ve become more open as the years have gone by, Lucy argues that female pleasure is often seen as ‘newsworthy’ – despite male masturbation being thought of as a ‘non-event’. She wants women to feel empowered in the bedroom, reclaiming their sexuality by expressing themselves (and their desires) more freely. So to give you a little inspiration, we’ve rounded up our favourite Coco de Mer pieces. Whether you’re enjoying a solo session or partnered sex, you’ll feel like the sultriest version of yourself in these. Made from stretch silk-blend charmeuse, this feels soft and comfortable, while a low back and plunge neckline keeps things flirty. Buy for £165 at Net-a-Porter. The main problem with beautiful lingerie is that you need to remove it before getting down to business – but not so with this pair, featuring a crotchless design and in delicate tulle. Buy for £95 at Net-a-Porter. Coco de Mer’s Killing Eve capsule collection features pieces inspired by the show’s iconic locations. Get the Moscow look with a rich, red robe and chemise in sumptuous silk and lace. Buy the robe for £416.50 (was £595) at Net-a-Porter. Buy the chemise for £276.50 (was £395) at Net-a-Porter. Pretty underwear doesn’t need to be uncomfortable, as this bra proves. Without padding, and with delicate satin ribbon detailing, you can feel as good as you look in the Viola bra. Buy for £33 (was £55) at Net-a-Porter. The Titania bodysuit, in teal stretch lace, combines romantic flared sleeves with a cut-out back. While this piece is designed for the bedroom, it’d be a showstopper with a skirt or trousers if you’re brave enough to wear it as a top. Buy for £227.50 (was £455) at Net-a-Porter. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to keep your kids cool at night during the heatwave MORE : These tights are so ladder-proof they don’t even rip when bitten by a dog