Martin Kemp and Michelle Collins have been spotted working together for the first time in years, but sadly for EastEnders fans they’re not returning to Albert Square this time around. The actors, who played Steve Owen and Cindy Beale in the BBC soap, have been busy filming gangster comedy film Miss the Kiss. Pictures have emerged of the pair looking tense on location in Kent, where they have been shooting scenes around a scrapyard. In one image, Michelle, 60, clutching a flask, is seen trailing behind the frowning Celebrity Gogglebox star. The pair both look dapper in their costumes, with Michelle wearing a pink dress, and Martin spotting dark grey tailored trousers and a navy shirt. Plot details of Miss the Kiss are being kept under wraps, although a synopsis reads: ‘When actor Jack is cast in a new gangster film, he asks his life-long friend Danny to shadow the family in hilarious and deadly circumstances.’ Also on the cast is Sadie Frost, who shares children Rafferty, Iris, and Rudy with her ex-husband Jude Law. It’s not clear whether he has scored a part, but Denise Van Outen’s ex Eddie Boxshall was seen on set. Eddie and Denise were together for seven years and were engaged before splitting up in January. While both initially remained tight-lipped about the separation, it was later revealed that Eddie had been sending sexually explicit messages to other women, which he eventually admitted publicly. Michelle was in EastEnders from 1988 to 1990, with a two-year break between 1990 and 1992, while Martin joined the soap in 1998, before leaving in 2002. The duo then went on to work together on the ITV drama Can’t Buy Me Love, which is based on a true story about a man who conned his loved ones into believing he had won the lottery. In the time since, Martin, who was the bassist in the new wave band Spandau Ballet, has continued to appear on television. He finished third in the 10th series of Celebrity Big Brother, but is perhaps best-known for featuring on Celebrity Gogglebox with his radio DJ son, Roman Kemp. Meanwhile, Michelle carried on her career in soaps, starring in Coronation Street from 2011 to 2014. Speaking on Loose Women earlier this year, the actress revealed she had ‘given up’ saying she was a ‘serious actor now.’ ‘I just go with it,’ she added. MORE : Michelle Collins has ‘given up saying she’s a serious actor now’ after EastEnders role MORE : Roman Kemp storms off Celebrity Gogglebox set after dad Martin reveals ‘disgusting’ confession Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 