Dawn Butler has opened up about one of the toughest parts of her cancer diagnosis – how to tell her loved ones without worrying them. The Labour MP, 52, has spoken candidly about it, revealing earlier this year that she thought she might die after receiving the news following a routine mammogram. She has now teamed up with Metro.co.uk to launch the campaign A Million Missed Mammograms to try and persuade those yet to have a screening to get one booked. ‘You can survive breast cancer, and the earlier you find it the better,’ the former minister said. Ms Butler has thankfully recovered, but she had to endure some incredibly difficult days along the way. On top of the uncomfortable examination, the operation to remove cancerous cells and the fear her diagnosis may become more invasive, she also found herself struggling with something many might deem relatively simple – telling her family, friends and colleagues about what she was going through. The Brent Central MP told Metro: ‘It’s really hard to tell people. I had to find a way to – I trialled out different ways. ‘A lot of times, those I told would collapse in pieces, and you have to look after them as well as dealing with the fact that you’re having to deal with it. ‘I ended up starting conversations with: “I’m not dying, but I have some bad news”. I found that was the best way to break the news to people.’ Ms Butler found out she had breast cancer last November. Initially, she only told her partner and sister-in-law. Her mum, sister both went through their own struggles with the disease and she didn’t want to worry them. She eventually had to confide in her sister  while discussing their family’s medical history. Ms Butler said: ‘It was tough. I composed myself, started speaking when she answered, and then just broke down. ‘My sister started crying too, although she didn’t know why as I hadn’t even managed to get the words out.’ She then gave her mum the news around Christmas time – a holiday the MP had to skip while isolating ahead of her operation in February. ‘If I caught Covid my operation would be delayed and I didn’t want that,’ Ms Butler said. Her office found out in the New Year and, on March 28, Ms Butler told Parliament about her struggles in a powerful speech, which took the opportunity to push for investment into the NHS. Revealing the diagnosis in a public statement on social media back in March, she wrote: ‘Everything stood still as it does when you hear the dreaded C-word – it is a shock but an early diagnosis means that it is something that I will get through and over.’ The charity Breast Cancer Now estimates there are currently one million women in the UK who have not gone for their mammogram screenings. You will be automatically invited for breast screening if you are between the ages of 50 and 53. Following a first scan, appointments then come every three years until the age of 71. Some surgeries will still do this automatically for trans men and non-binary people but you should get in touch if you have not heard from them. If you have symptoms you are worried about, do not wait for a letter – make an appointment with your GP as soon as possible. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.