One day there will be a time when we don’t freak out over something Harry Styles has done on a daily basis – but now is not that time. Stop whatever you’re doing because the former One Direction star is releasing a new music video and it is very exciting. The Watermelon Sugar hitmaker, 28, has been enjoying a wealth of success lately, with his third solo album Harry’s House taking the world (and the charts) by storm. Harry is currently on tour, performing to thousands of adoring fans across Europe, and he’s gearing up for the release of two movies – but he’s still found time to make us smile with a new single, isn’t he a good egg? Late Night Talking will be the second official single from Harry’s House, following the roaring success of lead single As It Was, which topped the charts for what felt like a decade. Harry first teased fans with the song when he performed at Coachella, playing it for the first time to unsuspecting crowds – as well as the song Boyfriends. But now it’s officially a single getting the music video treatment and the teaser for it is just the most adorable thing you will come across this week. The pop icon dropped the announcement via his Twitter account HSHQ, who revealed that the music video for Late Night Talking will drop on July 13 at 12pm ET (5pm BST), so there really isn’t long to wait. While the preview clip is only 13 seconds long, it was enough to melt hearts, as Harry is seen lying upside down in a bed, wiggling his feet in the air, and wearing blue socks. He’s heard whistling a tune before popping his head up, with a goofy grin on his face, nestled into the duvet. Now, do you remember a few months back when Harry was pictured rolling past Buckingham Palace on a giant bed with a camera crew? Well, if our detective skills are anything to go by, we reckon it could’ve been for the Late Night Talking vid. In case you thought Harry was only an actor and a performer, then you are mistaken as somehow, amidst all the other projects he’s got going on, the star is also releasing a collection with longtime favourite designer brand, Gucci. The singer collaborated with friend Alessandro Michele to design a capsule collection that features a range of suits that mix both masculinity and elegance while emoting the singer’s playful energy. The collection also includes trousers, shirts, coats and accessories. It’s a wonder how he manages to fit all of this into his busy schedule, what with thriller movie Don’t Worry Darling hitting cinemas in September and LGBTQ+ drama My Policeman landing in October. Does this boy ever sleep? Late Night Talking is available to stream now, music video lands July 13. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Yes, the rumours are true – Lea Michele will actually replace Beanie Feldstein as Fanny Brice in Broadway’s Funny Girl MORE : Only Murders In The Building season 3 confirmed: Selena Gomez, Martin Short and Steve Martin are returning 