Stacey Solomon is making some hefty charity donations following her dreamy wedding to former EastEnders star Joe Swash. The adorable couple tied the knot earlier this week at their Essex mansion, which they have lovingly named Pickle Cottage. To say their day looked like a fairytale come to life would be an understatement, as their home was transformed into a wedding wonderland, and bride Stacey looked stunning in a white gown and veil, with a delicate flower tiara across her blonde locks. It’s been a long road for them to make it down the aisle, after the pandemic caused delays, and the pair decided to put things on hold when Stacey was pregnant with daughter Rose. But finally, they are the Solomon-Swashes and they’ve taken fans along every step of the way – from the planning and prep to the aftermath. Taking to Instagram after the wedding buzz had died down, former X Factor star Stacey revealed that there were no phones on their big day, so everyone could just live in the moment, while a professional photographer captured their memories. Sharing the process of taking down their decorations – many of which DIY queen Stacey put together herself – the Loose Women panellist shared that, rather than having them go to waste, she’ll be giving them to those in need. Stacey revealed that the Barnados charity came on Friday afternoon to collect ‘tents, tubes, and mini tables’, which were used to create a ‘little pickle’ section at the wedding. The TV star said they also took ‘cutlery, plates, candles, and fejiaks’ to give to ‘families and children they support or to raise money for them’. Stacey then shared a video of the tables and chairs all tidied up as quickly as they were put out, and there were quite a lot of them, suggesting they had a big bash. She added that once clean, the tables and chairs will also be donated, asking her 5.5million followers for suggestions of organisations and refuges in need of ‘furniture, glassware, or lanterns’. One thing that will be staying in Pickle Cottage, though, are the floral arrangements dangling from the ceiling of the couple’s barn. Stacey said they want to keep the hoops to ‘forever remind us of our day’ as they’re ‘so special’. And if you’re wondering what’s going to happen to the bride’s bouquet, well, being the crafty kween she is, Stacey is going to dry them out and frame them flat in a frame, feeling sad that they won’t stay fresh forever. She finished her wedding picture spam by assuring her followers that she’ll keep them in the loop as the pair ‘can’t wait’ for more of their official wedding snaps to come back. ‘Every second of the day was so special,’ the emotional star wrote. ‘I can’t wait to share with you so many moments I’m excited to relive’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bikini-clad Amanda Holden continues never-ending summer holiday as she shows off diving skills MORE : Cara Delevingne finally addresses viral Megan Thee Stallion antics at Billboard Music Awards: ‘People find me a bit odd’ 