The BBC has confirmed that the UK will host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest after Ukraine was forced to pull out, despite the country’s act Kalush Orchestra winning this year’s competition. In a statement, the broadcaster said: ‘It is a matter of great regret that our colleagues and friends in Ukraine are not able to host the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest. ‘Being asked to host the largest and most complex music competition in the world is a great privilege.’ The broadcaster said that it is ‘committed to making the event a true reflection of Ukrainian culture alongside showcasing the diversity of British music and creativity’, following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the war being waged in the country. ‘The BBC will now begin the process to find a host city to partner with us on delivering one of the most exciting events to come to the UK in 2023,’ they said. The European Broadcasting Union also released a statement to announce the news. ‘We’re exceptionally grateful that the BBC has accepted to stage the Eurovision Song Contest in the UK in 2023,’ said Martin Österdahl, the Eurovision Song Contest’s Executive Supervisor. ‘The BBC has taken on hosting duties for other winning countries on four previous occasions. ‘Continuing in this tradition of solidarity, we know that next year’s Contest will showcase the creativity and skill of one of Europe’s most experienced public broadcasters whilst ensuring this year’s winners, Ukraine, are celebrated and represented throughout the event.’ Mykola Chernotytskyi, Head of the Managing Board of UA:PBC, added: ‘The 2023 Eurovision Song Contest will not be in Ukraine but in support of Ukraine. ‘We are grateful to our BBC partners for showing solidarity with us. I am confident that together we will be able to add Ukrainian spirit to this event and once again unite the whole of Europe around our common values of peace, support, celebrating diversity and talent.’ Reacting to the news of the UK being confirmed as the 2023 hosts of the annual show, Boris Johnson wrote: ‘Last week President @ZelenskyyUa and I agreed that wherever Eurovision 2023 is held, it must celebrate the country and people of Ukraine. ‘As we are now hosts, the UK will honour that pledge directly – and put on a fantastic contest on behalf of our Ukrainian friends.’ Following the announcement, the bid for the host city will begin this week, a process that will be managed by the BBC alongside the EBU and is expected to be complete by autumn. Representatives from UA:PBC, Ukraine’s public broadcaster, will work with the BBC to develop and implement the Ukrainian elements of next year’s shows. Ukraine will also automatically qualify for the Grand Final, as this year’s winner. Mykola Chernotytskyi, Head of the Managing Board of UA:PBC, said in a statement: ‘The 2023 Eurovision Song Contest will not be in Ukraine but in support of Ukraine. ‘We are grateful to our BBC partners for showing solidarity with us. I am confident that together we will be able to add Ukrainian spirit to this event and once again unite the whole of Europe around our common values of peace, support, celebrating diversity and talent.’ The dates for next year’s Eurovision Song Contest are yet to be announced, while the logo for the 2023 event – which has been celebrated by Rylan Clark already – will also be unveiled at a later date. The logo will reflect the ‘unique staging of next year’s Contest and the cooperation between the host country and this year’s winners,’ the EBU said. Nadine Dorries, Secretary of State for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport, wrote on Twitter: ‘It’s official. Eurovision is coming to the UK. ‘This is Ukraine’s Eurovision and it’s an absolute privilege and honour for the UK to be supporting our friends.’ The BBC has hosted Eurovision more times than any other broadcaster, hosting in London in 1960, 1963, 1968 and 1977, Edinburgh in 1972, Brighton in 1974, Harrogate in 1982 and Birmingham in 1998. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mika reveals Eurovision co-host fainted backstage at final after catching Covid: ‘We were in front of 200,000,000 people making it up!’ MORE : Eurovision winners Kalush Orchestra confirm collaboration with Sam Ryder is coming ‘soon’ 