The US Food and Drug Administration has authorized Novavax’s coronavirus vaccine for emergency use in adults, making it the fourth vaccine to be available to Americans. The authorization on Wednesday is for people 18 years and older. Novavax’s vaccine is a two-dose series that uses a different technology from the Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson jabs that were previously approved. Unlike some coronavirus vaccines, Novavax’s can be stored in regular refrigeration. ‘Authorizing an additional Covid-19 vaccine expands the available vaccine options for the prevention of Covid-19, including the most severe outcomes that can occur such as hospitalization and death,’ stated FDA Commissioner Dr Robert Califf. ‘Today’s authorization offers adults in the United States who have not yet received a Covid-19 vaccine another option that meets the FDA’s rigorous standards for safety, effectiveness and manufacturing quality needed to support emergency use authorization.’ Data for the Novavax shot showed that its potential benefits outweighed any possible risks, according to the FDA. ‘The American public can trust that this vaccine, like all vaccines that are used in the United States, has undergone the FDA’s rigorous and comprehensive scientific and regulatory review,’ said Dr Peter Marks, who is director of the FDA’s Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research. Novavax president and CEO Stanley Erick applauded the FDA’s authorization as providing the US with ‘access to the first protein-based Covid-19 vaccine’. ‘This authorization reflects the strength of our Covid-19 vaccine’s efficacy and safety data,’ stated Erick, ‘And it underscores the critical need to offer another vaccine option for the US population while the pandemic continues.” The Biden administration has secured 3.2million doses of Novavax’s vaccine, and they will be available once the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention signs off on the jab. About two-thirds of Americans are fully vaccinated, according to federal data, while 26.5million adults are completely unvaccinated. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.