Manchester United have been forced to hold a special kit launch advert amid ongoing speculation surrounding Cristiano Ronaldo’s future. The club icon wants to leave Old Trafford this summer, less than 12 months after his emotional homecoming, frustrated by United’s lack of transfer activity and unwilling to demote himself to playing in the Europa League next season. United launched their new home kit on Friday morning, and although Ronaldo was pictured in the adidas strip, the club, according to The Athletic, have opted not to release footage they filmed earlier this year featuring Ronaldo and fellow club legends and famous No.7s David Beckham and Eric Cantona. Ronaldo fears he will be marooned at Manchester United against his wishes with the Premier League giants adamant he is not for sale at any price. The 37-year-old will not be on the plane to Thailand for the start of the club’s pre-season tour as the star has been granted additional time off to deal with a family issue. Over the weekend it emerged that Ronaldo had asked to leave Old Trafford if an acceptable offer arrived following a disappointing first season back with a club he won medals aplenty at between 2003 and 2009. Ronaldo was conspicuous by his absence on Monday when new boss Erik ten Hag welcomed United’s international players to Carrington for the start of pre-season training. The forward told the club he was dealing with a family matter and remained absent on Thursday, when United confirmed that he has been given additional time to deal with the issue. As a result, Ronaldo will not be part of the group flying to Bangkok on Friday and there is no timeframe on when the forward will link up with United, who take on Liverpool in Thailand on Tuesday before flying to Australia. While he will not board the flight to Bangkok, United insist Ronaldo will be part of the squad this season, much to the Portugal superstar’s concern, report the Daily Mail. Having repeatedly said in recent weeks that he is not for sale, the club maintain that stance remains unchanged amid reports they are in fact willing to sell the Portugal international. There look to be landing spots for the vastly-paid former Real Madrid forward and it is understood that Chelsea are still weighing up their level of interest. MORE : Paul Scholes mocks Erik ten Hag’s new five rules for Manchester United players MORE : Manchester United dismiss ‘nonsense’ claims Ajax have rejected £51m Antony bid For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 