The revelation of a surprise dumping rocked the Love Island villa, as Laura Whitmore entered to break the news while the Islanders enjoyed what they thought was merely a night of drinking and dancing. However, Laura crashed their party and informed the Islanders that one boy and one girl would not be returning to the main villa, but instead would be sent home immediately. After the public voted for their favourite Islanders on Monday night, Danica Taylor and Summer Botwe were the two girls with the fewest votes. As for the boys, Billy Brown and Dami Hope are vulnerable and at risk of being sent packing. Hearing Dami’s name called seemed to shock everyone, with his other half Indiyah’s eyes going wide when she realised he might be going, especially right after the pair just made things official. On Wednesday night, it will be down to the remaining safe Islanders to decide who stays and whose time on Love Island has come to an end. Naturally, viewers had mixed opinions on the bottom four, while some were ‘not surprised’, others made predictions over who the Islanders will dump. But, not everyone is happy with the voting rules this series, demanding that producers allow the public’s votes to determine which Islander is sent home, as the results are becoming ‘predictable’ and ‘boring’. ‘The format and voting on #LoveIsland has become so predictable. I just can’t,’ one person tweeted. Another wrote: ‘Why not shake things up by immediately dumping the bottom 2 or something? This “and the islanders chose” is 100% boring and predictable.’ ‘They’re so obviously saving Danica and Dami lol most pointless cliffhanger yet,’ tweeted another fan. We’ll find out tomorrow who has already had their last night in the villa without even knowing – and all four vulnerable Islanders have had quite the eventful week so far (yes, we’re aware it’s only Tuesday). Tonight saw Danica give Billy a stern talking to, branding his behaviour ‘disgusting’ after he shared intimate details with the other boys of a night they spent together, but then refusing to either ‘snog’ or ‘marry’ her in the challenge. After breaking down in tears and feeling like there was ‘no one’ in the villa for her to form a romantic connection with, Danica exploded and gave Billy the takedown he had coming. ‘They’ve opened my eyes up to how much of a pushover I’ve been and your behaviour is disgusting. You’ve come across as a pig’, she told him after a chat with the girls. ‘You’ve walked all over me. Shut your mouth’, she added assertively. As for Dami, he didn’t quite get the response he was hoping for after getting down on one knee for Indiyah… well, it was right after he shared a very passionate snog with Summer, to be fair. In what viewers have called an already ‘iconic’ Love Island moment, she threw his ‘engagement’ ring into the pool, leaving Dami speechless. The pair did eventually patch things up and, after finding the ring in the swimming pool, Dami proposed again, this time with a ‘promise ring’ and offering to be boyfriend and girlfriend. Just as it was all going so well for them, could the rug be swept under their feet tomorrow night? Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island USA contestant Jesse Bray sends fans wild – and the show hasn’t even started yet MORE : When does Love Island 2022 end? Final episode date revealed 