Coleen Rooney and husband Wayne Rooney enjoyed a day out with eldest son Kai for day 12 of Wimbledon. The famous couple – who recently returned from holiday – took their 12-year-old to the tennis tournament where they sat in the stands to watch the action unfold at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in London. Coleen and Wayne, both 36, appeared in good spirits despite their recent legal battle with former friends Rebekah and Jamie Vardy. The mum-of-four looked super summery in a white mini dress, which she teamed with a nude handbag and matching sandals. Well, sandal, singular, since Coleen was still wearing her medical boot, which she’s had on since March following a fall at home. Meanwhile, husband and childhood sweetheart Wayne kept it cool and casual in a navy blue polo top and beige trousers. As for son Kai, he sported a cast on both of his legs, but no longer seems to be on crutches after injuring his foot. The youngster has recently been following in his dad’s footsteps and pursuing a career in football, as he currently plays for the Manchester United under 12s side. Kai is an older brother to Klay, eight, Kit, six, and Cass, three, who did not attend the tennis match. As the family sat in their seats, they clapped and cheered for the players, wearing intrigued expressions as they watched the tense scenes up close. Ever the crowd pleaser, Wayne also made time to stop for selfies with fans outside the court, also taking a snap with his wife to document their outing. Coleen posted the sweet pic on her Instagram later on, stating that the trio had a ‘beautiful day.’ Dad Wayne shared a picture with Kai with his 15.5million followers, adding that their trip was an ‘amazing experience’ as he congratulated Cameron Norrie and wishes Novak Djokovic good luck in the final. The final of Wimbledon 2022 will take place on Sunday with Djokovic taking on tennis rebel Nick Kyrgios. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers champion Paige Thorne for ‘seeing the light’ by ditching Jacques O’Neill and Tasha Ghouri for accusing Andrew Le Page of ‘playing the victim’ MORE : Heartstopper announces casting call for exciting new role for season 2 – with LGBTQ+ actors encouraged to apply 