Britain’s leading Muslim organisation says the new prime minister must treat ‘systemic’ Islamophobia within the Tory party seriously after ‘an alarming radio silence’ on the issue from Boris Johnson, and little discussion on it within the leadership contest so far. The outgoing British leader should have apologised in his resignation speech last week for letting down the Muslim community, as well as many other people across the UK, the Secretary General of the Muslim Council of Britain believes. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Zara Mohammed has warned ‘no concrete steps’ have been taken to tackle the ongoing problem – despite the MCB recording more than 300 instances of Islamophobia in the Tory party since 2019. Her remarks come after allegations from Conservative MP Nusrat Ghani that her ‘Muslimness’ was raised when she was fired as a transport minister reignited claims the party is institutionally Islamophobic. Mark Spencer, the then-chief whip, said he was the individual who spoke to Ms Ghani but described the claims as ‘completely false and I consider them to be defamatory’. A report on an investigation into the matter is yet to be published six months later. A long-awaited 2021 review into Islamophobia within the Conservatives acknowledged there had been anti-Muslim sentiment and criticised the party for failing to properly investigate allegations – although no evidence was found that the political group was institutionally Islamophobic. Critics condemned the report as a ‘whitewash’, arguing that it focused on the complaints process and failed to identify endemic party prejudice. Whoever is selected to lead the UK out of the last five hopeful candidates ‘must represent everybody and they have to make sure that they do that fairly’, Ms Mohammed has said. ‘We’d like to see these new candidates actually take this issue seriously, because it is quite deep-seated. ‘We found over 300 cases, as well as senior members of the party themselves complaining about the problem.’ She continued: ‘There has to be a commitment to zero tolerance on Islamophobia – a party pledge that there will be action where there are Islamophobic comments, whether that is dismissal, whether that is disciplinary. ’There needs to be a real strong voice from leadership saying “this is totally unacceptable and this does not reflect the views of the Conservative Party”.’ Islamophobia remains a big issue in society – with anti-Muslim hate crimes making up almost half of all religiously aggravated offences, according to 2021 census report from the Home Office. Ms Mohammed – the first female MCB leader – declined to discuss particular Tory leadership candidates, saying they ‘all have their positives and negatives’. But she has slammed Mr Johnson for being ‘famous’ for his comments comparing burqa-wearing women to ‘letterboxes and bank robbers’. ‘We’ve yet to see any apology on that’, she said. ‘I think the impact that had on Muslim women was real. ‘We did see a spike in hate crime, particularly against Muslim women who did wear the burqa or the veil after that, and even a confidence in racists and bigots feeling that they were entitled to say such things or do things like that.’ She continued: ‘The feedback we get from Muslim communities is that they don’t feel this government has been really doing effective outreach with Muslim communities. There hasn’t been that effort… ‘I think is a time for us to see a leadership that is inclusive, that is willing to work with Muslim communities and all communities. ‘We want to see that across the political spectrum, but certainly in the Conservatives with the leadership election coming up. ‘Can we get a politics that we can be proud of, as opposed to embarrassed of?’ The MCB is asking the new government to adopt a definition of Islamophobia that can be used to combat hatred after the government vowed to produce one back in 2018. Ms Mohammed also wants policies that are inclusive of minority communities in relation to issues like employment and economic capital. A UK government spokesperson said: ‘We take a zero tolerance approach to anti-Muslim hatred in any form and will continue to combat discrimination and intolerance.’ The Conservative Campaign Headquarters (CCHQ) said they could not comment until the end of the leadership contest in September. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.