Love Island is just over 24 hours away from coming to a close, and Metro.co.uk is back for one final time to give you the ultimate guide to which of the remaining couples is the most compatible. What an eight weeks it’s been. We’ve had bombshells, tears, lots of (very loud) snogging and some very cute friendships form throughout the past couple of months. But as we enter into the finale of Love Island, all eyes are on the remaining five pairings, as one is set to go away with the £50,000 prize tomorrow night. Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti, Paige Thorne and Adam Collard, Gemma Owen and Luca Bish, Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope and Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page are the final couples remaining and have now all enjoyed their last mega dates of the series. On Friday night, we saw every couple except Dami and Indiyah receive votes from their fellow islanders suggesting they were the least compatible, with viewers having to vote for their favourite couple moments later. This means we’ll see another duo exit the Villa before one are crowned this year’s winners on Monday night. But which pair are favourites to walk out of the Majorcan haunt with the cash and most likely to stay together after their stint in the villa? Louella Alderson, a relationship expert and co-founder of dating site So Syncd, has once again provided her thoughts on exactly who are the most and least compatible pairings of the moment, exclusively for Metro.co.uk, for the last time this series. The dating guru has placed Ekin-Su and Davide at the top, while Adam and Paige trail at the bottom – here’s what she has to say about our five final pairs. As Love Island draws to a close, Ekin-Su and Davide are finishing the final week as the most compatible couple. Overall, this couple has had the most challenges in the villa. They were instantly attracted to each other but they’ve also both had their heads turned by new bombshells in the early days. Since Casa Amor, when both islanders came back single, their relationship has gone from strength to strength as they have built up trust, mutual respect and deeper feelings. They had a strong start to the week when Davide asked Ekin-Su, ‘Sei mia?’ meaning, ‘Are you mine?’ Ekin-Su took a good bite of the tiramisu Davide had made her and confirmed that she really is his, making them the fourth Love Island couple to become exclusive in this series. To some people, becoming exclusive is a necessary stepping stone before officially entering the relationship phase. However, both Davide and Ekin-Su agreed that to them, being exclusive is no different from being in a relationship and they both think of each other as boyfriend and girlfriend. These two are definitely very attracted to each other physically. However, they also see beyond each other’s appearance. Davide appreciates Ekin-Su’s bold personality, intelligence and fiery side. Whilst Ekin can see beyond the “perfect body” and loves Davide’s kind heart, intelligence and drive. They connect well on a personality level and balance out each other’s strengths and weaknesses too. This is important in a relationship as when you both bring different elements to the table, you can challenge each other to grow as people and be better. I think why the public love this couple so much is because they are more the most relatable couple. In real-life relationships, people bicker and argue and kiss and make up quite quickly. People don’t want to watch lovey-dovey couples with no hiccups for eight weeks straight. These two brought drama and comedy. It’s interesting that all of the islanders voted for Davide and Ekin-Su as the least compatible. However, there definitely was some tactical voting going on there. The issue this couple will face is how they will resolve their conflict when it happens in the outside world. Disagreements are a normal part of relationships. It’s how you deal with conflict that shows the true strength of a relationship. Davide and Ekin are both stubborn and proud people and the other islanders have played a part in bringing them back together on more than one occasion. Therefore, this will be a case of learning to communicate effectively when they do have arguments. If they can learn to do this, then we see a bright future for this passionate couple. We see Tasha and Andrew doing well together in life outside the villa. They’ve had a wild ride. From being repeatedly voted the least compatible by the public, to Tasha’s head turning for every new bombshell, to Andrew’s Casa Amor escapades, these two have been through it all. However, they’ve proved the viewers wrong and they have made it to the final with big smiles on their faces. As a couple, Tasha and Andrew have grown the most throughout the 8-week experience. Since becoming boyfriend and girlfriend, they’ve had each other’s backs and relaxed into their relationship more. One of the sweetest moments of the week was when Andrew took baby Leo Le Page around the villa and show him the firepit where Tasha told him about her “superpower”. He also explained that her superpower is her implant which means she can hear, describing it as “very, very special. Very, very brave.” He also took initiative and started teaching emotional intelligence, telling him to “show your emotions, that’s fine.” From the start, it’s been clear that both Tasha and Andrew value the security that comes with a relationship. They have been almost inseparable since the first week and now they are stronger than ever. They’ve even talked about moving in together in London when they get out of the villa. Tasha and Andrew just need to make sure they push each other out of their comfort zones every once in a while, or they might get complacent. One of Andrew’s best qualities is his genuine happiness and joy for the other couples in the villa. It’s clear that Andrew wants everyone to find love too and be happy. This highlights Andrew’s security in his own relationship. When people are content and happy with their partner, they don’t feel the need to make rude comments or put others down. This is more than we can say for some of the islanders who repeatedly roll their eyes at other couples and have a few bitter digs. It is quite clear that if Andrew and Tasha had left together in the past week or two, they would’ve just been happy leaving with each other and to them, it became less about the game. Indiyah and Dami were a slow burn, to begin with, as they were both coupled up with other people at the start and they each gave their original partners a fair shot. However, neither of them had a genuine connections with their first Love Island partners and they found themselves gravitating toward each other and having great conversations. On their final date, Dami told Indiyah he wouldn’t change their story because it’s unique and it took got them to where they are today. This couple has a deep understanding of one another and they both get each other. Whilst they were originally coupled up with other people, they were instantly drawn to each other, and their conversations were better than those with their respective partners. Dami and Indiyah are able to joke around together but they are also able to have serious conversations. Dami has shown a few red flags during his time on Love Island, particularly the way he acted in Casa Amor, such as when he snogged Summer in front of Indiyah in the challenge, when he pied Tasha in a mean way, and finally when he said he doesn’t like “labelling” things. These things make us wonder whether Dami is really ready for a committed relationship. So far, he hasn’t treated Indiyah with much respect. These two will also have the issue of a long-distance relationship for a while. Dami will go back to Ireland while he plans his move to London. Trust can be an issue with long-distance relationships. You have to trust that your partner is being faithful to you, even when you’re not around. This can be a difficult thing to do, especially if you’ve been burned in the past. The actions from Dami over the past few weeks do not make for a strong foundation or a healthy start to a relationship. However, as feelings develop and deepen, people can change their behaviour and start prioritizing their partner’s needs. We hope he steps up his game and treats Indiyah with the love and respect she deserves when they leave the villa as they have the potential to make a great couple. Luca had the public reeling again this week with another episode of toxic behaviour. Being compatible and being in a relationship are two very different things. Our guess is that Gemma and Luca may be one of the longer-lasting couples from Love Island 2022. However, if they do stay together, we can’t see it being a healthy relationship. The Love Island villa is an intense situation where emotions are naturally heightened. However, jealousy and control are toxic behaviours that can easily escalate in a relationship. Luca has already opened the door to these behaviours, so it may be difficult for him to change his ways. Gemma is a no-nonsense, level-headed person who has expressed multiple times that jealousy pushes her away and she isn’t interested in entertaining this behaviour. If this behaviour continues, Gemma will most likely shut it down. When you’re in a relationship, it can be easy to get caught up in the day-to-day details and miss some of the red flags. That’s why it’s often easier for friends and family members to see things that we might not notice ourselves. Gemma has the unique opportunity to watch back parts of her relationship with Luca when she leaves the villa. This could make Gemma question Luca’s true intentions and she might be able to see the red flags for what they really are. Gemma has also made it clear how important family is to her. Gemma’s parents will have been watching the show for themselves and they will have formed their own opinions. If they don’t approve of Luca, then this will be a big hurdle for Gemma to overcome and it could be a dealbreaker. It doesn’t feel like a coincidence that these two voted for the two couples who were in the top three with them, Tasha and Andrew and Ekin-Su and Davide. These two couples are also meant to be their closest friends in the villa, with Tasha, Andrew, Luca and Gemma even talking about double dating on the outside. When it’s quite clear Adam and Paige are the least compatible couple but are no competition for Gemma and Luca in the final, it feels like these two voted very tactically. Luca highlighted he isn’t “one to take a cheap shot” by not voting for Adam and Paige, we aren’t buying it! Luca has already shown that he’s not keen on sharing Gemma with others, and we don’t think he’ll be able to handle this in life outside the villa. Gemma is ambitious and career-driven, and she won’t be willing to give things up to accommodate Luca. Their relationship could continue for a while but overall, we can’t see it having a happy ending. As Indiyah put it, what happens in the Love Island villa is minuscule to the attention Gemma will receive on the outside and Luca’s “overprotective” (read: jealous) attitude could rear its ugly head quite quickly. As Love Island draws to a close, Paige and Adam are the least compatible couple, and I can’t see their relationship working on the outside. Adam only entered the villa two weeks ago and he headed straight for Paige. With Jacques leaving soon after Adam entered, his mission to get Paige became a lot easier. Many people are questioning Adam’s genuineness. As he’s been on Love Island before and experienced the backlash and the repercussions of his actions, Adam will know how to play up to a camera and how things look to the public. Leaving the villa will be the real test for Adam and whether he really is willing to put in the effort to make this relationship work. Paige and Adam have both said how easy their relationship has been since the beginning. They have only known each other for two weeks and in that short time, they haven’t had any temptation or any conflict. However, things are about to get more difficult when they leave the villa as they will have busy schedules that might make it tough to see each other. Plus, they will be living 350 miles apart from each other. For a long-distance relationship to work well, you both need to be good at communicating, patient and willing to work at it. Patience is also key in a long-distance relationship and you can’t expect things to always go perfectly, or for your partner to be available when you want them to be. You also need a deep foundation of trust. And when Adam is notorious for his bad boy ways, this could create some friction. It doesn’t feel like Paige and Adam’s connection runs deep enough yet to withstand the challenges of a long-distance relationship and media attention. It’ll be interesting to see how they cope when they’re no longer in the villa’s bubble.Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Molly-Mae Hague questions why Gemma Owen and Luca Bish’s ‘love language’ is ‘acting like they hate each other’ MORE : Team Ekinde promise to ‘riot’ if Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti are voted off Love Island day before final 