Shawn Mendes has revealed he is postponing three weeks of his tour in order to focus on his mental health after hitting ‘breaking point’. The singer, 23, is currently on his Wonder World Tour but revealed he was taking some time out on the advice of his doctors and team after struggling with his mental health. Shawn told his fans in a statement reading: ‘This breaks my heart to have to say this, but unfortunately I’m going to have to postpone the next three weeks of shows through Uncasville, CT until further notice. ‘I’ve been touring since I was 15 and to be honest it’s always been difficult to be on the road away from friends and family. ‘After a few years off the road, I felt like I was ready to dive back in, but that decision was premature and unfortunately the toll of the road and the pressure has caught up to me and I’ve hit a breaking point.’ He added: ‘After speaking with my team and health professionals, I need to take some time to heal and take care of myself and my mental health, first and foremost. ‘As soon as there are more updates I promise I will let you know. Love you guys.’ The Grammy award winner has previously been open about his mental health with fans, opening up in April about how he sometimes felt like he was ‘drowning’. He explained in an open letter at the time: ‘I’m afraid that if people know and see the truth they might think less of me. They might become bored of me. ‘So in those moments of feeling low I either put on a show or hide. The truth, in current form is a 23 year old who constantly feels like he’s either flying or drowning. ‘Maybe that’s just what it is to be in your 20’s (I don’t know), or maybe that’s just me.’ Shawn added: ‘Sometimes I really don’t care what people think and I feel free. Most of the time it’s a struggle tho that’s the truth. ‘The truth is even with sp much success I still find it hard to feel like I’m not failing. Hyper focused on what I don’t have, forgetting to see all that I do. The truth is I’m overwhelmed and overstimulated.’ He went on to assure concerned fans that he is ‘okay’ and hoped that by opening up he could ‘resonate with some people.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shawn Mendes feels like he’s ‘drowning’ as he opens up on worries in honest letter MORE : Camila Cabello admits ‘life was so bad and painful’ after Shawn Mendes split: ‘I had to seek therapy’ 