Steve Barclay has been appointed as the government’s new health secretary. The senior politician, previously Downing Street’s chief of staff and Duchy of Lancaster, replaces Sajid Javid who stood down today. Mr Javid had said the British people ‘expect integrity from their government’ but voters now believed Mr Johnson’s administration was neither competent nor ‘acting in the national interest’. He added he had ‘lost confidence’ in the Prime Minister. Boris Johnson’s leadership is hanging in the balance after he admitted he knew about sexual misconduct claims surrounding MP Chris Pincher. Questions still remain on who will replace Rishi Sunak, who also stood down today. He resigned just minutes after Mr Javid. Earlier this evening, Mr Sunak said ‘the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously’. He added: ‘I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning.’ Resignations continued into the evening, as Bim Afolami, MP for Hitchin and Harpenden, called for the Prime Minister to step down. He resigned as vice chairman of the Conservative Party during a live interview on Talk TV. Mr Afolami had said: ‘I can’t serve under the Prime Minister and I say that with regret. ‘I think when you’ve lost trust in people, and the Prime Minister asked at the confidence trust to be given time to restore that trust, and I took that as many others did in the party. ‘But I think it becomes clear especially after losing the support of two of his closest party colleagues that the time has come for him to stand down.’ Cabinet ministers including Dominic Raab, Liz Truss, Michael Gove and Therese Coffey have all indicated they would continue to support Mr Johnson despite the Pincher scandal. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.