Boris Johnson’s leadership is hanging in the balance after Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid led a wave of government resignations. Mr Sunak, who announced he was quitting moments after Mr Javid,said ‘the public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously’, adding: ‘I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning.’ In his letter, Mr Javid said the British people ‘expect integrity from their government’ but voters now believed Mr Johnson’s administration was neither competent nor ‘acting in the national interest’. Their resignations led several junior ministers to also step down from their posts in protest at Mr Johnson’s leadership. Sir Keir Starmer called for a snap election, saying: ‘Only a real change of government can give Britain the fresh start it needs.’ The Prime Minister’s authority had already been damaged by a confidence vote which saw 41% of his own MPs withdraw their support. The resignations of Mr Sunak and Mr Javid means that 28 ministers have quit from Mr Johnson’s Government since he took office. Will they be the first of a wave of resignations from his Cabinet? Here is a list of those who have resigned on Tuesday, and those who have given their support for the Prime Minister: Rishi Sunak, chancellor Resigned as his approach and that of the Prime Minister are ‘fundamentally too different’. Sajid Javid, health secretary Resigned as the British people ‘expect integrity from their government’. Dominic Raab, Justice Secretary Staying, according to a source who said that he is ‘loyal’. Alister Jack, Scotland Secretary Staying, saying in a statement that he was ‘sorry to see good colleagues resign’, but ‘I fully support the Prime Minister’. Grant Shapps, Transport Secretary Staying, according to statement provided to Sky News. Nadine Dorries, Digital, Culture, Media, and Sport Secretary Staying, writing on Twitter that she was ‘100 (emoji) behind Boris Johnson, the PM who consistently gets all the big decisions right’. Liz Truss, Foreign Secretary Staying, according to an ally who said she was ‘100% behind the PM’. Priti Patel, Home Secretary Staying, according to an ally who said ‘she’s staying’. Suella Braverman, Attorney General Staying, according to statement provided to Sky News. Ben Wallace, Defence Secretary Staying, according to a source who said that ‘The Defence Secretary is not resigning’. Jacob Rees-Mogg, Minister for Brexit Opportunities and Government Efficiency Staying, telling the Commons that Mr Johnson has made a ‘minor mistake’. Michael Gove, Levelling Up, Housing, and Communities Secretary Staying, according to reports. Kwasi Kwarteng, Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Secretary Staying, according to reports. Therese Coffey, Work and Pensions Secretary Staying, according to reports. Steve Barclay, former Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster Staying, and has now been made the new Health Secretary. Anne-Marie Trevelyan, International Trade Secretary Staying, according to reports. George Eustice, Environment, Food, and Rural Affairs Secretary Staying, according to reports. Nadhim Zahawi, former Education Secretary Staying, and has now been made the new Chancellor. Brandon Lewis, Northern Ireland Secretary Staying, according to reports. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.