Temperatures may have been running high in Westminister this week, but it’s about to get a lot hotter as a week-long heatwave hits the UK. London will be a sweltering 30° next week as a prolonged period of hot and sunny weather sweeps across the country. Southern and central England along with Wales will see the highest temperates, although the vast majority of the UK is expected to record above-average temperatures for the time of year. The far northwest of the UK is expected to be cooler and cloudier but away from the area, the heat will start to build from Saturday. London will see highs of 28° on Friday and lots of sunshine, a pattern which will be repeated over the following days. Temperatures will start to climb from the beginning of the week, hitting 28° on Monday, 29° on Tuesday and 30° on Wednesday. The Met Office’s deputy chief meteorologist said: ‘We’re at the start of a stretch of warm weather for much of England and Wales, that could last for much of next week. ‘In the short term, many can expect temperatures in the mid to high 20s celsius over the weekend, and then in the low 30s Celsius during the start of next week. ‘Much of next week will remain warm for the time of year as well as dry and sunny.’ Ahead of the soaring temperatures, the Met Office has issued a level two heat health alert for southern and eastern areas. It has warned heatwave criteria are likely to be met this weekend and heading into next week. Speaking on the latest 10-day forecast, Met Office meteorologist Alex Deakin said: ‘There’s good model certainty that we’ll see a peak in temperatures in the early part of next week but there’s one possible scenario where temperatures get even higher late next week. ‘A more likely scenario is that temperatures return to something similar to Monday and Tuesday and there’s also a chance temperatures could drop much closer to average.’ In light of the hot weather the British Red Cross has warned that while enjoyable for some, the heat can be dangerous for others. Matthew Killick, director of crisis response and community resilience for the chairty said: ‘We’re all looking forward to enjoying some warm weather this summer, but it’s important to remember that heat can be very dangerous, especially for children, older people and those with underlying health conditions. ‘Climate change means we’re experiencing longer and more intense heatwaves, but a worrying number of people aren’t aware of the risks around hot weather. ‘In England alone, there were more than 2,500 excess deaths in the summer of 2020, and unfortunately, it’s predicted that heat-related deaths in the UK could treble within 30 years.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 