Britney Spears has called out documentaries made about her and accused America of ‘doing a wonderful job’ of ‘humiliating’ her. The American pop star, 40, has been living a bubble of newlywed bliss as of late, following her special day to now-husband Sam Asghari. They tied the knot in a star-studded ceremony, with the likes of Paris Hilton, Selena Gomez, and Madonna in attendance. However, Britney – who was freed from her 13-year conservatorship late last year – has now addressed the intense press she’s received over the years, stating that no other celebrities would have received the same harsh media attention as her. The Toxic hitmaker penned a lengthy post on Instagram in response to an article with the headline: ‘Are the Britney Spears documentaries exploiting her all over again?’ After the article questioned whether the musician approves of people bringing her personal life to the screen, she began venting: ‘I feel like America has done a wonderful job at humiliating me… just like literally after being dropped off at this airport do you know in all my 20 years, never not one time have I been picked up in a golf cart? I’ve walked 30 yards every time I’ve landed in America to my car… unless I have a man on board and he uses his brain and says, “Please have Ms Spears a car by the plan”, which is rare.’ She went on to state that walking to her care is ‘all I’ve known,’ but she was given a cart upon landing back in Los Angeles with Sam because ‘they knew they were gonna take my pic so they so lovingly brought it for the first time in 20 years.’ However, Britney declared that her anger wasn’t due to the ‘whole embarrassing ugly pic sell’ of her, but because TV specials have been made about her without her permission. ‘That’s America for ya!! I’ve never felt more bullied in my life in this country, it’s insane,’ she stated. Britney went on to ask whether it is ‘legal’ to make so many documentaries about a person, saying she’s never seen as many made about the likes of Will Smith, Gwyneth Paltrow, or Jennifer Lopez. ‘Not one person on the face of this Earth would – a network, TV production or anyone for that matter – dig up that much negative footage and do hour specials claiming it’s “HELPING ME.” REALLY?? ‘It was the most insulting thing I ever saw in my life and every person I have spoken to said it’s why the conservatorship ended… REALLY? That’s the saddest thing I ever saw in my life. So, people not only get away with what they did to me, not even coming close to sharing what they really did to me, but they can expose me on such an embarrassing tone and claim it’s to “help” me.’ The Piece of Me songstress continued to state that it was her who got her out of her conservatorship, not the documentaries made about her. ‘I just want to know how are all these people saying it helped me when I feel by with just my mouth and my WORD and what I said in my testimony to the judge!! THAT said it all…that would be ENOUGH.’ She went on to place blame on her home country, claiming that ‘every person jumps on board’ with the ‘heartbreaking’ documentaries and has ‘no remorse’ for what she’s endured. The pop icon compared this treatment to ‘what my family did to me,’ stating that they ‘threw me away and treated me like nothing.’ ‘America, this nation has been one thing and one thing only to me – a bully.’ She concluded by expressing how she’s ‘tired’ of ‘protecting people who don’t protect me’, signing off with a series of middle finger emoji. Britney – who is known for sharing her thoughts and feelings on Instagram with lengthy captions – has since deleted her post. The mum-of-two has been soaking up the sun on her honeymoon with Sam recently, after the two enjoyed some ‘island hopping’ in a tropical paradise. Britney – who shares sons Sean Preston Federline, 16, and Jayden James Federline, 15, with ex-husband Kevin Federline, 44 – also moved into a new house after tying the knot with 28-year-old Sam. Her ex-husband Jason Alexander, who she was married to briefly in 2004 before it was annulled, had livestreamed himself ‘crashing’ their wedding by entering her property before the ceremony, but was soon arrested. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Christine McGuinness gets candid about marriage rift with Paddy after shutting down split rumours: ‘We’re having a very, very difficult time’ MORE : Katie Price dons lime green swimwear as she soaks up sun on holiday in Thailand following suspected food poisoning 