A new highly contagious Covid variant first detected in India could spread to Europe fast enough to ruin summer holidays, experts fear. Infections are already climbing in the west because of the Omicron BA.5 variant, sparking talk about whether new restrictions may be needed. But there are now further fears about the BA.2.75 strain, which has been incorrectly named on the internet as Centaurus. Centaurus is a reference to a galaxy in Greek mythology named after a centaur – a creature who is half horse and half human. It was coined by lockdown fanatic Xabier Ostale who claims it will be responsible for a ‘Great Death Period’ – which he previously ‘predicted’. He bizarrely tweeted at the beginning of July: ‘I have just named BA.2.75 variant after a galaxy. Its new name is Centaurs strain. Get used to it. Today, I’m in command of anything pandemic.’ More and more people have started using the name, which many scientists have dubbed alarmist. Canadian virologist Dr Angela Rasmussen tweeted: ‘Stop trying to make Centaurus happen. It’s not going to happen.’ She went on to say the medical community should continue to ‘call it BA.2.75 like the rest of us content to use standardized nomenclature’. The BA.2.75 was discovered in India in May and has since been found in at least 10 other countries, including the UK and the US. Despite Xabier’s ‘predictions’, there is no evidence the strain is more dangerous than the current dominant one. But early studies show the variant may be more transmissible. Experts quoted by the MailOnline believe the BA.2.75 will not properly hit Europe until autumn but there are fears its high contagiousness could bring the spread forward. This has sparked worries that some favourite European holiday destinations will face restrictions soon. For example, Spain has seen its infection numbers more than double in just one month. The Spanish government has not announced any plans yet but the country’s minister of health, Carolina Daria, has reportedly called for people to wear masks indoors. Similarly, a Canary Islands public health official, Amos Garcia Rojas, has not ruled face coverings out either. The UK has said it would reintroduce restrictions if Covid patients started putting pressure on the NHS again. There are currently 13,741 people in British hospitals with about six in 10 of them admitted for something else. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.