Fancy touching down into New York in style? Helicopter company Blade has partnered with US budget airline JetBlue to offer discounted chopper rides into Manhattan for loyal costumers. Metro.co.uk was one of the first to check the new service out… I’ve lived in New York for a number of years but arriving by helicopter made for my most dramatic and time efficient city entrances yet. I was invited to test out Blade’s new helicopter service in conjunction with JetBlue. Flights run from $195 (£162) per person, but for loyal JetBlue customers there are significant reductions on offer. The budget airline started running direct flights from London to New York this spring with the equivalent of a business class cabin called Mint available. Some of the perks of JetBlue’s Mint service include lay-flat beds, eco-friendly amenity kits, delicious menus curated by some of some of New York’s hottest hipster spots, a great cocktail selection and free high speed WiFi, which extends through to economy too. After touching down into Terminal 5 of JFK airport – JetBlue’s flagship terminal –  and passing through security and luggage reclaim, we were met by a Blade representative who swiftly shuttled us towards a luxury vehicle for a short ride to the helicopter terminal. The day we landed, the weather was a little iffy with winds and a sudden deluge of rain, so we were shown to a waiting room while the storm passed. After a 15-minute wait, during which we necked a couple of coffees from the free-to-use machine, we were directed towards the runway with one other passenger. Luckily our luggage was light enough to fit in the chopper but if your bags are too big, Blade can arrange a drop off for you either by car or by another helicopter later in the day. Our fellow passenger revealed he was from Boston and that he uses Blade’s helicopter service twice a week to attend meetings in New York after taking short internal flight. ‘Who wants to deal with road traffic!’ he said with a grin. He also put our fears about the weather to rest, adding: ‘I’ve flown in way worse, you’ll be fine! Just enjoy it – it’s a great way to see the city.’ The three of us were shown into the helicopter and told to put ear defenders on to block out the noise of the blades. The headsets came with microphones so we could continue talking to each other during the flight. After a brief safety briefing, the helicopter gradually started its ascent and it was full throttle forwards towards the Big Apple. The helicopter (a Bell 407GXP) features floor to ceiling glass panels so you can soak up the magnificent views of the suburbs below. By far the best part of the ride is when you navigate New York’s peninsula hovering by the One World Observatory tower, the Statue of Liberty and more as you go. While the journey only lasts 10 minutes or so, it makes for a very memorable flight and something you’ll be able to tell friends and family about for years to come. Blade’s helicopter base is at West 30th St so you come in just below the Empire State building and close to the buzzing Hudson Yards complex. Despite the windy weather it was a soft landing and on touching down we were escorted to the Blade waiting lounge. In line with the company’s hip and cool ethos, the lounge is like a slick 60s lair complete with an open bar, plush couches and neon lights. Blade can arrange car services to continue your journey onwards. Our Uber was a little delayed which meant we went for a second round of wine and the jolly bar attendant gave us special branded Blade sippy cups to take our beverages with us. Helicoptering into New York will be a trip I will always remember. Nothing beats the feeling of skipping grid locked traffic below and soaring around at the same height as skyscrapers. With one-way Uber trips to JFK now around around £120, Blade’s service is definitely an option worth exploring. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Wellness is catching on in Santorini – we tried a luxury hotel offering a slice of mindfulness MORE : Mental health apps are more popular than ever – but are they really worth downloading? MORE : Plus-size traveller shares issues she faces including ‘tiny’ airplane seats and ’unusable’ bathrooms