People will buy anything on the internet if it’s hyped up enough; a theory that apparently applies to food as well as fashion, beauty, and tech. TikTokers have been purchasing a woman’s homemade ‘Pink Sauce’ in their droves – and it’s become a condiment mired in controversy. It all began when creator Chef Pii started promoting her $20 dip on the platform, showing off the packaging and reviewing it alongside different foods. Pink Sauce allegedly sold out in a matter of hours, with its Barbiecore colour and ‘sweet yet spicy’ description tempting shoppers. However, with little available information about the product’s exact flavour and ingredients, people began asking questions. Others noticed that the pink shade of the sauce seemed to change slightly between videos too, further adding to the mystery. Eventually, Pii was forced to reveal the components of the sauce (sunflower seed oil, dragonfruit, chilli, honey, and garlic) alongside a seemingly-plausible explanation that lighting changes were to blame for its inconsistent colouring. But that’s not where the saga ends. Multiple creators claimed the nutritional label for pink sauce had errors in it, while others argued that a lack of preservatives in the recipe made it unsafe to consume if not stored and shipped refrigerated. Customers apparently complained, after which Chef Pii responded that Pink Sauce was still in ‘lab testing’. Doubts abounded over Pink Sauce’s origin story: Does a bottle actually contain 444 servings as labelled? What warrants its hefty price tag? What the heck does it even taste like? Although Chef Pii apologised for the label errors (saying ‘I’m only human’ in a recent TikTok), the explanation wasn’t enough for some amateur detectives. One theorist claimed that the numbers on the label were altered to be ‘angel numbers’, while others doubted whether the company was registered with relevant health and safety authorities (Pii later said it was). Twitter user Melissa Enchanted even documented her attempts at recreating the candy-hued condiment, commenting, ‘There’s zero way to use these ingredients the way they’re listed on the label and get the pink color she has with only 2% milk.’ Further investigation led Melissa to believe that there was actually mayonnaise in there, and after replacing the milk with this she was able to concoct something similar. Melissa claimed that parts of the ingredients label could have come from a store-bought mayonnaise, which is why the amounts seemed off when it came to replication. At this point, Pink Sauce is more meme than food, making it difficult to tell whether it’s actually worth the hype surrounding it. One thing we do know, though, is that TikTok drama sells. Metro.co.uk has contacted Chef Pii for comment, and will update this article if we receive a response. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Do It: ‘Sex is inherently intimate – for me it’s about that connection’ MORE : Hungry? Here are three easy summer meals you can make in under 15 minutes