A family has been left heartbroken after their bulldog was left in a conservatory during the heatwave. Teddie, who was just 21 months old, was left with a dog-sitter by owner Nikki Morton. But the next day she got a phone call to say ‘your dog is dead’. Nikki, 49, said: ‘I am angry and absolutely heartbroken because it was so avoidable. ‘The conservatory was boiling when we went there that day. It was 27°C outside and hotter in there.’ Nikki left Teddie at the house in Barry, South Wales, so that he could get used to staying there ahead of a two-week holiday in Jamaica later this year. She said: ‘I searched on Google and Rover came up. It seemed really legit and we found a sitter who sounded like a really nice lady with five-star reviews and everyone raving about her.’ She received the phone call at 7.48am the following day and when she asked where Teddie had been sleeping she was told ‘the conservatory’. Nikki said: ‘Why would you leave a dog in a glass box in extreme weather conditions? I was sobbing and had to just put the phone down. She said: ‘My dog was dead on the floor and she had thrown a quilted blanket over him. He was in almost full rigor mortis. The smell was horrendous. ‘It’s a fully glass conservatory with no blinds. I’m hanging on to the thought that he didn’t suffer in the conservatory. ‘My house feels empty and my heart feels empty. Everyone in our street knew him. He couldn’t walk down the street without someone fussing him. He loved running around the garden chasing tennis balls. He loved life and he loved people. ‘The cat is wandering round the house looking for him because they were best mates. He was a huge, huge part of our life. And he was a baby – he had at least another 10 years in him.’ A spokesman from Rover said they were looking into it. They added: ‘We are removing the sitter from our platform, preventing them from offering further pet care services through Rover.’ Vale of Glamorgan Council said the sitter does not hold a dog boarding licence and police are investigating. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.