Jennifer Aniston has paid tribute to late Morning Show camera assistant Erik Gunnar Mortensen. The 53-year-old actress is mourning the death of the crew member on the hit series after he died on Monday aged 39 in a motorcycle accident, which is under investigation. On her Instagram Story, Jennifer wrote: ‘This past week we suddenly and tragically lost Gunnar Mortensen. One of the bright lights on our @themorningshow set. ‘As camera assistant, he was so skilled and dedicated to his job. ‘In memory of Gunnar, a page has been set up to help raise funds for his wife, Keely, and his 2-year-old son, Lars during this difficult time. We are going to miss you, Gunnar’ According to the Riverside County Coroner’s Office, Mortensen was taken to Hemet Global Medical Center following the accident – which didn’t involve any other vehicles – on Highway 74 in Southern California, and died around an hour later. The Friends star also shared a link to a GoFundMe page which has been set up by his union ICG Local 600 to support his family during a ‘difficult time’ and has raised almost $126,000 thus far. A message on the fundraiser reads: ‘Local 600 mourns the passing of Gunnar Mortensen, a camera assistant who died on Monday, July 4, from injuries sustained from a motorcycle accident. ‘Gunnar is survived by his wife, Keely, and his 2-year-old son, Lars. ‘In memory of Gunnar, Local 600 has set up this GoFundMe page to help raise funds for his family at this difficult time. We encourage you to donate if you can.’ As reported by Variety, Mortensen was a member of Local 600 for 13 years, and also served on the National Executive Board of International Cinematographer’s Guild for the past nine years, plus co-chair of the Active Engagement Committee since 2017. According to his IMBDb profile, he found a love for filmmaking after seeing a camera track driving past for 1992’s Ladyburgs, and ‘was hooked’ at an early age. After starting his career on car adverts in Denver, Colorado he moved to Los Angeles and has worked on 81 projects since 2007, including the likes of The Real World, Sons of Anarchy, Jack and Jill and Yes Day. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Aniston honours her dad as she presents him with Daytime Emmys Lifetime Achievement award MORE : Jennifer Aniston’s hot take on influencer culture getting right royal roasting 