Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto has backed Charles Leclerc to come back even stronger at this weekend’s Hungarian Grand Prix following his crash at the last race in in France. Binotto also made a huge claim that his team could definitely win all 10 remaining races of the season, despite their numerous struggles so far in 2022. At last Sunday’s French Grand Prix, polesitter Leclerc crashed out while leading the race, while a strategy error seemingly cost the other Ferrari of Carlos Sainz Jr. a podium. After the race, Leclerc took sole responsibility for his crash, saying: ‘If I keep doing mistakes like this then I deserve to not win the championship.’ Given similar incidents in the past, some have wondered whether the 24-year-old is too error-prone and a ‘crasher’, but Binotto has leapt to his defence, saying: ‘It is a bit of an unfair judgment. ‘I think that may happen when you are driving to the limit… but there is no reason certainly to blame him. ‘We have always seen that Charles is reacting very strongly and well when he is doing mistakes. I am pretty sure he will be back in Hungary stronger and hungrier.’ Despite edging Red Bull for pace all season, driver errors, strategy blunders and poor reliability have seen Ferrari throw away countless wins, podiums, and points. After 12 races, the Scuderia trail Red Bull by 82 points, while Max Verstappen has a very impressive 63 point lead over Leclerc, but Binotto is convinced Ferrari and Leclerc can overcome their issues and dominate the rest of the season. ‘At the end of the season we will see where we are, but I think with our good package, there is no reason why we cannot win 10 races from now to the end,’ Binotto said as per De Telegraaf. ‘Could something happen to Max and Red Bull? I’m not counting on it. We need to be focusing on ourselves and do our best.’ ‘We need to stay focused in each single race. If I look back at the last races, we always had great potential. It didn’t turn into the best results in terms of championship and points. ‘I said to Charles, “things are more complicated but not impossible and simply we will enjoy more in the case that we can turn it into a victory at the end”. ‘The drivers are fantastic. I like to be positive, staying optimistic.’ MORE : Daniel Ricciardo accidently calls McLaren teammate Lando Norris an ‘a**hole’ four times in interview gaffe MORE : Christian Horner calls Ferrari’s Charles Leclerc a ‘very strong driver’ despite crash at French Grand Prix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 