Giving birth is no mean feat. Depending on who is recalling their experience, it can range from ecstatic joy to pure hell, and millions of women across the country are emotionally affected by their births to varying degrees. Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn’s birth experience left her traumatised, while Kate Lawler described her difficult birth resulted in her feeling depressed. Alongside recovering from birth, mums have to adjust to a new member of the family pretty swiftly and all that may entail. The nighttime feeds, settling, endless nappy changes and sterilising bottles can be a job in itself, so recovering from a traumatic birth can feel incredibly intense. This week, 18th- 25th July, is birth trauma awareness week, and it’s important to recognise the signs of birth trauma, including physical and psychological injuries, and what you can do should it occur. Dr Mareike Suesse, a psychologist and birth trauma expert, explains that ‘trauma’ is normally recognised as an experience that hasn’t been processed properly in the brain, due to extreme emotions like fear, helplessness or horror at the time. ‘The thoughts, emotions, sensations and urges of that experience become “stuck” and can get triggered by anything related. The healthy part of the brain can’t reach the “stuck” trauma to process it. ‘When triggered, the brain opens up the whole experience and you re-experience the emotions. This can keep happening for months or years – until the experience is processed. ‘This can happen naturally or with the help of therapy, such as cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) or eye movement desensitisation and reprocessing therapy (EMDR). This allows your brain to process the experience and turn it into a normal memory.’ For many, the lead-up to labour can be meticulously planned down to the finest details, which can suddenly become uncontrollable when the birthing experience begins. Many report it as an out-of-world experience while others may need to adjust to complications in birth within a very short space of time. Dr Mareike shares that tearfulness and some anxiety are commonplace after birth and are not necessarily signs of birth trauma unless prolonged. She says to start by looking for the main trauma symptoms which are intrusions; avoidance; negative mood and thoughts; and hyperarousal. ‘If you think you may have trauma it could be that you are thinking about the birth a lot and get upset or tense when reminded of it. ‘You may be having bad dreams or you try to avoid thinking about the birth, and things that remind you of the birth (people, places, TV programmes). ‘Some new mums may also struggle to remember the details of the birth or you have a strong feeling that something awful will happen.’ Dr Mareike continued that often mothers can blame themselves or others and carry a feeling of negativity and unable to enjoy things. ‘Often focus or sleep issues can begin. You are jumpy, can’t concentrate, and feel numb,’ Dr Mareike added. ‘You can’t sleep even when the baby sleeps.’ For some women they may only have one or two symptoms that they find can disappear over time but for others, they have many which may meet the criteria for post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). But recent evidence shows that almost half of all new mums with mental health problems don’t get diagnosed or treated correctly, some of these symptoms show trauma, and many continue to experience them for months or years, without acknowledgement that these can be treated adequately. It’s true what they say, be prepared to rip up your birth plan as things can suddenly change at a moment’s notice. That said, it is also important to go into birth with an open mind and feel flexible about the process. It can be hard to address trauma while it’s happening but Dr Mareike Seusse says there are some steps you can take to prevent trauma and help your brain process the event. ‘Allow your feelings and thoughts to come and go without attaching too much meaning to them just like riding the wave. If you have a scary thought, say: “I am in a traumatic situation. It makes sense I would be having scary thoughts. This does not mean they are true”. She believes it’s important to express yourself and be compassionate with yourself throughout. ‘Cry as much as you need to and talk about your feelings to different people. Use support services like health visitors and charities. Make a plan for practical and emotional support. Who can you call for a good cry?’ For deep trauma, it is always recommended to seek professional help which can gently support you. But through those first weeks or months, Dr Seusse gives helpful tips that you can try at home, and that only take a few moments to do. ‘Calming your body will help calm your mind. You can use belly breathing exercises for this. Put one hand on your belly and one on your chest. Breathe in slowly and deeply and watch the belly hand rise. Breathe out slowly and watch the belly hand fall. Your chest hand should stay fairly still. This is to ensure you are breathing deeply.’ While life with a baby can be hectic, and you may wish you had a spare pair of hands, with rare moments of peace snatched here and there she also recommends trying the Safe place technique. ‘Sit comfortably and close your eyes. Bring to mind the image of a place you have felt safe, like your favourite beach. Use all your senses to imagine it. What does it look, smell, sound, taste, and feel like? Spend 10 minutes imagining this. You can return to your safe place whenever you need to.’ Triggers can easily happen during trauma with flashbacks being one of the most commonplace occurrences. During a flashback, Dr Meireke suggests using the 5,4,3,2,1 routine. ‘It starts with five things you can see; four things you can hear; three things you can touch; two things you can smell; one thing you can taste. ‘You can also use coping mantras, like saying to yourself: “this is in the past, I am safe now” or “I did not fail, I survived”. Make sure the phrase feels meaningful to you.’ Other ways of release can be supported by sprinkling a scent that grounds you, like vanilla or your favourite essential oil. Simply dab it onto a tissue and smell it when you start to feel tense.  Dr Mareike recommends journaling about the traumatic experience too which can break through avoidance symptoms. ‘Think about the event and just start writing without imposing any rules. Write for ten minutes or so. If you find this makes it worse for you, seek professional help. But writing things down can connect you to the here and now and prevents you from getting stuck in prolonged memories.’ MORE : How to keep your kids cool at night during the heatwave MORE : Louise Thompson tears up in candid insight into PTSD battle after traumatic birth of son while sharing she went ‘partially blind’ for hour