Several energy suppliers have been ordered to take ‘immediate and urgent action’ to repay customers they overcharged. Around 500,000 households may have paid too much because of energy companies’ mistakes. Regulator Ofgem has told all suppliers to review any direct debits which were increased by 100% or more. Those with the most severe issues were Ecotricity, Good Energy, Green Energy UK, Utilita Energy and TruEnergy. They have been told they have two weeks to come up with action plans, which are expected to include refunds and possibly even goodwill payments. But around 500,000 households may have paid too much because of energy companies making mistakes. Ofgem said the findings showed ‘there are areas of the market where customers are simply not getting the service they need and rightly expect’. A statement read: ‘Today’s findings show that, with the urgent changes we are now expecting, the current system will be much fairer for consumers. ‘Bringing down the price of gas is not in Ofgem’s control; however, we will do all we can to have a fair system and ensure suppliers look after their customers.’ Green Energy said it is disappointed with Ofgem’s findings and has ‘genuine concerns that the information that we supplied has been misunderstood or ignored’. Chief executive Doug Stewart said: ‘Ofgem has highlighted areas where we can make improvements and we are already taking action to address these areas. ‘However, I do feel that given the challenging state of the market, Ofgem needs to resist knocking suppliers, like ourselves, who have survived the market crash and doing our very best to help customers.’ Energy UK, which represents several suppliers, said: ‘It’s important that all suppliers’ processes are as robust as possible so that customers can be confident these are being set fairly.’ The western world is in the middle of a severe energy crisis which has seen electricity and especially gas bills skyrocket in the aftermath of Covid and the war in Ukraine. Indeed, more than 7 million Brits saw their direct debits increased between February and the end of April this year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.