No, that number in the headline is not a typo and is in fact Rihanna’s net worth – our jaws are on the floor too. The Umbrella hitmaker has overtaken Kim Kardashian as America’s youngest self-made female billionaire with a net worth of $1.4billion (£1.17bn) at the age of just 34. But it’s not all bad news for Kim K, 41, whose net worth is just a measly $1.8billion (£1.5bn), yanno, nothing major or anything… Kim’s fortune comes from a variety of areas, with her reality TV career bringing in a 10-figure fortune, along with her mobile game, cosmetics brand KKW Beauty, and shapewear brand Skims. Skims, for example, doubled its valuation to $3.2billion (£2.3bn) in less than a year. But, Rihanna’s got her fingers in plenty of pies too, with much of the Barbados export’s fortune coming from her successful cosmetics line, Fenty Beauty. Rihanna – real name Robyn Rihanna Fenty – co owns the company with French luxury retailer LVMH. Fenty Beauty – which has taken make-up lovers by storm with everything from foundations to lip stains to fragrances – generated more than $550million (£419m) in revenue in 2020. While the musician’s fortune mostly comes from her stakes in the fast-growing company, she also has a 30% stake in Savage x Fenty, her lingerie line which raised money at a $1billion (£838k) valuation in February 2021. When it comes to the richest self-made women in the US overall, Rihanna sits pretty at number 21 on the list, but she’s the only billionaire under 40. The youngest non-billionaire on the list is Kim’s sister Kylie Jenner, 24, who was originally  crowned Forbes’ youngest self-made billionaire in 2018 before her net worth was recalculated. It’s now thought to be $600million (£502m) which still ain’t too shabby! But, Rihanna has previously insisted that money isn’t her main goal and getting mega-rich won’t put her off from working. In 2019, she told The New York Times: ‘I never thought I’d make this much money, so a number is not going to stop me from working.’ While it may not stop her from working, all that dosh will certainly help her provide an amazing life for her son, whom she welcomed earlier this year with rapper A$AP Rocky. The baby boy is the couple’s first child, and they’ve kept a relatively low profile since starting a family. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Macy Gray’s ‘insensitive and transphobic’ comments condemned by LGBT+ friendly festival a month after performance MORE : Keira Knightley is chic in Chanel with husband James Righton as couple enjoy front row at Paris Haute Couture Week