It looks like it’s the end of the road for Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti following Mad Movies, with a teaser clip for Monday night’s episode suggesting a break-up is on the horizon. The pair have been on the rocks after a video played to the contestants showed the Turkish actress getting intimate in Casa Amor with another boy and later asking him to keep it a secret, having told her partner nothing happened while she was away. Meanwhile, Ekin-Su got upset after footage titled The Italian Stallion Job, saw Davide passionately kiss Coco Lodge. Davide has repeatedly doubted his partner’s trust and it looks like all will come to a head tonight as Ekin-Su admits she’s finally had enough. In a sneak preview ahead of this evening’s instalment she speaks to the girls on the terrace. ‘I don’t feel any different,’ she admits. ‘I thought I’d sleep on it, and I woke up thinking “f*ck you”. ‘Why should I go up to him and be a little puppy?’ Danica Taylor chips in: ‘Nobody is even questioning what he did in the clips. He was in bed kissing Mollie [Salmon]. I don’t see how this is going to be a healthy relationship.’ ‘I’m done,’ Ekin-Su then declares. ‘And I mean that.’ Is this really the final nail in the coffin for Ekin-Su and Davide? Ekin-Su and Davide aren’t the only couple in hot water following Mad Movies, with Luca Bish and Gemma Owen also on the rocks. After watching clips of Gemma flirting with Billy Brown, Luca said ‘I can’t be with someone like that’. ‘I’m telling you now, I don’t even want to speak to her,’ he told the boys during Sunday’s episode. ‘I’m f***ing fuming. I am not going f***ing near that bird mate. Bring me a f***ing bird in, watch me then flirt. ‘Trust me when I say, if she wants to play it down to me I will f***ing explode. I can’t be with someone like that, sorry.’ Pointing to his snake tattoo, Luca added: ‘See this tattoo on my chest, that’s what she is.’ In the Beach Hut, Gemma said: ‘I don’t really know where he is coming from. I think everything that I did was fine, I stand by, I don’t think it was that deep at all and everyone just needs to get on with it.’ Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 