After stealing the show at Glastonbury a month ago, Kendrick Lamar is now busy moving security guards to tears. The Compton rapper is currently on his Big Steppers tour, which comes to the UK and Ireland in November, and he’s clearly having a big impact already. Fans were recording the music star, 35, while he performed hit song Love at Houston’s Toyota Center, when they noticed a man weeping just off-stage. In the video, the security guard can be seen wiping away the tears while quietly singing and moving along to the song from Kendrick’s 2017 album Damn. Fans reacted to the tender moment by saying they knew how the guard felt. ‘[Love] had me [feeling] the same way when I heard it,’ one fan commented. After being made aware of fans’ reactions to the video, the security guard, whose name is Devyn Sanford, surfaced on TikTok to share more love. ‘That’s me in the post, y’all’, he commented. ‘[Love] means EVERYTHING to me and I was feeling everybody around me’s emotions’. Sanford continued by saying that he ‘definitely [loves] getting paid’ to experience concert performances of his favourite popstars. More fans were eager to share their love for the clip, which was originally posted on Friday and went viral over the weekend. ‘I actually love this video’, another fan said. ‘You can see how deep the lyrics [are] and how much Kendrick helped him with this song’. Earlier this year, Kendrick scored his third consecutive number one album on the American Billboard charts with Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers. And he’s currently in the opening stretch of a worldwide arena tour that will reach the UK in November and run all the way until December. The tour began on July 19 in Oklahoma, shortly after Kendrick’s headline set at Glastonbury on June 26, during which he donned a crown of thorns. The Humble hitmaker finished the show by repeating the phrase ‘Godspeed for women’s rights’ in response to the overturning of Roe v. Wade in the US. He then abruptly dropped his microphone and left the stage, covered in fake blood which had been dripping from the crown of thorns. The tour will finish in Auckland, New Zealand, by which point the tour will have run for 65 dates across three different continents. Get tickets for The Big Steppers tour here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Glastonbury 2022 declared ‘best one yet’ as clean-up begins on Worthy Farm after Kendrick Lamar closes show MORE : Stormzy spotted hugging Billie Eilish and raving to Kendrick Lamar while going undercover in Glastonbury crowds 