The lighthouse from one of Grand Designs’ most memorable episodes can be snapped up for a cool £10million, after its owner put it on the market. Fans of the Channel 4 property show are used to seeing builds take their toll on participants, whose ambitious projects don’t always go to plan. But one episode, in particular, stuck with viewers when they tuned in, after plans for a beautiful seaside haunt went very wrong. Edward Short, 52, was left with a broken marriage and in a huge amount of debt after his episode aired in October 2019. The instalment was dubbed the ‘saddest ever’ by viewers at the time, after Edward almost immediately ran into trouble, costing him his marriage to ex-wife Hazel. The house, named Chesil Cliff House, is located in Croyde, North Devon, and took more than 10 years to complete. But the impressive home is finally on the market, with a price tag of £10million with estate agents Knight Frank. The white art deco lighthouse is set upon a rugged beautiful cliff top, overlooking the Devonshire coast. The three acre property comes complete with an infinity pool, a storm room and white and glass lighthouse tower. The property enjoys stunning sea views, and plenty of privacy from prying eyes, with its own beach. There is also a three-bedroom studio annexe known as The Eye and double garage. Work on the house set him back £5million, which was double the £2.5million budget he’d anticipated, after originally putting a planning application through in 2011. He described the project as ‘a baby that will eat me’ during his appearance on the show. The dad-of-two later told The Sunday Times: ‘I didn’t want to saddle the family with a failed building legacy. ‘I didn’t want my wife and girls to be associated with my messed-up dreams.’ In July 2021, he told DevonLive: ‘I’ll always be proud to have finished this. ‘I owe it to my family to have a real end result, but the time has come to move on.’ In publicity material released ahead of the sale, Christopher Bailey, Head of National Waterfront, Knight Frank, shared last year: ‘Chesil Cliff House will be the most significant coastal property to come to the open market in the West Country for many years. ‘It is iconic in the true meaning of the word and there is nothing else to compare it to on the market right now. ‘It certainly sits at the very top of the national coastal waterfront market and I have no doubt it will attract keen interest globally.’ Grand Designs can be streamed in full on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Huw Edwards bluntly tells former Labour MP fed up with BBC’s extensive weather reports to ‘give it a rest’ MORE : Gogglebox stars reveal they’re returning as they tease new series date 