Paddy McGuinness has returned to social media after he and his wife of over a decade, Christine, confirmed they are now separated. The Top Gear presenter, 48, and model Christine, 34, released a joint statement on Friday announcing they’d taken the decision to end their marriage. The couple – who have twins Penelope and Leo, nine, and Felicity, six, together – are still living together in their family home and putting their children first, but recently called time on their relationship 11 years after tying the knot. Paddy has now shared his first update with fans since sharing the difficult news, revealing he is back filming the BBC motoring show alongside Chris Harris and Freddie Flintoff. He shared a video on his Instagram page with a car boot full of treats, telling viewers: ‘Back on Top Gear, we take our snacking very seriously.’ Paddy showed off a huge haul of goodies, including chocolate bars, protein bars and his own choice, a big box of biscuits. The Question Of Sport host has been part of the Top Gear team since 2019. In a joint statement, he and Christine shared their split with fans on Friday: ‘We hadn’t planned on sharing this publicly until we were ready but after the lack of privacy surrounding our personal life, we feel left with no other option but to clarify. ‘A while ago we took the difficult decision to separate but our main focus as always is to continue loving and supporting our children. ‘This was not an easy decision to make but we’re moving forward as the best parents we can be for our three beautiful children. ‘We’ll always be a loving family, we still have a great relationship and still live happily in our family home together. We hope this now draws a line under anymore unwanted and unnecessary intrusion into our private life. ‘Although we work in the public eye we ask kindly if you could respect our wishes for privacy on this matter. We’ll be making no further comment. Loads of love. Paddy & Christine.’ He met Christine when she was modelling in a fashion show at the Liverpool Tennis Tournament. They married in Thornton Manor in the Wirral in 2011. Top Gear can be streamed on BBC iPlayer now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul O’Grady still feeling impact of Covid as he takes aim at ‘these two planks’ Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak: ‘I’d laugh if it didn’t send me off coughing’ MORE : Richard Herring quite baffled after he’s ‘banned’ from releasing Richard E Grant podcast 