It’s all about lunar goings-on this Thursday with the Quarter Moon having an impact on many of us. This could mean new opportunities for some, like Aquarius, or could see you making changes to your living space, Cancer. Other planetary influences are at play too and could mean Taurus will get a new perspective on things, while Leo may find that playing a waiting game is the wisest move right now. Read on for your star signs’ horoscope for today, July 7, 2022. Full set of forecasts below. March 21 to April 20 Need some help to deal with something? Today’s Quarter Moon could be a turning point. While you might want to keep a key issue to yourself, this may not be the best way to handle it. A discussion with someone you trust can highlight ideas and options you hadn’t considered. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The presence of Uranus in your sign can be powerful in the sense that it encourages you to adopt fresh perspectives. For this to happen, it’s important to know where your comfort zone is. If you feel awkward about trying something new, consider having a go. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 If you’ve been playing around with an idea in a bid to unlock its potential, then today’s lunation can inspire you. Work out the costs now before you get caught up in the excitement of it all. Plus, with feisty Mars newly in Taurus, you’ll get a buzz from finishing anything that’s hanging over you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 With a Quarter Moon in your home zone, the desire to make positive changes to your living space may be on your mind. If someone needs more reassurance then the Moon in Libra can help you explain why it’s a good idea, how you intend to go about it and what it might cost. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Sense you should pull back from a major plan? Is this down to fear or an intuitive nudge? You can swing from one extreme to the other. Once the Sun moves into your sign in a few weeks, you’ll become much more resolute. Researching your options may ramp up enthusiasm. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 If you have the choice between getting involved in a dispute or not, then it helps to sort things out for good. If the other person seems to have the upper hand or the superior attitude, this could leave you vulnerable. Is it true, though? You probably have more influence than you think. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Today’s Quarter Moon in your sign can leave you lost for words regarding an opportunity. Yet with the Sun in Cancer and a high-flying zone, this has little to do with whether you’re capable of handling it and is more about persuading someone that you are. You’ll have the support of others. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If a personal issue has gone on too long, today’s edgy lunar ties suggest doing something about it. This can put you in the position to steer matters in the right direction. The Sun in a far-reaching zone hints that there are many possibilities out there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 How far are you prepared to go to get what you want? The lunation in your sector of dreams and wishes can set you thinking whether certain desires are worth having. Want someone to pay more attention to you? What would happen if they did? Before you go all in, it’s worth considering. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Need to hold a discussion so you can stay on good terms with someone? Approach this in the right way and it could turn out to be a positive experience. With a Quarter Moon in a prominent zone, everything you do is out in the open and others may be watching. Tact is essential. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The Sun in your lifestyle zone forges a strong angle with the Moon in your sector of new opportunities. You may want to add a habit into your daily schedule if it promises to enhance your life and leave you feeling better. This could be something like yoga that soothes the system. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Deep feelings can fuel your creative side, providing the motivation to turn your hand to arts or crafts. If you have something on your mind and can’t express it with words, then turning to a hobby could be therapeutic. You might get insights and realisations as you work that help you to heal. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 3 to July 9 and Mars' move into Taurus MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you 