Sir Lenny Henry poked fun at the brilliantly mad opening ceremony for the Birmingham Commonwealth Games on Thursday night, joking that he had the ‘wrong mushrooms’ this morning. The Game is set to be the biggest sporting festival in the country since the London Olympics in 2012, and it was kicked off with a show-stopping performance that celebrated the heritage and culture of the UK’s second city. During the spectacle, RuPaul’s Drag Race star Ginny Lemon arrived at the Alexander Stadium in a lemon-shaped hot air balloon, while viewers were also treated to a 10-metre-high mechanical bull, a nod to the city’s historic Bullring Market. After the madness, Sir Lenny appeared in the arena to address the crowds. ‘Hello Birmingham, you alright? I am Lenny Henry. I’m exhausted, I’ve been training for this all week. Are you having a nice time so far?’ He then joked: ‘What an opening ceremony. I’ve had the wrong kind of mushrooms on my toast this morning.’ Sir Lenny’s remark was met with laughter from the crowd, but he swiftly moved his speech on. Viewers were loving the fanfare of the evening and rushed to applaud the scenes on social media. ‘I love that every Opening Ceremony is more mental than the next,’ wrote one. ‘The creative meetings to plan them must be absolutely insane. I want in.’ ‘If you are watching the Commonwealth Games opening ceremony then, no, I don’t understand any of it either,’ said another. ‘I think they took the 2012 Olympic ceremony as a starting point and try to make it a little more crazy. It is insane. Obviously I approve.’ Elsewhere during tonight’s opening ceremony, Malala Yousafzai said the young athletes competing at the Games are a reminder that ‘every child deserves the chance to reach her full potential and pursue her wildest dreams’. Giving a powerful message, the activist told the crowd: ‘Tonight, teams from 72 countries and territories join the people of Birmingham to celebrate friendship across borders. ‘The young athletes who will compete over the next few weeks represent millions of girls and boys across the Commonwealth – our shared hope for the future. A future where every child can go to school, where women are free to participate in society, where families can live in peace and in dignity. ‘Over the next two weeks when we watch the incredible athletes of the Commonwealth Games, remember that every child deserves the chance to reach her full potential and pursue her wildest dreams.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 