Passengers will face reduced services on London’s rail network next week as temperatures hit 40°C. ‘Unprecedented’ weather is due on Monday and Tuesday, with a red weather warning in place over large parts of the country. As a result of the scorching heat, some rail services will be reduced. Transport for London put up signs today warning customers of a timetable shift next week for Overground services. A poster at Action Central Station stated that on Monday and Tuesday there will be just two trains each hour between Richmond and Stratford and Watford Junction and Euston. There will be no services at all between Romford and Upminster. Londoners have been urged to be ‘very careful’ and ‘look after each other’ as the heatwave worsens. The Met Office has warned of wide delays on the roads, railways and even for airline travel as part of their red weather warning. ‘Substantial changes in working practices and daily routines will be required’, the alert adds. Below ground, the worst Tube lines for heat levels have also been revealed ahead of the heatwave. The news of reduced Overground services comes after Downing Street confirmed this morning that speed restrictions on rail lines may be required as temperatures soar next week. A No 10 spokesman said discussions with sectors including the NHS will continue over the weekend. ‘Specialist teams from Network Rail and TfL (Transport for London) will continue to monitor the impact of high temperatures to try and make sure they can keep services running safely and reliably for customers,’ he added. ‘It may be the case that speed restrictions are likely to be put in place on some parts of the network next week to manage the hot weather and to avoid any potential damage. ‘The Department for Transport are engaging with port operators and highways agencies, as well as the police, to make sure plans are in place particularly in places where you may see queuing.’ High temperatures risks train tracks bending, flexing and, in some cases even buckling from the heat, with direct sunlight a particular risk. Trains will accordingly be told to go slower to put less strain on them, but even then, problems can occur. Network Rail’s west coast south route director James Dean said: ‘Keeping passengers moving is always our top priority. But we want people to be prepared. ‘If the soaring temperatures do lead to us having to put in place slower speeds for safety reasons, please bear with us while our engineers work to fix the problem. It may mean some journeys take longer. ‘For those who must travel by rail, we’d remind people to carry some water with them so they can stay hydrated and always check before travelling so they know exactly what to expect.’ TFL have been contacted by Metro.co.uk for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.