Lorraine Kelly has revealed she and a ‘bunch’ of Dame Deborah James’ friends plan to get tattoos in her memory. The podcaster, who campaigned for bowel cancer awareness, died last month at the age of 40 after a five-year battle with the disease. She spent her final months and years raising awareness about bowel cancer symptoms, as well as fundraising for vital cancer research, raising millions of pounds. Dame Deborah inspired countless people across the UK and beyond – including chat show host Lorraine. The TV personality was among the hundreds who attended Dame Deborah’s funeral on Wednesday, and on the day discussed with friends how they could honour her memory. Speaking on Thursday’s episode of Lorraine, the host revealed to Dr Hilary Jones that they were planning to get tattoos bearing the words ‘Rebellious Hope’. The phrase became synonymous with Dame Deborah and even featured on a clothing line she released to help raise funds for charities. ‘A whole bunch of us said we’re going to get tattoos with Rebellious Hope on them,’ she revealed. ‘I think I agreed to that! We’re just deciding where we’re going to get them.’ She added: ‘We might have to film that, I think that’s going to happen.’ Lorraine jokingly urged guest Dr Hilary to join them in getting the tattoo, to which he replied that if he would get a tattoo for anyone it would be Dame Deborah. In the same segment, Lorraine discussed the ‘beautiful, beautiful send-off’ Dame Deborah had on Wednesday, admitting it was ‘so lovely’ despite being ‘so sad.’ She said Dame Deborah had ‘achieved more in the last days of her life than most of us do in our whole lives,’ adding that ‘her legacy is also her children, and they are incredible young people.’ ‘She moulded them into the people they are.’ In early 2022, Dame Deborah launched a clothing line with InTheStyle, raising well over £1 million for bowel cancer charities. The collection included a motivational ‘rebellious hope’ t-shirt, priced at £15, with 100% of the proceeds going to her fund. ‘Rebellious hope’ is a phrase that Dame Deborah used many times while undergoing treatment for her cancer, telling The Sun back in May: ‘It’s most certainly how I’ve lived my life. ‘We all need to find the light in that rebellious hope, to keep the flame burning in our darkest hours.’ Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James’s funeral consisted of lots of laughs as guests celebrated the life of beloved campaigner: ‘It was perfection’ MORE : Dame Deborah James’ coffin carried by husband Sebastien and son Hugo as she’s laid to rest at private funeral 