Water poured in through the ceiling of the House of Commons this afternoon due to a faulty air conditioning unit, meaning business had to be suspended. Buckets were catching drips around the famous green benches, with a clean-up operation under way amid efforts to keep the central table dry with protective coverings. The weather in Westminster was very warm and dry with much of the UK currently experiencing a heatwave, so it was initially unclear what could be causing the leak. The Commons’ official Twitter account said the sitting could go ahead from 3.30pm after an hour’s delay. Commons Speaker Sir Lindsay Hoyle insisted it was safe for the sitting to start, telling MPs: ‘As the House will be aware we have started our proceedings an hour late today because of the leak of some water into the chamber from the air-conditioning unit. The air-conditioning unit is not the one for the chamber but from an office nearby. ‘I’ve been assured that it’s safe for us to sit in the chamber.’ Sir Lindsay said none of the scheduled debates will be curtailed as they all have protected time. Wet patches could be seen on the carpet near the Government despatch box and the SNP frontbench. Work and pensions minister David Rutley joked: ‘Despite what’s happened today our spirits will not be dampened, I’m sure the chamber will be in full flow before we know it.’ Tory MP Michael Fabricant earlier tweeted – alongside several water droplet emojis – ‘Water leak in House of Commons Chamber. Sitting and Democracy suspended until further notice.’ Labour MP Emma Hardy, who briefly walked into the Commons chamber before being turned away, said the leak appears to be ‘just in front of the despatch box’. The MP for Kingston upon Hull West and Hessle said: ‘I have just walked through and there are a lot of people working, around six or seven. ‘Lots of blankets on the floor and a machine, which I’m not quite sure what is doing. ‘It (the leak) is just in front of the despatch box, but the roof looks fine.’ Ms Hardy said she has been told the issue should be resolved ‘as quickly as possible’. Meanwhile, Commons Deputy Speaker Nigel Evans joked: ‘Somebody has justsaid to me this is one leak where we don’t need an inquiry.’ A House of Commons spokesman said: ‘We are aware of a water leak on the estate and are taking urgent action to resolve it.’ They later added: ‘Due to a water leak in the House of Commons Chamber, the start of business was delayed. ‘Maintenance staff took action to resolve the situation, and the House is expected to sit from 3.30pm’. A message on the annunciator monitors in Parliament stated: ‘Today’s sitting is delayed due to a water leak in the chamber. Revised sitting time to be announced.’ The House of Commons was scheduled to start at 2.30pm with prayers followed by work and pensions questions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.