If you wanted to see how dealing with intense heat is done well, may we suggest reclining on an inflatable unicorn in a pool a la Amanda Holden? The Britain’s Got Talent star jetted to Sicily for a holiday and while the island isn’t copping temperatures like London’s 40-plus (a sensible 28C, if you were wondering), she’s still acing the sunshine activities. Sharing some envy-inducing snaps on Tuesday, the Heart Breakfast host, 51, wore a navy two-piece from brand Melissa Odabash while taking five in a sparkling pool set amongst the greenery. She wrote alongside the gorgeous snap: ‘Floating with the unicorn.’ And, you know, just to hammer the point home even more so, Amanda went and plonked herself on the ledge of the pool, with stunning views of the sea and mountains in the background. Taking things to the high seas, Amanda was then seen beaming as she sat at the back of a boat charging through the water. We bet these images are just filling you with searing joy, as you enjoy your scorching commute home this afternoon, eh? The star, who recently hung out with a bunch of puppies in confirmation she does, indeed, live the life, recently shot down the idea of her daughter going on Love Island but we have to say Amanda would make for a pretty perfect bombshell. Her followers were loving the snap, with designer Melissa musing: ‘Teenager you hottie,’ while her Heart comrade Ashley Roberts chimed in with: ‘Oh yea sister.’ It comes after Amanda admitted that her daughter Lexi, 16, is ‘obsessed’ with the dating show, but she’s not allowed to follow in the footsteps of 19-year-old Gemma Owen and ever appear on Love Island. In a recent discussion about the ITV2 series, Amanda revealed: ‘This is becoming a bit of an obsession with my teenage daughter at home now. ‘She’s never taken one scrap of interest in Love Island and now is all over it, which worries me slightly bearing in mind Michael Owen’s daughter is on it. And I’m like “You ain’t ever going on it, Alexa!”’ Jamie Theakston, Amanda’s Heart Breakfast co-host, then quipped: ‘Imagine if she did, she’d be perfect for the show.’ Having none of it, Amanda shut it down quickly, retorting: ‘I can imagine it and she’s not! Mama said no! She loves me too much, she won’t do it.’ MORE : Camilla and Amanda Holden living our dream day as they boop noses with adorable puppy at charity event MORE : Amanda Holden enjoys cat-calling – she does not speak for me