A London mum says her local play area is unsafe for her daughter because of dog poo, litter and the facilities fallen into disrepair. Sara Roberts explained that she is looking for free activities to entertain her young family amid the cost-of-living crisis. But the young mum believes the park is so overgrown and in such a state that her 10-year-old child can’t play there. Sara, from New Malden, Kingston, said there was ‘dog poo everywhere’ at the Blagdon Road playground, claiming that one swing’s seats are detached from the chain. Pictures show broken features and ankle-to-knee-high grass. In a Facebook post, Sara explained that meant she could not have a nice evening there with her daughter. ‘People pay their council tax and expect the roads, parks, playgrounds and leisure centres to be clean and safe’, she said. ‘We shouldn’t have to go onto Facebook to complain for people to get in touch.’ She told MyLondon: ‘It makes me upset as a mum because I want my daughter to be able to play somewhere safe away from glass shards and dog mess. ‘Playgrounds are important to us because we don’t have a garden. ‘It’s important for my daughter to socialise with other kids and just be a child in a safe environment.’ Sara warned that without playgrounds there is little for children her daughter’s age to do, especially on a tight budget amid the squeeze on household bills. Kingston Council admit that parts of the playground need repairing and blamed a contractor for the delays in completing them. A spokesperson told MyLondon: ‘We are aware there are items requiring repair or replacements in some of our playgrounds. ‘Inspections, repairs and maintenance had previously been provided by a third-party playground supplier. ‘As we are not satisfied with the time it is taking to action repairs and replacements we are putting in alternative arrangements.’ They continued: ‘Our grounds maintenance contractors Glendale will take over this work. ‘Crews will be conducting daily inspections of play equipment and surfaces, and there will be monthly inspections by ROSPA (Royal Society for the Protection of Accidents) trained staff. ‘Our current priority is to replace missing items and repair equipment needing immediate attention. Glendale expect to deliver these works within 3-4 weeks’ The spokesperson added that council workers met with a community group supporting the playground to agree on what work needed doing and said more rubbish collections will take place. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Patients at hospital warned of a 40-hour wait in A&E