***Warning: Contains spoilers for the latest episode of Better Call Saul.***Better Call Saul has returned for part two of its sixth and final season, and it has returned with one almighty bang. Several, in fact. Literally. After part one ended with Lalo Salamanca’s (Tony Dalton) ruthless execution of Howard Hamlin (Patrick Fabian), viewers were anxious to return to ABQ. In the new episode, Lalo seizes an opportunity to investigate Gus’ laundromat. Once there, Lalo forces Gus (at gunpoint and camera-point) to provide a video tour of the underground meth lab site. However, Gus springs a trap. Using a gun he’d left there, he cuts the lights and fires into the dark. As the lights come up, Lalo is the one bleeding out. Speaking to Entertainment Weekly, Lalo’s actor, Tony Dalton, who has played the drug lord for three seasons, explained how Lalo’s death went down. ‘I got a call during the height of the pandemic, before they started filming,’ he explained. ‘It was kind of the death call’. He continued: ‘We were filming the episode before that… I got to the [death] episode, and I got a little chair and I took [the script] out’. Lalo is then buried alongside Howard, underneath the floor where Walter White (Bryan Cranston) and Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) will eventually work for Gus. Dalton then went on to explain that he knew his character was going to die, but was shocked to discover that Lalo would eventually be buried underneath one of the most famous sets from Breaking Bad: the meth lab itself. Before he dies, Lalo laughs while choking to death on his own blood, and Dalton explained how that came to be. ‘What [the writers] wrote in the script was Lalo breathes his last ugly breath… So when we filmed it, I was like, “I’m going to show you ugly, man.”‘ Tony went on to say that after shooting the death scene, writer Gordon Smith approached him to say that his fresh interpretation of the script was better than what had been written on the page. Better Call Saul is a prequel show to AMC series Breaking Bad. It follows the life of ‘criminal lawyer’ Saul Goodman before he becomes Walt and Jesse’s representative. It tracks Saul’s (real name Jimmy McGill) downfall from hard-working-but-slightly-crooked lawyer into full-on crook, alongside several characters from the drug war that dominates the events of the parent series. You can watch the final episodes of Better Call Saul every Tuesday on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Breaking Bad’s Bryan Cranston on returning as Walter White for ‘surreal’ Better Call Saul cameo MORE : Breaking Bad creator teases possible Hank Schrader spin-off after Better Call Saul success 