Love Island’s Andrew Le Page may have moved on from Tasha Ghouri quicker than we can wolf a McDonald’s box of 20 nuggets (which is unnervingly fast), but is Coco Lodge actually interested? Andrew, 27, went into Casa Amor week still head over heels with Tasha, 23, but when the bombshells told him he’s being ‘walked all over’ that was all the evidence he needed to delete her completely from his mind. So much so that last night he even chuckled ‘Tasha who?’ to the mention of her name. He’s already kissed Coco, 27, but only moments after Italian stallion Davide Sanclimenti, 27, locked lips with her first before he ended up sharing a bed with Mollie Salmon, 23. As it stands, it looks like Andrew is determined to couple up with Coco before Tasha returns from Casa Amor, but is he just setting himself up for more heartbreak? Short answer is: yes. Metro.co.uk’s body language expert and star of our weekly YouTube series Love or Lie Island Judi James explains why: ‘Coco’s body language signals suggest she is more into Davide, not Andrew, but Andrew is low-hanging fruit for these girls. Submissive enough to fall for the Jedi mind trick of ‘Tasha is playing you’ it was “Tasha who?” as he turned from faithful lover to Coco’s personal play-dough within a matter of minutes. ‘Coco and Davide’s sexual chemistry is far more electric. When they had their first chat Davide sat splayed in the corner of the seat, motioning Coco to sit like an emperor of sex. Coco clearly had his measure though, taking him down with an instant ‘Do you fancy me?’, making him pull at his shorts and preen his hair in a gesture of rocked confidence. ‘It was Cocoa signaling the higher status from that point, fixing Davide with a cat-got-the-cream smile of approval and appreciation. Coco used a powerful, ‘Orgasmic’ eye smile signal that is similar to a technique used by Marilyn Monroe. She narrowed her eyes and kept them fixed on Davide, boosting his ego by calling him ‘honey’ and telling him he is a ‘prize’. ‘She got her positive response when Davide placed his water bottle in front of his crotch in a phallic, upright signal. ‘Their second chat showed progression. She sat with her legs stretched close to his while his foot did circles of pleasure in the air. Her master-stroke was telling Davide he wasn’t ‘confident enough’ to kiss her, which ensured he had to. Their matching eyebrow flashes signaled attraction before he moved in for another Davide ‘came from no-where, went to nowhere’ kisses that he gives away like treats to women. ‘Coco clearly had her scalp though, which is how these girls seem to be working to get kisses from the guys. It’s as though the producers have briefed them to get kisses asap and it hints at some form of mega-revenge brewing if/when these ‘moments’ are shown back to the girls in the main villa. ‘Compare Coco’s body language with Andrew though and her signals of attraction and genuine interest are much weaker than they are with Davide. ‘She sat scrunched up and with one arm over her body in a barrier ritual as they chatted. She was leaning back, self-touching and preening but using much less eye contact. Calling him ‘sweet’ and saying ‘my mum would go for you’ was a clue to her lack of genuine connection and by looking away as he spoke, with her hand to her head meant she was already looking bored. Her laugh looked and sounded fake and after she’d leaned in to plant her awkward-looking kiss she pulled back laughing, which is never a good look.’ Well, Judi has spoken. Andrew is in for a world of more heartache because tonight he lays it on even thicker with Coco, both agreeing to explore their connection further. Over at Casa Amor, however, Tasha is having a ball with Billy and it looks as though they might even share a kiss. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Metro.co.uk’s Love or Lie Island with Judi James is available Thursdays from 4pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 