Love Island star Luca Bish has been deeply upset by Jacques O’Neill’s emotional exit from the series, having grown extremely close to the ex-boyfriend of his partner, Gemma Owen. However, he also implied that he’s harbouring tense feelings regarding any islander, implying that he thinks Paige Thorne should have left with her partner, Jacques, rather than choose to stay in the villa. On tonight’s episode, Luca spoke in the Beach Hut about how he was feeling in the aftermath of Jacques’ departure, saying that while he expected his friend to go home, he didn’t think it would be that day. However, he then told the camera directly: ‘I didn’t think he’d be leaving alone,’ with several viewers interpreting the comment to be Luca insinuating that he believes Paige should have jetted home as well. ‘Yeah, Luca he thought Paige would leave with him,’ one person commented. ‘Luca said Paige why you still here,’ another wrote, as someone else remarked: ‘Luca has insinuated twice that Paige should’ve left.’ Some people also noted how in their view, Luca appeared to be more sad over Jacques leaving than Paige. Earlier today, Jacques was seen for the first time since going home, with the rugby player photographed at a shopping centre in Yorkshire with a friend. The 23-year-old was dressed casually in a T-shirt and trousers, accessorising with a flashy watch and transparent-framed glasses. His mum previously confirmed that he was back in the UK, sharing a compilation of his time in the villa on Instagram with the caption: ‘He is home.’ When it was revealed that Jacques’ time on Love Island had come to an end, a spokesperson for the show said in a statement: ‘Jacques has made the decision to leave the Villa. ‘He will explain his reasons to the Islanders during tonight’s episode. We fully support his decision and look forward to seeing what’s next for Jacques.’ Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Jacques O’Neill’s former rugby team casts doubt on immediate resigning: ‘He’ll want to make a couple million first’ MORE : Jacques O’Neill’s Love Island exit is a promising sign reality stars are learning when to call time 