Cameron Norrie has reached the semi-finals of Wimbledon after defeating David Goffin in a five-set thriller – and now faces Novak Djokovic. After a poor start, the British No.1 recovered to win 3-6, 7-5, 2-6, 6-3, 7-5 on Court No.1 to reach a grand slam semi-final for the first time in his career. Asked for his thoughts on reaching the semi-final, a visibly emotional Norrie said: ‘Honestly, I’m just speechless. I can’t even talk. ‘So happy to get through which such a great team, and such a great family and friends here.’ Asked how big a part the crowd played, he continued: ‘For sure, it just wasn’t going my way from the beginning. I wasn’t feeling good, wasn’t feeling the ball, and that was all credit to David he was moving me, playing really good and I couldn’t find my game. ‘And then thanks to you guys I managed to stay as patient as I could and it was all just adrenaline. I tried to use my legs at the end and try to put the ball in the court and it was great to get over the line.’ Asked if it makes all the hard work worthwhile, he replied: ‘Yeah definitely, and I think just winning a match like this… I’m in shock. I don’t know what to say now. But just straight flashbacks of all the hard work, all the pre-seasons and all the sacrifices I’ve had to make. ‘It definitely pays off and it feels pretty good!’ Norrie will now face defending champion Novak Djokovic for a place in the final, and Norrie is already thinking ahead to the match. ‘Yeah it’s great to win this but it only gets tougher! I know he’s gonna come out and I’m going to enjoy that and take it to him and hopefully you guys can get behind me again – I’m sure you will! ‘Looking forward to it. Can’t enjoy it too much now, just get ready for Novak in a couple of days.’ MORE : ‘Toilet break was the turning point!’ – Novak Djokovic reaches Wimbledon semi-final with five-set thriller MORE : Nick Kyrgios charged with assaulting ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari in Australia For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 