Dominic Cummings has warned of potential ‘carnage’ if Boris Johnson is not replaced swiftly as Tory leader. The former No 10 aid has shared his running commentary on today’s unfolding government news via Twitter. Celebrations have ensued following Mr Johnson’s resignation, but his former employee thinks it’s not ‘over’ just yet. ‘I know that guy and I’m telling you – he doesn’t think it’s over,’ Mr Cummings wrote. ‘He’s thinking “there’s a war, weird s*** happens in a war, play for time play for time, I can still get out of this, I got a mandate, members love me, get to September.”‘ Mr Cummings also shared his verdict on the prime minister’s resignation speech. Surrounded by a small number of supporters, including his wife Carrie and daughter Romy, Mr Johnson vowed to give the next Tory leader ‘as much support as I can’. But Mr Johnson’s evasive language has been noted by many online, who shared the fact he did not explicitly use the word ‘resign’. Nor did he directly apologise for the Pincher affair. Following the speech, Mr Cummings tweeted it was ‘in character’ for the Tory leader. He wrote: [Boris] Blames everyone else. Thinks he’s the real victim. Sets up betrayal story for future Tory conferences and Telegraph columns.’ The former No 10 advisor has also used his platform to suggest Mr Johnson is ‘playing for time’ as much as possible. ‘We’re all in for a nightmare if he’s allowed to squat,’ Mr Cummings tweeted. Mr Johnson may have resigned today, but he reportedly still hopes to remain in the top job until autumn. Questions remain on who his replacement could be – with defence secretary Ben Wallace currently topping polls. Jeremy Hunt, Sajid Javid and Penny Mordaunt are all names being discussed. But Mr Cummings has called for Dominic Raab to take up the baton of leading the country, at least in the interim period. Earlier today, he tweeted: ‘Cabinet ministers should talk to Brady this a.m, agree Raab as interim PM, then speak to Cabinet Secretary and get him to fix with Palace…’ He added: ‘Evict TODAY or he’ll cause CARNAGE, even now he’s playing for time & will try to stay ‘No ‘dignity’, no ‘interim while leadership contest’. ‘Raab should be interim PM by evening.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.