The Love Island girls were not happy after Luca Bish’s antics in Casa Amor were shown to the rest of the islanders on Sunday night. Fans have been waiting all weekend to see the conclusion of Movie Night, which began on Friday night. Earlier this week, viewers saw Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s flirting with George Rains played out, as well as Gemma Owen admitting she would be ‘open’ to getting to know other guys. Tonight, things stepped up a gear as the girls saw how Luca was encouraging the rest of the boys to pursue a romance with the six bombshells. He could be seen ‘egging on’ Dami Hope, Davide Sanclimenti and Andrew Le Page to stray from their couples while the main girls were in Casa Amor. After Andrew kissed Coco Lodge, viewers saw Luca tell him: ‘He’s been here a month, his Love Island experience started today,’ leaving the female islanders shocked. ‘He’s literally egging everyone on,’ Paige Thorne commented. Luca addressed his antics in the Beach Hut, by saying: ‘Me egging on the boys was only natural when I didn’t ‘I only wanted to boys to have fun and be happy, think they’re all old enough to make their own decisions and be happy.’ However, when he was shown backing Davide to flirt with other girls, he was told by Summer Botwe: ‘Luca, you’re just a s**t stirrer.’ Moments later, Luca was left angered after Billy Brown was seen flirting with Gemma, even though she barely acted upon it. Fans were pleased to see the scenes played out to the girls, as one wrote: ‘Nah I forgot how Luca was egging them all on… #LoveIsland.’ ‘Luca was stirring, running his mouth, giggling with glee and then now he sees small small “I can’t even chat 2 yer” he’s now “fewmin’”???? Wild behaviour #LoveIsland,’ wrote another. ‘Luca is a hypocrite, egging the boys on to get to know people, but god for bid Gemma even look in the direction of another boy #LoveIsland,’ said another. Someone else said: ‘The glee Luca has at the girls’ unhappiness is actually weird. #loveisland.’ ‘So Luca can laugh at the guys MAJOR f**k ups but gets “f**king fuming” at Gemma being polite with Billy ? #loveisland,’ a viewer weighed in. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jacques O’Neill ‘understands why he got hate’ on Love Island as he issues emotional new statement: ‘It’s time to work on myself’ MORE : Love Island spoilers: Luca Bish confronts Gemma Owen over ‘flirty’ Billy Brown chat after movie night chaos 