Dame Deborah James’ coffin was carried by her husband Sebastien and 14-year-old son Hugo as her loved ones paid their respects at a private funeral. Campaigner, presenter and author James, who died aged 40 after a battle with bowel cancer, is being laid to rest at St Mary’s Church in Barnes. Sebastien and son Hugo were among those who carried the wicker coffin, adorned with the rose that bears her name, into the church on Wednesday afternoon. Her coffin arrived in a vintage Rolls-Royce hearse as more than a dozen members of family walked in procession behind. The family, all dressed in black, were greeted by the reverend of the Anglican church before making their way inside. During the service, Hugo read a poem he had written himself while his sister Eloise, 12, also delivered a piece. Husband Sebastien delivered a eulogy and family friend and classically-trained jazz singer Natalie Rushdie, who is married to novelist Salmon Rushdie’s son Zafar, sung Tell Me It’s Not True. The family came out of the church in silence and bowed their heads before leaving for a private wake, as James’ coffin was driven away from the church. Lorraine Kelly, Gaby Roslin, McFly star Tom Fletcher and his podcaster wife Giovanna were among the celebrity attendees. Ahead of the private service, family members carried a wreath of white flowers into the church. An attached note made reference to Sebastien and their children Hugo and Eloise, said: ‘Deborah, thank you to our extraordinary friend. You together with Seb, Eloise and Hugo are such an important part of our family, we will love and miss you forever.’ A mourner carried sheet music for the song Tell Me It’s Not True from the musical Blood Brothers, along with an order of service with a picture of James. The church bells chimed at 12.30pm ahead of the service, which began at 1pm and is featuring readings and music from relatives. Presenter, author, and campaigner James died after a battle with bowel cancer in June this year. James was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016 and was told early on that she may not live beyond five years. She had charted her cancer journey on her Instagram account as well as her podcast; You, Me and the Big C alongside Steve Bland and Lauren Mahon and, in the final weeks of her life, raised more than £6million for Cancer Research UK. Following her death, the fundraiser topped £7million. James had undergone many operations and treatments, including experimental drugs, throughout her bowel cancer battle, including a stay in hospital in July 2021 after finding out an aggressive new tumour near her liver had wrapped itself around her bile duct, causing an infection. In May, James moved into end-of-life hospice care. During the final months of her life, she launched the Bowelbabe fund for Cancer Research UK. In recognition of her incredible efforts, she received a Damehood, and received a visit from Prince William, who also paid tribute following her death, along with his wife, Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge. MORE : Dame Deborah James’s husband and children follow casket while Lorraine Kelly leads celebrity mourners at beloved cancer campaigner’s funeral MORE : Lorraine Kelly ‘still hasn’t processed’ death of Dame Deborah James as she raises glass in her memory 