Martin Odegaard expects big things from new Arsenal signing Gabriel Jesus and insists the Gunners are ‘lucky’ to have the former Manchester City striker. Arsenal spent £45m to sign Brazil international Jesus from Man City, with the 25-year-old signing a long-term deal at the Emirates. Jesus proved to be a reliable performer for Pep Guardiola’s City and helped the Manchester club win four Premier League titles, three League Cups and the FA Cup. The striker has already impressed Arsenal fans by scoring in both of the club’s recent pre-season friendlies, with Arteta claiming he has brought a ‘special energy’ to the squad. Odegaard is also excited by Jesus’ arrival and says linking up with the Brazilian ‘could be fun’. ‘I’ve only trained with him for a few days now, but it doesn’t take long to see that he has a lot of qualities,’ Odegaard told ESPN. ‘I think he will bring a lot of good things to the team. ‘I’ve seen him play a lot for Man City and yes, I think we are lucky to have him. I’m really excited to play with him and link up, I think it could be fun. ‘You see a lot in training to see what he’s like. Strikers, they want different things but you just have to watch him in training to see where he wants the ball. ‘My job is to feed him and try to make him score goals. That’s what I want to do. ‘I have to learn his movements, how he wants the ball, where he wants the ball and those kind of things. It takes a little bit of time but in training you can see what it’s like and I think it will be fine.’ Jesus is one of four new signings at Arsenal this summer, with Brazilian forward Marquinhos, American goalkeeper Matt Turner and Portuguese midfielder Fabio Vieira also arriving through the doors at the Emirates. The Gunners are close to securing their fifth summer signing after agreeing a £30m deal with Manchester City for Oleksandr Zinchenko and Arteta will hope his new recruits can help build on last season’s fifth-place finish in the Premier League. Outlining Arsenal’s aim for the 2022-23 season, Odegaard added: ‘The top four is a big thing for us. ‘I’m not going to lie, that’s where we want to be so [we want to] improve from last season, top four, maybe a trophy. That would be good.’ Arsenal kick-start their season against Gunners legend Patrick Vieira’s Crystal Palace on August 5. MORE : Mikel Arteta hints at multiple Arsenal signings amid Zinchenko links MORE : Emile Smith Rowe compares new Arsenal signing Fabio Vieira to Man City star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 