It’s understandable, when paying for a pricey new gadget, to feel you should also shell out the extra cash for a warranty. These plans promise to get your product repaired or replaced should anything happen to it – so can offer peace of mind. Yet the comfort is often misplaced. Which? research has found extended warranties, offered by some of the biggest online tech stores, aren’t worth the extra cost, and that ditching them could save you cash. We surveyed more than 2,000 consumers in April and found one in five bought a retailer’s extended warranty for a tech product or appliance in the past two years. Yet half of those who made a claim told us they’d had problems. That’s in part because the extended warranty policies aren’t always what they’re cracked up to be – and policies can vary depending on the retailer, not least when it comes to the price. Our survey revealed that, on average, extended warranties are taken out for just over two years at a cost of £84.80 a year. Yet, depending on the damage to the product, it could cost you less to organise any unexpected repairs yourself. For instance, our data shows getting a laptop fixed costs on average between £68 and £78, which may work out cheaper than paying for cover. Just bear in mind that more serious faults such as a hard disk failing will likely cost more. Then there’s the issue of what your extended warranty policies actually covers you for. Currys, for example, offered a more expensive care plan for laptops and washing machines than other retailers involved in the investigation, but it is the only store in our research not to include accidental damage in its warranty (though it does come with additional technical and customer service support). It’s important to check the policy details carefully so you don’t end up thinking you’re more covered than you actually are. Another consideration is whether extras, such as breakdown cover, are already included in the manufacturer’s guarantee. Most products we looked at came with a manufacturer warranty of at least one year, with some lasting two or five years, which would cover you for breakdowns, rendering extra payment for cover pointless. Then there are the caveats. An Amazon warranty, one of the cheaper options, only allows three successful claims in any 12-month period. Most of the other policies Which? looked at offered unlimited repairs. Some retailers also state that in the event of a replacement, they can’t guarantee a like-for-like product – but that’s less than what your statutory rights entitle you to. One retailer, Very, says your replacement might not be brand-new or the same colour. When we put our findings to the retailers they all pretty much told us the same thing: that their insurance plans and extended warranties offered peace of mind, good value and protection above manufacturer guarantees and statutory rights. Amazon said customers could get help quickly with its cover. Currys stressed its plans offer supporting benefits like 24/7 help and extras, such as an appliance valet service. Very told us 96% of claims have been accepted under its policies in the last six months with an average repair time of five days. But we’re still not convinced warranties or insurance plans at many major retailers are worth paying for. Our free guides explain your rights if your device develops a fault and how to cancel a warranty. For extra protection for your expensive goods, our experts think it’s worth looking at home and contents insurance that offers ‘accidental damage’ cover. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Expert tips to save money on Amazon Prime Day MORE : Woman shares ‘life-changing’ hack for saving money on petrol