Dame Kelly Holmes enjoyed her first Pride cerebration since coming out publicly as gay two weeks ago. The athlete, 52, was seen beaming with joy as she headed to London Pride, wearing denim shorts, a black top and a colourful kimono with a rainbow flag trim at the bottom. Dame Kelly completed the look with sunglasses and a black cross-body bag which also featured a rainbow stripe down the middle. Addressing the crowd, Dame Kelly insisted she would never live ‘behind that curtain’ again. She explained: ‘For those that don’t know me, I am an honorary colonel with the Royal Armoured Corps Training Regiment, I am a Dame Commander of The British Empire, I am the first British woman in the history of the Olympic Games to win two gold medals at the same games, I am mixed race and I am also a gay woman. ‘For 34 years I have never been able to say those words until two weeks ago due to the fear of judgment and retribution that was instilled in me since the age of 18 because the laws in the military and being in the public eye didn’t allow me to do it.’ She thanked fans for their support since coming out, adding: ‘All I can definitely say now is I’m 52, I’m never going to live behind that curtain again.’ The sportswoman was joined by Alison Hammond and Phillip Schofield, who both wore white T-shirts with the ITV logo in rainbow colours. Dame Kelly had publicly come out as gay just two weeks beforehand, having felt she had to hide her sexuality for 34 years for fear of persecution. She revealed that she had first realised she was gay at the age of 17 in 1988 when she kissed a female comrade while was a soldier in the Women’s Royal Army Corps. The sports star revealed that she kept her sexuality hidden for fear of being persecuted as same-sex relationships were banned in the force, but it was the pandemic that spurred her on that it was finally time to be her ‘real self’ after having breakdowns and suicidal thoughts from having to hide. Dame Kelly told the Sunday Mirror that she finally felt ‘free’ after coming out, adding: ‘I needed to do this now, for me. It was my decision. ‘I’m nervous about saying it. I feel like I’m going to explode with excitement. Sometimes I cry with relief. The moment this comes out, I’m essentially getting rid of that fear.’ Phillip, 60, also came out later in life, doing so on Instagram in February 2020, before sharing more on his decision to speak out publicly on an episode of This Morning. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Daley wishes Dame Kelly Holmes could have come out when she was a competing athlete instead of now aged 52 MORE : Dame Kelly Holmes recalls struggle with depression when finding strength to come out as gay  