Katie Price, aka Jordan, has been catching some rays on holiday in Thailand with boyfriend Carl Woods. The former glamour model’s hols come after she recently appeared in court for breaching a restraining order, where she narrowly avoided jail and was handed an 18-month community order. Katie has endured a string of legal woes lately, also having a speeding charge dropped after exceeding the 60mph speed limit in September last year. She was then charged with failing to provide information in January. But, the reality TV star seemingly wanted to get away from all her personal drama by jetting to warmer climates with Carl, whom she reunited with in April after a brief split a month earlier. Katie, 44, was photographed topping up her tan in the South East Asia country, where she landed last week, donning a lime green bikini. She wore a vibrant halter neck top which held her assets in place, pairing it with matching bottoms and a skirt with fringing detail. Katie carried her belongings in a straw beach bag and wore dark green sliders on her feet as she strolled around the swimming pool. Later, she was seen having some trouble settling into a hammock before getting comfy and doing a spot of sunbathing. Also on display was Katie’s extensive tattoo collection, with one of her inkings being a portrait of beau Carl – while he has several of her on his body. The photos of Katie in Thailand come after report shared that she’s been unwell while on her getaway, suffering from suspected food poisoning. A source said she suddenly became ‘very sick’ and started throwing up, telling the Mirror that she felt ‘poorly.’ ‘Katie could possibly have got food poisoning, although she’s trying to not let it affect her holiday and time with Carl,’ they added. The mum-of-five’s unwell state follows the news that she is taking a social media break for ‘personal reasons’. She made the announcement on her Instagram page, telling her millions of followers that she needs to ‘take time off’ while thanking them for their support. ‘I will be coming off all social media for a period of time. I need to take time off for personal reasons,’ she wrote. ‘Thank you to all my loyal fans for always supporting me xxx’, she concluded, turning off the comments. However, Katie is still posting on her OnlyFans account, continuing to rake in the cash by sharing saucy snaps, recently offering fans an exclusive behind the scenes look at a lingerie photoshoot. Katie and Carl have been celebrating her freedom after she avoided time behind bars after contacting her ex Kieran Hayler’s fiancée Michelle Penticost and calling her a ‘gutter s**g’. Michelle took what many believe was a swipe at Katie, who missed her and Peter Andre’s daughter Princess’s 15th birthday last week when she jetted off to Thailand. Michelle wrote on Instagram: ‘Kids will always remember who showed up. Not who made a Facebook post, or who texted once or twice a year. ‘They will remember who bothered to rearrange their schedule, to make inconvenient choices, and who made them a priority.’ Michelle then added her own ‘praying hands’ emoji underneath. Katie shares eldest Harvey with ex Dwight Yorke, and daughter Princess and son Junior Andre with Australian musician and ex-husband Peter Andre. She also co-parents Bunny and Jett with Kieran. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : X Factor revival to ‘return on Channel 5’ as Simon Cowell is reportedly bringing back singing competition 5 years after it last aired MORE : Love Island’s Antigoni Buxton defends Tasha Ghouri after online trolling and social media abuse: ‘She’s not done anything reckless’ 