A lifestyle influencer has shared a clip in which she recommends some very affordable Amazon bedding, saying they’re her ‘absolute favourite sheet set’. Julianna Christensen, who posts for her 1.4million followers on TikTok under the name julianna_claire, shared a video with three ‘Amazon bedroom must-haves under $30 (approx £25)’. It includes a cute carafe and glass set for water next to your bed, and a wedge-like tool designed to make putting a fitted sheet on easier. But, in our opinion, the real star of the show is the CGK luxury Sheet set. In the clip, Julianna says they’re wrinkle and shrink resistant. She also mentions the depth of the fitted sheet, saying it’s handy for keeping the sheet securely tucked under the mattress, but be aware that most of the sizes don’t come with a fitted sheet. Her video also says they’re available in 20 colours, however on our side of the pond, we can see only white, grey and You can get them in a range of sizes, and the wallet-friendly prices start at £15.99 for a single set to £22.99 for a super king set. The Amazon listings say the bedding is microfiber, anti-allergic and double brushed on both sides. Sound a little too good to be true? Well, the reviews are pretty impressive, with over 13,000 happy customers giving the sheets an amalgamated total of 4.5 out of five stars. Interested? You can do some shopping here. Each three-piece set includes a duvet cover and two pillowcases and the two-piece single sets have a duvet cover and one pillowcase. But be warned – there’s a huge price difference between the two and three-piece low-cost options and the six-piece blue queen set – which costs £110.89 – and the four-piece black twin set – which costs £78.60. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : We tried the ‘healthy’ Coca-Cola TikTok hack – this is our verdict MORE : Savvy mum who transformed kitchen for £57 shares five hacks for updating homes on a budget MORE : Savvy mum cooks gourmet meals using only yellow sticker buys