Sue Barker was left in tears as she recieved a standing ovation from the crowd at Wimbledon, after she stepped down as the BBC’s presenter following an incredible 30 years. The former tennis pro and A Question of Sport presenter previously announced that this will be her final year presenting. Attending the Centre Court Centenary Celebration, presenter and former player John McEnroe, 63, took a moment to celebrate the iconic presenter, saying: ‘One final word to the crowd. ‘On behalf of all the players, I just want to say that we’re gonna be lost without you. After 30 years of covering this tournament magnificently, please give it up for Sue Barker.’ Sue, 66, was visibly emotional as thousands of fans got to their feet, cheering and clapping for her. ‘Thank you so much but this is about the tournament and all I can say is from now on, John McEnroe is going to be commentating on Court 17 after that going off script!’ Sue joked. ‘But thank you, that means the world to me, it really does.’ Sue decided to hang up her mic this year after hosting Wimbledon for the past three decades, saying in a statement: ‘What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best. She joined the BBC’s Wimbledon coverage in 1993 and has fronted the network’s broadcast since 2000. Sue’s final match will be the Wimbledon men’s final which takes place on 10 July. She told Mail Plus: ‘When I started I never thought I would manage 30 years. I had actually made up my mind to leave in 2017 because the hours were becoming very long and quite challenging. ‘That would have been 25 years and seemed a good time, but I am so glad I made the decision to stay on. I’m very happy to be leaving with no regrets and on my own terms while I am still on top of the job, it just feels like the right time to go and leave it to others. ‘My mum was always so interested in my broadcasting career and we would speak every evening. When something like that happens it does make you reassess life, which is another reason I think this is the right time.’ During her career as a pro tennis player, Sue won 15 WTA Tour singles titles. In 1977 she made it to the Wimbledon semi-finals but lost out against Betty Stöve of the Netherlands. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Wimbledon presenters John McEnroe and Sue Barker slammed for showing support to jailed Boris Becker MORE : Why isn’t Sue Barker presenting BBC’s Wimbledon coverage in the morning? 