Emergency services had a call-out to remember this week, after a cheeky dog sparked a huge rescue. A concerned member of the public had called up police in Lancashire after spotting a ‘large pigeon’ on a roof. Officers were dispatched to the village of Thornton Cleveleys where they did indeed find an animal in need of rescue. But it was a furry brown dog rather than a ‘large pigeon’ that awaited them. Firefighters then scaled a ladder to bring the pet back down to ground level, before it was returned to its owners. Its not known how the dog, which was unharmed, managed to scale the roof. Posting on Twitter, Lancashire Roads Police wrote: ‘Report of a large pigeon on the roof at Wyre this evening, turned out to be a very big dog! Thankfully@LancashireFRS did an amazing job at rescuing the dog. ‘Reunited with owner.’ It took around 20 minutes to rescue the dog from the rooftop. Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service also took to social media to celebrate the rescue. They wrote on Twitter: ‘Definitely the biggest pigeon we’ve ever seen! ‘Good job our firefighters were ready to make a paw-fect rescue.’ Bizarrely, this isn’t the only rooftop dog attracting headlines this week. Golden retriever Huckleberry, who lives in Austin, Texas, enjoys nothing more than chilling on his owner’s roof. But concerned passerbys feared he was in danger and would routinely raise the alarm. This week, the dog’s owner put up a sign to make it clear she was aware of her pet’s strange hobby. The sign reads: ‘Huckleberry is living up to his name and learned how to jump onto our roof from the backyard. We never leave him in the backyard without someone being at home. He will not jump off unless you entice him with food or a ball! ‘We appreciate your concern but please do not knock on our door – we know he’s up there! But please feel free to take pictures of him and share with the world!’ Before installing the sign, the woman said she would have four to five people a week alerting her to Huckleberry’s presence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.