Boris Johnson’s top team was grim with ‘despair’ hours before the heavyweight resignations of Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid, it has been claimed. The prime minister had tried to lead his Tuesday morning meetings on the cost of living topic amid fierce criticism of his decision to make Chris Pincher his deputy chief whip despite sexual assault allegations against the MP. Earlier that morning, Mr Johnson’s claims that he had not been aware of ‘specific’ allegations had been trashed by a former top civil servant who said the PM had been ‘briefed in person’ about an investigation into Mr Pincher’s behaviour. Worse still for the Tory leader, he was allegedly told Mr Pincher ‘was not exonerated’ by the investigation. Westminster sources say the PM’s inner circle pushed discussions onto the scandal, leading to an agreement that he would publicly apologise that evening. By the time his ministers sat down, there was said to be a ‘look of pained horror’ around the table. After the meeting, one Cabinet minister asked by the Daily Mail what the mood had been like replied: ‘It was a case of: where are the cyanide pills?’ Another minister said: ‘Even some of the boss’ most loyal lieutenants could barely look at him.’ Several top government figures were livid at having to repeat assurances from Downing Street in the face of increasingly damaging claims. These included allegations by Dominic Cummings, Mr Johnsons’ former right-hand man, that the PM used to joke about the disgraced MP being ‘Pincher by name, pincher by nature’ long before appointing him. Downing Street did not deny he made the joke when asked by journalists, and a minister who insisted his boss would not make such comments has since resigned. Will Quince, an education minister, defended the prime minister on TV on Monday, before No 10’s claims began unravelling. On Wednesday morning he became the latest MP to quit the government payroll, citing the ‘inaccurate’ briefings he had been asked to peddle. It followed a continuing wave of resignations sparked on Wednesday evening when Mr Javid, the health secretary, and Mr Sunak, the chancellor, quit in disgust at the handling of the affair. The close friendship reportedly shared by the two senior ministers has prompted speculation that their resignation was not a coincidence. Insiders say many government figures had been looking for a clear ‘out’ after months of worsening anger at Mr Johnson’s leadership on issues like the ‘Partygate’ scandal. Laura Trott MP, who quit her post as a Permanent Private Secretary, said in a Facebook post afterwards: ‘Trust in politics is – and must always be – of the upmost importance, but sadly in recent months this has been lost.’ Senior Tory backbenchers including ex-Brexit secretary Lord Frost and former leader William Hague have publicly warned Mr Johnson his time is up. The PM propped up his government last night by drafting in Nadhim Zahawi to run the Treasury and Steve Barclay as Education Secretary. But he will face hostility from all sides of the Commons at prime minister’s questions at noon, potentially including calls to step down from his own benches. The PM is  then due to be grilled by a panel of MPs at the liaison committee later in the afternoon. Mr Zahawi cautioned his colleagues against walking away, telling ITV’s Good Morning Britain programme: ‘All I would say to my colleagues is people don’t vote for divided teams.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.