No wonder people in hot countries have an afternoon siesta. The hot weather makes us sleepy at the best of times – but having to concentrate on projects, or complete tedious work during the most intense heatwave on UK records, is enough to put anyone straight into a day-long doze. ‘Trying to stay focused in extreme heat can often be an arduous task,’ explains Adam Foster, AKA The Fibro Guy. Hot weather is notorious for wrecking our cognition and making it hard to focus. He says this extreme heat can give us ‘brain fog.’ Unfortunately, for most of us, getting a day off isn’t an option – so we spoke to some experts to get their top tips on how to focus during the heatwave. ‘During hot weather, we may find it more difficult to concentrate because our body and brain will naturally focus on wanting to cool ourselves down,’ explains Dr Charlotte Russell, a clinical psychologist and founder of The Travel Psychologist. ‘If we think about it in evolutionary terms, we wouldn’t have survived as a species if we were concentrating on productivity rather than finding ways to keep cool.’ Fabio Sessa, a clinical hypnotherapist at the Therapethical, explains that: ‘When it’s hot outside, it is hard to focus because the heat makes our bodies feel less energetic and alert. ‘The human body is accustomed to being cool – so we lose some of our mental edges when we’re exposed to extreme heat.’ Keeping your fluid intake up is going to be essential. ‘Make sure to stay hydrated,’ Charlotte says. ‘Even a small amount of dehydration can affect our concentration, as this will cause our body to focus on survival. ‘In usual circumstances, caffeine can help us to focus but beware of drinking too much as this can dehydrate you and make you feel sluggish in the extreme heat.’ Emma Cowan, from Superprof, also explains that: ‘Staying hydrated will help keep the brain at its best. As the brain is largely water, dehydration can reduce reaction times and lower your concentration levels, so it’s crucial to up your water intake to stay focused. ‘Try to keep a water bottle handy at your desk to encourage regular drinking throughout the day while you’re stuck at work or studying.’ But beware of extreme exhaustion as that may indicate something more serious, warns GP and medical director of Cosmedics, Dr Ross Perry. ‘If you are experiencing heat exhaustion for an extended period of time, it can lead to heat stroke, which can be extremely dangerous,’ he explains. ‘Symptoms of heatstroke include feeling sick, dizziness, faint, confusion and cramps. ‘People tend to get heatstroke when they’ve had prolonged exposure to high temperatures combined with dehydration which then leads to failure of the body’s control system.’ Make sure to eat well in order to maintain energy levels. ‘To keep your focus, have a selection of cooling, healthy snacks to eat so your energy is boosted, you’re not feeling too hot, and your focus can stay on work,’ says Georgia Gadsby March, co-founder of Unearth PR. ‘Try freezing fruit, like strawberries or grapes, and munching on them throughout the day.’ Having smaller meals also helps with digestion. Charlotte suggests taking lots of breaks, as well as prioritising key tasks earlier in the day – AKA, when it is cooler. ‘If you are struggling to concentrate, you may find it helpful to concentrate in short “chunks” of time,’ she says. ‘Set a timer and concentrate for half an hour at a time. Take a break between each chunk and do what you need to cool yourself down. ‘If you work from home, many people find it can help with their concentration if they go for a walk in the morning before starting work.’ ‘Addressing spiking heat and discomfort is paramount, particularly if you’re working from home,’ says Sarah Austin, the founder and director of the Lloyd’s Bank British Business Excellence Awards. ‘The two major areas of the body to focus on are your feet and the top of your head. If you begin to feel uncomfortable spikes of prickly heat and become hot and bothered – fill a dish bowl with cold water and gently place your feet in it while you work.’ Sarah also says that people need to block out the sun entirely by pulling down their blinds and drawing the curtains. ‘It sounds counterintuitive, and you may feel as though you have just created a fully sealed box for the heat to be trapped inside of,’ she says. ‘But what you will be doing is avoiding the “greenhouse effect” from taking hold. ‘Creating a barrier between your working space and the sun by using your blinds or curtains is a fantastic way of reducing the internal temperature in your home and preventing the hot outside air from getting in.’ She also suggests using a fan or making a DIY AC unit by placing ice packs or frozen water in front of a fan. This will help move cool air around the room, which should keep you more alert and awake. ‘Speak to your boss about changing your hours,’ recommends Christine Macdonald, director of HR and management company The Hub Events. ‘This may not be possible, but managers have learnt to be flexible during the Covid-19 crisis, and working from home does allow for looser working conditions. ‘If you’re really struggling to work during the day, see if you can work earlier – 6am (before the sun really gets hot) – or later, after 6pm (when things start to cool down). ‘Many managers will be flexible, especially if it’s only for a couple of days.’ ‘Try not to put too much pressure on yourself when it comes to bigger tasks,’ says Emma. ‘If you’re finding that the heat is draining your concentration levels, focus on small and manageable tasks. ‘Try taking on big projects in the early hours when it’s cooler or later in the evening so you’re not battling with a loss of focus at the hottest points in the day.’ Ultimately, it’s inevitable that the heat is going to impact our ability to focus – so don’t be too hard on yourself if you aren’t able to be at the top of your game. ‘We all want to stay at our most productive, but try not to beat yourself up if you’re not working at peak performance right now,’ says Christine. ‘Putting aside the heat, we’ve all had an extremely stressful year – it helps to step back, take a little breather and get through what you can without causing yourself any extra stress.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Do hot drinks cool you down in a heatwave? MORE : How to work from home during a heatwave MORE : Is it better to have a hot or cold shower during a heatwave?