Comedian Paul Chowdhry has responded to a fan who witnessed him being attacked by ‘thugs’ in his car on Friday night. Paul, 47, is a regular on panel shows and the stand-up circuit in the UK, and previously presented Stand Up for the Week. However, the much-loved comic was involved in a terrifying incident earlier this week, which led a fan to intervene. He confirmed he was attacked while ‘in his car’ after the witness messaged him to check whether he was okay. He posted screengrabs of messages sent to him by the concerned fan: ‘Hey Paul was that you at new Oxford street? Looked like some thugs tried to attack you.’ They added:  ‘I did send the police who were a few cars behind but I think you drove off by then.’ He told his followers on social media: ‘I was attacked in my car yesterday in London. I’m fine and I will update you as soon as I can.’ Fans of the star quickly sent their love, and were relieved to hear Paul was doing okay. Fellow comedian and Loose Women star Judi Love commented: ‘Omg hope your okay hun xxx’. ‘Glad to hear you’re ok, but what?!!’ a fan replied. Another added: So sorry to see this. Really hope you’re OK xx.’ Someone else wrote: ‘Don’t let it shake you up. Glad to hear you are fine.’ The Met Police told Metro.co.uk that they have not yet received a report in relation to the incident. It comes after Paul, who is of Indian Punjabi Sikh descent, told Gaby Roslin he had been the victim of racially motivated attacks in the past. ‘I’ve been attacked, lots of stuff has happened to me,’ he told the TV star, on her That Gaby Roslin Podcast. ‘But you can’t let it affect you, you know it’s a part of human nature, some of the darker sides.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Christine McGuinness proudly wears wedding ring and flashes big smile after revealing ‘difficult time’ with husband Paddy MORE : Sophie Raworth bids farewell on BBC’s final Sunday Morning after replacing Andrew Marr 