Di Kershaw, a beloved member of the cast of Gogglebox Australia, has died at the age of 76. Tributes have flooded in for the late star, after the news of her death was broken by entertainment reporter Peter Ford on 3AW radio on Monday morning. Speaking of Kershaw – who appeared on the TV programme with her husband Mick from season one until season 15, which aired earlier this year – Ford said: ‘She’s been sick sadly for a couple of months now, so condolences to Mick and the entire family. ‘She was great talent – the producers struck gold when they found her.’ Speaking further on The Morning Show in Australia, Ford explained that in the real world, Kershaw worked as a ‘respected Indigenous art dealer’ and even received an Order of Australia medal a couple of years ago for her work in her field. ‘Mick and she had been together for over 50 years, such a devoted couple. So we send our condolences to Mick, their children and their grandchild. She had been ill in recent months,’ he said. ‘In the early days, she’d often sit there with a big glass of chardonnay. When the producers found these two, particularly Di – they struck gold. For what Gogglebox is, she was just absolutely brilliant talent. So we’re sad to note her passing after a short illness.’ In a statement shared by Gogglebox Australia on social media, the TV show posted a compilation of photos of Kershaw throughout her life, including from her wedding day to Mick. ‘It is with a heavy heart that we announce the passing of our beloved friend, Di. She was adored by all who knew her, and we will miss her dearly,’ the statement read. ‘We’re incredibly grateful to have had her as part of the Gogglebox family since day one, bringing joy with her unforgettable laugh and razor-sharp wit. ‘Our thoughts are with Mick and their family during this terribly sad time.’ FOXTEL, Network 10, and Endemol Shine Australia also a released a joint statement recalling how over the past eight years on Gogglebox Australia, they were ‘privileged to have her luminescent character make us chuckle with her sardonic wit, crackling laugh and her impeccable style on Gogglebox’. The message concluded with a fitting tribute to Kershaw, which read: ‘Di would always sign off correspondence with “Pleasure Treasure”, but the pleasure was all ours and we will treasure it forever. Several Gogglebox Australia fans paid homage to Kershaw, with one writing: ‘Very sad news this morning. Raise our wine glasses to Di from Gogglebox who has sadly passed away.’ ‘RIP Di. Gogglebox will be empty without you,’ another person wrote. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox star Stephen Webb apologises for ‘pulling woman into pool’ after ‘shouting at her’ MORE : Gogglebox star Georgia Bell introducing her new baby boy to co-star Abbie Lynn is the heartwarming content we need right now 