EasyJet passengers were only offered ‘one glass of water’ to drink as they were trapped on an EasyJet plane at Gatwick for over four hours. One infuriated customer said there was a ‘mutiny’ on board which saw people ‘giving a deadline’ on when they’d simply leave the aircraft. Dominey Jenner said the flight to Dubrovnik, Coratia, was due depart at 1.40pm on Monday, but that passengers were only let on the plane at 4.30pm. More than three hours later, she shared a short clip of bored, tired and frustrated passengers still waiting for the aircraft to take off. She tweeted: ‘I’m stuck on an @easyJet plane at Gatwick South. It’s full and there are young children on board. ‘Should have departed at 1.40pm. We’ve been offered one glass of water and there’s no food available.’ Later, she wrote: ‘We managed to get off at about 8.30pm. There was mutiny on board with people giving a deadline as to when they would simply leave. ‘I heard that the police at Gatwick were about to come and escort us off as they’d had calls from people on board. Will never fly @easyJet again.’ EasyJet confirmed to Metro.co.uk that no police attended. A spokesperson for the airline said: ‘We are very sorry for the delay and subsequent cancellation of flight EZY6427 from London Gatwick to Dubrovnik, due to a technical issue with the aircraft operating the flight. ‘Due to coaching delays as a result of staff sickness at Gatwick airport, customers were delayed in disembarking and while our crew did all possible to minimise the impact of the delay providing refreshments onboard, we fully understand and are very sorry for the difficulty this will have caused. ‘We notified customers directly of their options to rebook or receive a full refund, along with information on how to arrange this online or via the app. ‘Unfortunately there was limited hotel accommodation available in London Gatwick and so we advised customers who were required to source their own that they will be reimbursed. ‘Our team is contacting Ms Jenner to apologise for her experience and offer any further assistance she may need.’ Airports and airlines have been thrown into chaos in recent months due to a huge surge in demand for travel post-lockdown. They’ve been struggling to cope, as so many staff were laid off during the height of the Covid pandemic. Meanwhile crews are overstretched as too many workers are off sick with coronavirus. EasyJet’s chief operating officer Peter Bellew announced his resignation earlier this month after the budget airline cancelled thousands of flights this summer. Chief executive Johan Lundgren said: ‘I would like to thank Peter for his hard work and wish him well. Everyone at easyJet remains absolutely focused on delivering a safe and reliable operation this summer.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   