The plan to deport people seeking asylum in the UK to Rwanda has not proved universally popular, with people from Prince Charles to the Archbishop of Canterbury reportedly condemning it. But Tory leadership hopeful Liz Truss is a fan – so much so, that she wants to extend the scheme to other countries as well. ‘The Rwanda policy is the right policy,’ she told the Mail on Sunday today. ‘I’m determined to see it through to full implementation, as well as exploring other countries that we can work on similar partnerships with. It’s the right thing to do.’ Britain currently stands to lose the £120 million it has already paid to Rwanda if the plan to deport migrants there is ruled unlawful by the courts and it can’t go ahead. Yesterday, Rwanda defended the policy but said it now only has capacity to take 200 migrants, as opposed to the up to 1,000 previously discussed. Rwandan government spokesperson Yolande Makolo said this could ‘scale up’ in the future but at the moment that was the situation. Asylum seekers sent there would have their claims processed there, and would not return to the UK even if they were given refugee status. Officials from the east African nation’s government confirmed this week it had received the entire initial payment for the agreement signed in April and that the funds are already ‘committed’, with some money spent on preparations for arrivals. The first deportation flight was grounded in June after a series of legal challenges, and another attempt is yet to be scheduled. Ms Truss said her plan to tackle illegal migration would be given a strong legal foundation by the new UK Bill of Rights, adding: ‘We need to break the cycle of these appalling gangs and stop people taking dangerous journeys across the Channel. ‘I’ll make sure we have the right levels of force and protection at our borders. I will not cower to the ECHR (European Convention on Human Rights) and its continued efforts to try and control immigration policy.’ A source close to Ms Truss said she had been involved in developing the ‘generation-defining’ Rwanda policy, and had been frustrated at ECHR ‘mission creep’. Rishi Sunak, who addressed supporters from Margaret Thatcher’s birthplace yesterday, has also defended the Rwanda policy as both leadership candidates sought to appear tough on immigration. His campaign promised to do ‘whatever it takes’ for the scheme to succeed. While Ms Truss promised an expanded Border Force, Mr Sunak committed to an annual cap on the number of refugees coming to Britain, albeit one that can be changed in the case of sudden emergencies. He also offered a 10-point plan that will include a commitment to a narrower definition of who qualifies for asylum compared to that from the ECHR, with enhanced powers to detain, tag and monitor illegal migrants. ‘Our immigration system is broken and we have to be honest about that,’ he said. ‘Whether you believe that migration should be high or low, we can all agree that it should be legal and controlled.” Ms Truss, during a visit to party members in Kent, once again defended her plans for potentially £30 billion of tax cuts, saying: ‘I think it is wrong to be taking money from people that we don’t need to take, when people across the country are struggling with the cost-of-living crisis.’ Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper accused the candidates of wasting taxpayers’ money on the Rwanda scheme. She said: ‘The Conservatives have been in power for 12 years. It beggars belief that they claim to be the ones to sort things out when they have both failed for so long.’ It comes as new polling by Opinium suggests voters are largely split between Ms Truss and Mr Sunak, with 43% believing the former chancellor would be a good PM compared to 36% for the Foreign Secretary. Both candidates still have time to make an impression on the public, with the pair set to face-off in a televised BBC debate on Monday, followed by another debate on Tuesday hosted by The Sun and TalkTV. Mr Sunak and Ms Truss have also signed up for a Sky debate on August 4. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.