A dramatic chase came to an abrupt end after a group of crime-fighting emus took matters into their own hands – or perhaps we should say feathers. The birds had been pottering around their field in Wiltshire when they were rudely disturbed on Monday. A man had fled the scene of a crash in the town of Malmesbury, and his line of escape led directly through the emus’ field. Local chef Dean Wade had heard the commotion and poked his head out his workplace, the Old Bell Hotel. He spotted the driver dashing away from the crash scene and gave chase. The driver evaded capture for around 10 minutes before coming to a halt next to the emu enclosure. The chef warned the man to avoid the birds, but received the reply ‘I can fight emus.’ Dean said he watched on as one emu curiously approached the man and started to peck at him with its beak. The driver, shaken up by his encounter, then took flight once more and dashed towards a river. Police officers, aided by a helicopter, later traced and apprehended the man and his passenger. Gary and Janinka, proud owners of the Malmesbury Animal Sanctuary, have spoken out for the first time about their animals’ important role in Monday’s chase. The emu would have been ‘rather startled’ and ‘understandably rather surprised’ at the enclosure’s intruder, they explained. It is thought an emu called Boomer was the wannabe police officer who approached the man. Gary told Metro.co.uk: ‘When emus are afraid they raise themselves up high, hiss and fluff out their feathers – much like a domestic cat. ‘Moreover, far from attacking, emus will normally run away from any perceived danger, and will only ever defend themselves if attacked by another animal, or person.’ The story of the Malmesbury emus have hit headlines across the globe, even reaching the Washington Post, but Gary and Janinka were keen to get the record straight before they gave interviews. It wasn’t until the pair met with Dean that they were able to glean the full details of Monday’s incident. ‘This is why we initially stayed quiet making no comment until we fully understood what had occurred’, explained Janinka. Gary added that it was a ‘small miracle’ no-one was injured in the initial crash on Monday. He added: ‘It could easily have been so much worse, and highlights the dangers of drinking and driving.’ The Malmesbury Animal Sanctuary is home to all manner of creatures – from pygmy goats to alpacas. It runs on donations and has a small army of volunteers, from the ages of eight to 72, who maintain day to day affairs. The sanctuary is home to seven emus, three adults and four babies, who can grow up to six feet tall. Gary and Janika added: ‘They’re affectionate emus, in particular, love cuddles with volunteers, and showers – particularly during the recent spell of very hot weather. ‘If they look a little odd and out of place it’s worth remembering that these animals are direct decedents of dinosaurs. ‘They are not naturally aggressive creatures, but like any animal will defend themselves if they feel threatened.’ On Monday, the sanctuary posted a picture of Boomer on Facebook and wrote: ‘Hey, we loves ya people but you gotta let us know you’re coming! I mean I wouldn’t just walk into your house like that! Though I’d love an invite! ‘We’re big, we’re clumsy, we might peck to say hello and our little dances are called Zoomies and we got no brains. ‘We have zero spacial awareness but we are soooo cute, just look at ma face! Read about us, follow us on here but like I said, don’t come in uninvited, I don’t have time for that, that’s all!’ The emu has already become a local celebrity in Malmesbury, with the town’s carnival committee taking inspiration. A new ‘best Emu prize’ will challenge townsfolk to dress as the feathered bird or reference the animal in a float. To find out more about Boomer and his friends, or to donate to the Malmesbury Animal Sanctuary, click here. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.