We are all aware now that the chemical-laden cleaning products encased in excess plastic and lurking under our sinks are not just bad for our health and the environment, they also often cost a fortune to boot. So never has it been more vital for future generations for us to step back in time – and look at the way our grandparents did things. Nancy Birtwhistle is doing just that – the best-selling author and former Great British Bake Off winner has written a book packed with money-saving tips to make our homes more eco-friendly. ‘I was motivated to protect the planet for my ten grandchildren,’ says Nancy. ‘I decided to change how I used plastic, single-use products and chemicals in my home and share my tips online.’ To her astonishment, Nancy amassed an international following of fans who embraced her eco-saving swaps to make as little an impact on the environment as possible. And she turned her research into a best–selling book. ‘Our planet is struggling and we need to use our resources, our money and our time wisely to try to change some of our ways for our own sakes, and for the generations that will follow.’ Here, Nancy shares some natural swaps to boost your budget and banish harmful toxins from your home. This eco-friendly product really does what it says on the tin. I call it Pure Magic. Cheaper than branded eco-friendly products, it has so many uses and, of course, there’s no single-use plastic packaging. I used to be a chlorine bleach addict – it was my go-to germ killer and whitener. Then I read the back label, the small print and hazard data sheets and understood how damaging it is to the environment. It takes years and years to break down, is toxic and the fumes can irritate the eyes, throat, lungs and skin. My Pure Magic is not harmful, it kills germs, destroys limescale (which bleach alone doesn’t do) and smells fresh. You will need: Method: Place the measured crystals in a heatproof measuring jug and pour over just-boiled water. Stir until the liquid is clear and the crystals have dissolved, then simply add the eco-friendly washing-up liquid and tea tree oil and mix well using a small whisk. Leave the liquid in the jug to cool completely, uncovered, for a few hours to prevent crystallisation, then pour into a spray bottle and it is ready to use. Use two to three tablespoons of Pure Magic in cold water for an overnight pre-soak of your white washing and to dissolve the most stubborn of stains. Fixed stains: Use a small paintbrush to dampen the stain with the Pure Magic – if the garment is already slightly damp this is easier to do. Add a sprinkle of table salt and massage together to a gritty paste using the paintbrush. Pop the article in a plastic bag (a used one) to keep everything moist. Leave for an hour – or overnight – then remove from bag and pop in the washing machine set at 20°C (yes, 20°C!) Quick sink clean: Pour a tablespoon of Pure Magic into the sink then scrub around for the quickest clean, stain removal and sanitisation, rinsing well after use. I write with huge enthusiasm about the many cleaning uses for bicarbonate of soda; I love it. And my homemade cream cleaner is perfect for granite worktops and sanitary ware, being non-acidic and only slightly abrasive. You will need: Method: Place all ingredients into the recycled jar or tub, stir to a thick smooth paste and it is ready to use. I find a reused jar is much better with its own mini wooden spoon kept inside for stirring and dispensing as it gets clogged in a squeezy bottle. The bicarbonate of soda cleans and gently rubs away stains, the washing-up liquid, while assisting with the clean, also emulsifies the ingredients, and the vegetable glycerine, as well as having gentle cleaning properties (it is used in many skin products), treats and feeds. Works a treat on my pine kitchen table, cleans silver and also removed red wine stains from tile grouting – just add a blob of my cream cleaner directly to the stain, rub in with an old toothbrush, leave for a minute or two then wipe off! Green Living Made Easy: 101 Eco Tips, Hacks And Recipes To Save Time And Money (Bluebird and One Boat) is available from Waterstones for £14.99. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Six practical tips to make your bathroom more eco-friendly MORE : Clever DIY household hacks to help you save money MORE : A list of how often to replace household items has sparked heated debate – but do you agree?