A school has paid tribute to a ‘caring, intelligent and fun-loving’ pupil who was murdered by his mum and her boyfriend in a campaign of ‘utterly horrific and prolonged’ torture. Sebastian Kalinowski, 15, died of an infection caused by weeks of abuse at the hands of mother Agnieszka Kalinowska, 35, and her long-term partner, 38-year-old Andrzej Latoszewski. Jurors at Leeds Crown Court heard he was beaten with a bed slat, whipped with an extension cable, and stabbed with a needle – all while being subjected to ‘the most derogatory and inhuman’ verbal abuse. Andrew Fell, headteacher of North Huddersfield Trust School (NHTS), issued a statement after Kalinowska and Latoszewski were convicted of murder saying Sebastian will be ‘fondly remembered, greatly missed’. He said of the teenager, who had been in the UK for less than a year after moving from Poland to live with the defendants: ‘Sebastian was happy at NHTS. ‘His spoken English improved significantly, helping him blossom from an initially shy student into one with much more confidence and a strong circle of friends. ‘Caring, intelligent and fun-loving, he will be remembered for his charming smile, his sharp sense of humour and his kindness.’ The head said: ‘He embodied what our school stands for in demonstrating a positive attitude to school, treating others with respect and showing a determination to make the most of his education. ‘Our close-knit school community is deeply saddened by the loss of Sebastian.’ Mr Fell said that when Sebastian joined NHTS in October 2020 he spoke very little English but he worked closely with the school’s Aspire (English as an additional language) team who helped him build relationships and develop more confidence. He said it was ‘obvious that he was dedicated to learning and particularly excelled in quizzes that tested knowledge of different topics designed to help his integration into school in a new country’. The headteacher said Sebastian used Google Translate to communicate with others in his tutor group. Mr Fell recalled how he taught his form tutor the Polish for ‘good morning’. He said: ‘It became a daily ritual for his form tutor to greet Sebastian in Polish, to which his response would be a polite smile and a nod, followed by the correct pronunciation.’ And he added: ‘Sebastian particularly enjoyed maths where he stood out amongst his peers and managed to make a huge impression on his teacher. ‘He was incredibly keen to consistently improve and to show what he was capable of achieving; his efficient grasp of new concepts saw him regularly giving support to other students.’ Jurors heard that, on the morning of Sebastian’s final day, August 13, 2021, he went through ‘the routine of being assaulted by both defendants’. Mr Pitter said: ‘A broad description is one of Sebastian being attacked, principally and most severely by Latoszewski, but with his mother being involved at various times. ‘It included messages and recordings of conversations which have the defendants speaking of and to Sebastian in the most derogatory and inhuman ways, in the context of a perceived need to punish him. ‘That included forcing him to undertake physical and humiliating drills, even when he was too weak to really do so.’ He said: ‘The punishments, if that is an appropriate way to describe them, were by any stretch of the imagination cruel and became increasingly more severe and violent over time. ‘It would appear that the punishments were precipitated by things such as Sebastian merely dropping food on his bedroom floor, or even just having gone to the toilet during the night.’ The court heard that Sebastian suffered injuries including bruising to his buttocks, forehead, jaw, abdomen, arms and legs, and multiple rib fractures, and he died from an infection caused by ‘untreated complications of multiple rib fractures’. The judge, Mrs Justice Lambert, said the defendants will be sentenced in October at the earliest. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.