Thomas Tuchel is ready to sell four Chelsea stars after completing a deal for Jules Kounde but could be stuck with the unwanted players as the Blues struggle to attract offers. Chelsea are working hard to sign France international Kounde from Sevilla, having already brought Raheem Sterling and Kalidou Koulibaly to Stamford Bridge this summer. Tuchel is keen to add another star defender to his squad, having seen Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen depart at the end of last season. But Chelsea face major competition from Barcelona, who are prepared to put their financial issues to one side to poach Kounde from their La Liga rivals. Chelsea, though, remain optimistic that Kounde will be heading to west London and Tuchel and Todd Boehly will turn their attentions to departures if and when they complete their third summer signing. According to The Telegraph, Tuchel is prepared to sanction the departures of a number of first-team regulars, although whether Chelsea can attract suitable offers remains to be seen. It is claimed that Tuchel is ready to offload German forward Timo Werner, Spanish goalkeeper Kepa Arrizabalaga, Moroccan winger Hakim Ziyech and Belgian striker Michy Batshuayi. Werner and Ziyech have been heavily linked with moves away from Chelsea following Sterling’s £50m move from Manchester City, with Werner hinting he could seek a transfer. Arrizabalaga does not want to spend another season as Edouard Mendy’s back-up but Chelsea will struggle to recoup the £72m they spent on him in 2018. Ziyech, meanwhile, has held talks over a loan move to Serie A side AC Milan and is open to leaving after slipping down the pecking order at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea are currently in America for the club’s pre-season tour and Tuchel has already sent four players home, with Armando Broja and Levi Colwill likely to leave before the transfer deadline. MORE : Sadio Mane named African Footballer of the Year ahead of Chelsea star MORE : Thomas Tuchel urged to make Raheem Sterling his Chelsea captain For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 