Summer getaways for travellers have got off to a rocky start this weekend, with severe delays across the UK. The AA have issued their very first amber warning for traffic disruption, with queues already building up at the Port of Dover. Delays are expected to peak between 11am and 3pm today and tomorrow as families all rush to start their holidays. Huge crowds have swarmed near the Eurostar, where ‘staff are trying valiantly’ to keep travellers calm. Pictures from a busy Manchester Airport have also been shared this morning as people are urged to allow more time for their flights. Train strikes also kicked off this morning, after members of the drivers union Aslef walked out over pay. Staff are calling for an increased salary to keep pace with the rise in inflation in the UK. Unions have been accused of ‘dragging their feet’ in negotiations, while the government has in turn been accused of ‘lying’ to the public. Today’s strike is hitting Arriva Rail London, Greater Anglia, Great Western, Hull Trains, LNER, Southeastern and West Midlands Trains. There will also be no services on the London Overground network, and no Night Overground services on Saturday evening and the early hours on Sunday. North of the border, Scotrail have confirmed services will not be affected. The Rail Delivery Group said the industrial action has been timed to coincide with the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham and the start of the new season for most English football league clubs. Steve Montgomery, chairman of the Rail Delivery Group, said: ‘Millions of passengers will have their weekend plans disrupted, particularly those who are working, or going to the Commonwealth Games or the first football match of the season. ‘While we will do all that we can to minimise disruption, if you are going to travel on the routes affected, please plan ahead and check the latest travel advice.’ He added: ‘Further strikes will see our people out of pocket and mean less money to fund a pay rise, so we urge the Aslef leadership to resume talks so we can reach a deal that is fair to staff and taxpayers, and which secures a bright, long-term future of our railway.’ But union leaders say walkouts are necessary to get staff fair wages. ‘Strikes are always the last resort,’ said Mick Whelan, general secretary of Aslef explained. ‘We don’t want to inconvenience passengers, our friends and families use public transport, too, and we don’t want to lose money by going on strike but we’ve been forced into this position by the companies, who say they have been driven to this by the Tory government. ‘Many of our members, who were the men and women who moved key workers and goods around the country during the pandemic, have not had a pay rise since 2019.’ He added: ‘We want an increase in line with the cost of living, we want to be able to buy, in 2022, what we could buy in 2021.’ More industrial action is planned next month by Aslef and the RMT in the deadlocked row over pay, jobs and conditions. Mr Montgomery issued an open invitation to union leaders to meet with him to hold ‘meaningful talks’ to resolve the dispute. Anthony Smith, chief executive of watchdog Transport Focus, said: ‘It is crucial that talks continue to find a solution that avoids passengers being continually dragged into this industrial dispute.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 