Ava Raine made her WWE live event debut last weekend at an NXT show and appears to be off to a great start. The 20-year-old star – whose father is wrestling legend turned Hollywood icon Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson – is taking her early steps in the family business as she became the company’s first ever fourth generation talent. Ava – real name Simone Johnson – looked and sounded confident as she cut her first promo in front of a live crowd, putting the NXT 2.0 women’s division on notice with references to stars like Wendy Choo and Cora Jade. ‘Ava Raine is the embodiment of NXT 2.0. I am something fresh, I am something new and I am something that all of you have been craving,’ she said to cheers from the audience, as seen in a video shared by fans on Twitter. ‘I don’t need to come out here and say that I’m a rich girl, or come out here with a pillow. Or come out here and ride around the ring on a skateboard! To all of you, I am completely a mystery.’ She added: ‘They will all fall down, all of them, except me! I am Ava Raine, and I am the Final Girl!’ While we’re sure Dwayne has been on hand to help out – and he did visit WWE’s Performance Center in early 2020 to work with his daughter and her fellow trainees in the past – the actor has revealed she is forging her own path. He told Entertainment Tonight: ‘She is fiercely independent. It’s very important for her to make her own way. Blaze her own trail. Blaze her own path. She doesn’t come to me looking for a lot which I respect that. And I’m here watching and supporting.’ Although Ava is yet to appear on television, it only be a matter of time as she was recently spotted backstage at NXT 2.0 with pictures shared on her Twitter in an interview area showing off her new black and red hairstyle. It’s not been too easy for the rising star, as she has suffered three knee surgeries since signing for WWE in 2020, but now she seems poised to seize her moment in the spotlight. Showing her confidence, she recently hit out at people criticising her name change as she moved away from her family’s rich history in the business and looked to forge her own path as Ava Raine. ‘I probably sound like a broken record and hopefully this is the last I’ll mention this, but I don’t understand why people being portrayed as separate individuals from their family name is such a heated topic,’ she argued. ‘A name doesn’t discredit any prior accomplishments from any family.’ WWE NXT airs Tuesday nights at 1am on BT Sport 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson’s daughter Simone reveals new look after WWE name change before big debut MORE : WWE star Zelina Vega poses with actual snake in bikini shoot as she hypes up return with Running Up That Hill video 