The British dad who ran off with a Ukrainian refugee after she came to live with him and his partner has said he hopes to marry her. Tony Garnett also says he andSofiia Karkadym plan to have children together after she convinced him to try and reverse a vasectomy he underwent after having two children with ex. The 29-year-old security guard left his former partner Lorna and moved into a rented house in Bradford, West Yorkshire, with Sofiia 10 days after she arrived in the UK from war-torn Ukraine. Speaking to MailOnline, he said: ‘I want to propose to this beautiful lady.’ Sofiia added: ‘We are planning our life together. I want to be a mother. I want to have children. ‘I am a young woman so it can wait a few years and I hope that Tony can have his vasectomy reversed so that we can become a family together.’ Despite only knowing each another for two months, the couple plan visiting Sofiia’s family back in Ukraine so Tony can ask her parents for her hand in marriage. Tony said: ‘I want to say that out of Putin’s evil has come something really good for me and her.’ He said he will formally propose once their situation is more stable, adding: ‘I want to make it special so we’re just going to wait until we have found somewhere proper to live where we can settle.’ Tony described the reaction to their coupling up as ‘mad’, saying: ‘I picked up 5,000 Instagram followers yesterday and she got 7,000 for no reason at all. ‘People are fascinated with us.’ Sofiia said: ‘The news about Tony and me has reached Ukraine and my family called me and said they were very upset and at one stage they said they were never going to talk to me again. ‘But I have explained to them that Tony was not married and that we innocently fell in love and this is a permanent thing. ‘I was upset that my family read the stories that say a Ukrainian girl had gone to Britain and stolen somebody’s husband. ‘I am worried that the Russians will use this as propaganda to try and show the Ukrainians cause trouble wherever they go.’ Tony is now Sofiia’s carer after she developed an eye problem. He said: ‘Sofiia picked up an infection while in Germany and it got really bad when she arrived at Manchester Airport. She had an operation on it a few weeks back. ‘She can only see partially through it at the moment and that’s a bit worrying. But the doctors have said it will take six months for it to heal properly. ‘She has just got a National Insurance number which will help with treatment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.