Two mums were left fuming when their sons were turned away from school for wearing PE kits on the third hottest day the UK has ever seen. Friends Ryley Dingle and Blake Ben-Ayed, both 12, were sent to Blythe Bridge High School in their sportswear, which carries the school badge, in 35°C weather on Monday. But the year seven pupils claim a teacher sent them home and said to come back with trousers on – despite ‘wearing shorts himself’. The school is since said to have apologised for the incident, although no official comment has been made. Ryley’s mum Natasha Moss, 38, says she refuses to send her child into lessons wearing ‘thick black clothing’ amid dangerously hot conditions. She got the idea for him to wear shorts after speaking to other mothers who said their children’s schools were allowing PE kits. ‘The school rang me to say they’d sent Ryley home and told me he could go back in once he’d changed into his shirt and trousers but that he didn’t need to wear a tie or a blazer’, she said. ‘But I told them he wouldn’t be going back in, I refuse to send him into school with thick black trousers on when it’s nearly 40°C outside. ‘It’s absolutely ridiculous that they were sent home from school for wearing a PE kit, especially when there’s only two days left before they break up for the summer holidays.’ Natalie Ford, 37, whose son Blake was left in the same situation, has insisted ’it wasn’t a Stoke City kit or anything like that, it was the proper school PE kit’. She said: ‘When he rang me to tell me that they wouldn’t let him, I rang the school receptionist who told me it was the guidelines that the children had to wear trousers.’ The Blythe Bridge local added: ‘I emailed the head of the school to say that if they marked Blake down as absent then it would be their fault, not his. I sent him to school in appropriate clothing so I really don’t see the big deal.’ Natasha and Natalie say they later received phone calls from the school saying sorry for what happened. The headteacher has reportedly since sent an email to parents backing down on the policy. It read: ‘If students wish to come to school in their PE kit on Tuesday (July 19) then they may do so. ‘Our school will remain open as usual, however, if parents/carers wish their children to remain at home during the extreme weather warning due to individual risk assessment/care plans or due to concerns you have related to health issues please contact the absence line. We will authorise your child’s absence.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Blythe Bridge High School for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.