A new education minister appeared to give the middle finger to anti-Boris Johnson protesters as she entered Downing Street. Andrea Jenkyns was filmed making the gesture with her hand as she walked through the black gates. The MP for Morley and Outwood was appointed to the role of parliamentary under-secretary of state at the Department for Education yesterday. It was part of Johnson’s reshuffle after a mass exodus of ministers from his government forced him to announce his resignation as Tory leader. The footage, shared on social media on Thursday evening, appears to have been taken shortly before Mr Johnson announced he was stepping down, prior to her appointment as a minister. Ms Jenkyns was previously reported to have shouted back at protesters, with eyewitnesses claiming she said: ‘Those who laugh last, laugh loudest. Wait and see!’ In response to the new video, Shadow Education Secretary Bridget Phillipson tweeted: ‘Ministers aren’t expected to be perfect. But is it really too much to ask that they don’t treat the public like this?’ Ms Jenkyns has since admitted she ‘should have shown more composure’ after making the rude gesture to what she described as a ‘baying mob’. She said she stood up for herself after being subject to ‘huge amounts of abuse’ over the years, including two death threats in recent weeks. Admitting she’d reached ‘the end of my tether’, she said: ‘Just why should anyone have to put up with this sort of treatment? ‘I should have shown more composure but am only human.’ Commons Leader Mark Spencer had said it was up to Ms Jenkyns to ‘justify’ her actions after she was caught on camera making the gesture. He told BBC Breakfast: ‘I don’t seek to condone that at all. I mean, Andrea will have to… justify that for herself. ‘But I do understand emotions were running pretty high and they were pretty raw on that day. But I don’t think that was the right thing to do at all.’ Pressed on whether she should retain her ministerial role, he said: ‘That’s not my decision.’ Some who were there said it was a bit of a stretch to call the crowd, which booed behind a barrier, a ‘baying mob’. Ava Santina, political correspondent for Joe.co.uk, tweeted: ‘I was there throughout this – in front of Downing Street gates. ‘The “baying mob” was actually quite a lot of women – one was clutching a photograph of her husband who died from Covid. It wasn’t a baying mob.’ The Guardian’s chief political correspondent, Jessica Elgot, added: ‘I saw this too and the vast majority seemed to me to be people who had turned up out of curiosity, a few people bereaved from Covid who had pictures and a small number of protesters including Steve Bray etc.’ Geoff Barton, General Secretary of the Association of School and College Leaders, appeared to be less than satisfied with Ms Jenkyns’ statement. Without directly referencing the incident, he tweeted: ‘In my 32 years as a teacher, 15 of them as headteacher, I inevitably dealt with moments of poor behaviour and inappropriate conduct – from young people and staff. ‘I have to say, “I’m only human” was never good enough as an excuse from any of them for any of it.’ Ms Jenkyns was one of the MPs to show support for Mr Johnson outside No 10 on Thursday as he announced his resignation. A timetable for the Conservative Party leadership contest is expected to be drawn up next week after the election to the executive of the backbench 1922 Committee. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.