These days, it’s no secret that the modelling industry has a dark side. Just this week, iconic British model Kate Moss spoke out about some of the darker moments in her modelling career – including the time when, at 15 years old, she was asked to stand topless in front of a casting agent. Speaking to Lauren Laverne on BBC Radio 4’s Desert Island Discs, Kate said: ‘He said, “Take your top off”, and I took my top off, and I was really shy then about my body. ‘And he said, “Take your bra off”, and I could feel there was something wrong, so I got my stuff and I ran away.’ Kate’s story isn’t the first of its kind, and it certainly won’t be the last. Just take model and TikToker Madeleine White, 26, who has shared disturbing stories from when she began modelling as a teenager in 2012. The model, who has posed for various magazines over the years, posted a video on TikTok exposing some of the ‘fun’ things modelling agents said to her as a youngster. She claims she was put on a seven-day juice cleanse and the cost was taken out of her pay cheque. Maddie, who was born in the UK but grew up in Los Angeles, California, says she was also told she shouldn’t be eating Shake Shack, ‘let alone posting on Instagram for clients to see’. She adds that she was forced to do 6am Pilates workouts and that her agent would check with her instructor to make sure she turned up. If those things weren’t disturbing enough, she also alleges that, when a photographer asked her to take her clothes off while alone at his home, she was simply told to ‘get used to it’. The video now has more than 2.4million views and attracted comments from the likes of model Lottie Moss, who said: ‘FACTS – I got given a personal trainer when I first started modelling and got told to get to a 23 inch waist’. In another video – where Maddie explains the stories behind old modelling videos – she shares a photograph where she says that a photographer told her that she’d ‘never make it in the industry if I wasn’t willing to take my undies off’. She said this happened when she was by herself in the photographer’s studio apartment, at the ‘ripe old age of 17.’ When asked why she never stopped modelling, Maddie said: ‘The unfortunate reality was at the time the money/travel was so good we all just sucked it up.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : TikTok beautician apologises to Stranger Things star Natalia Dyer after ‘toxic’ video suggesting cosmetic surgery MORE : Instagram is being sued for causing eating disorders in teenagers MORE : Meet the ‘ostrich whisperer’ – who loves to rescue and cuddle the huge birds