Families have come together to grieve 21 teenagers who died in a nightclub tragedy two weeks ago. The young people had visited the Enyobeni Tavern in South Africa’s East London district to celebrate an end to the school year. They had gathered just a matter of days after the country lifted its mask mandate. But 21 teenagers were found dead in the tavern – and mystery still surrounds as to the cause. ‘It smelled like gas,’ survivors of the incident said. Now, more than one thousand friends, family and community members have gathered for the mass funerals of those who died. South African President Cyril Ramaphosa attended and gave a eulogy for those who lost their lives. Coffins were carried into a large tent where the funeral was being held. Two families however opted to have private burials, and the caskets on display were empty according to organisers. A large choir sang emotional hymns in memory of the teenagers as their distraught families watched on. The children are to be buried in various cemeteries later Wednesday and in the coming days, organisers of the funeral service told local reporters. As the tent filled to capacity, many more mourners sat outside. It’s still not known what caused the deaths of the young people, who were aged between 13 and 17. A stampede has been ruled out as the deceased don’t have injuries consistent with such an incident, police previously said. Pathologists are studying the cause of death from blood samples. All were under the age of 18 – which is the legal drinking age in South Africa. Authorities have closed the bar, amid questions of how so many underage teenagers could have gathered in an establishment selling alcohol after midnight on June 26. Earlier this week, police minister Bheki Cele, broke down in tears as he addressed the media on Sunday morning. ‘You have heard the story that they are young, but when you see them, you realize that is a disaster,’ he told reporters. ‘When you look at their faces, you realize that we are dealing with kids.’ Cele told reporters: ‘At first, we were told that this was a stampede, but by the looks of things, there was no stampede that took place. ‘I do not want to speculate on the cause of death; that’s why we brought the top forensic team so that if the cause of death was some poison, they will let us know.’ Community members in East London say there is a well-known problem of underage drinking. While the legal drinking age is 18, it is not routinely enforced. The Daily Dispatch newspaper reported bodies were ‘lying bizarrely as if they collapsed to the floor suddenly while dancing or in the middle of a conversation.’ The newspaper added the bodies had ‘no obvious signs of injury.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.