A two-year-old boy found alone and covered in blood during the Highland Park shooting has been orphaned by the senseless massacre. Aiden McCarthy was lifted from underneath his father during the attack in the affluent Chicago suburb, which has left seven people dead and 46 injured. Strangers took him under their wing, and he was eventually placed in the care of his grandparents, Misha and Nina Levebeg. Yesterday it emerged the boy’s parents, Kevin McCarthy, 37, and Irina McCarthy, 35, were among those killed during the Fourth of July parade. Sine then more than $1,850,000 (£1,500,000) has been raised on a GoFundMe page set up to help Aiden’s family with ‘raising, caring for and supporting’ him. ‘At two years old, Aiden is left in the unthinkable position; to grow up without his parents,’ said the fundraiser’s founder, Irina Colon. ‘Aiden will be cared for by his loving family and he will have a long road ahead to heal, find stability, and ultimately navigate life as an orphan. ‘He is surrounded by a community of friends and extended family that will embrace him with love, and any means available to ensure he has everything he needs as he grows. ‘On behalf of his family, and with their permission, I am establishing this fundraiser to support him and the caregivers who will be tasked with raising, caring for, and supporting Aiden as he and his support system embark on this unexpected journey.’ Irina says the community of North Shore came together to ‘help a boy who we knew nothing about’ and ‘prayed for the safety of his family’. The largest single donation so far was $18,000 made by Will Ackman, while anonymous donors have each pledged sums of $10,000 and $5,000. Aiden was found by Lauren Silva, 38, and her boyfriend after they heard gunshots as they were heading to Walker Bros restaurant for breakfast. Silva told the Daily Beast they came out of a parking garage a few blocks away from the massacre just as the shooting started. She said: ‘We were just opening the door to walk up the stairs and we heard it…boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. It sounded like someone was, like, pounding on the glass doors.’ Silva, along with her boyfriend and his son, began running toward those who were injured. ‘My boyfriend handed me this little boy and said he was underneath this father who was shot in the leg,’ she said. ‘They were trying to stop the bleeding so I brought the boy downstairs into the garage.’ She said Aiden was wearing one shoe and that he sock was covered in blood. Once inside the garage she managed to wash the blood off him and clean his scrapes. Silvia later handed Aiden to a family she was hiding in the garage with, who took him to hospital and later handed him to police. Dana Ruder Ring, who was taking care of Aiden until 8pm local time posted the original photo of the boy to help identify him, Fox 32 Chicago reports. Yesterday evening the death toll for America’s latest mass killing rose to seven, while six of the victims’ identities were revealed. Shooting suspect Robert ‘Bobby’ Crimo III has been charged with seven counts of first-degree murder. The musician, known as ‘Awake the Rapper’ was arrested after a brief chase police chase. He is accused of firing into the crowd from a rooftop about 10 minutes into the Independence Day parade using a high-powered rifle. Investigators say Crimo, 21, planned the attack for weeks, and it has since emerged he was interviewed by police in 2019 after threatening to ‘kill everyone’ in his home. Four of the others who were killed were named as Katherine Goldstein, 64; Jacquelyn Sundheim, 63; Stephen Straus, 88; and Nicolas Toledo-Zaragoza, 78. Every named victim was from Highland Park except for Toledo-Zaragoza, who was visiting family in the city from Morelos, Mexico. Toledo-Zaragoza was killed on what his 23-year-old granddaughter, Xochil Toledo, said was supposed to be a ‘fun family day’. On a GoFundMe page to raise money for Toledo’s funeral expenses, Xochil Toledo said her grandfather was a ‘loving man, creative, adventurous and funny’. She added: ‘As a family we are broken, numb.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.        