Piers Morgan is convinced Cristiano Ronaldo will leave Manchester United after speaking to the striker this week and says he could join a ‘surprising’ club. Morgan says he has had ‘quite a lot of contact’ with Ronaldo in recent days and believes the Portugal legend has already ‘mentally left’ Old Trafford. Earlier this month, Ronaldo informed United that he wanted to leave this summer, but the Premier League club are adamant he is not for sale. When asked for his take on the situation, Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has insisted he is planning to work with Ronaldo throughout the 2022-23 season and claims the five-time Ballon d’Or winner could even extend his stay at the club. But Morgan believes Ronaldo has already played his last game for United and says he could end up at a ‘surprising’ club, with Chelsea already rejecting the chance to sign the 37-year-old. ‘I have had quite a lot of contact with him in the last week,’ Morgan said on talkSPORT. ‘I certainly think it’d be highly unlikely if Cristiano Ronaldo plays another game for Manchester United. ‘I just think mentally he’s moved on. I’m not going to say what we’ve said to each other but like I said from the start I don’t think Cristiano feels Manchester United share his ambitions. ‘I think he feels that the signings they’re making, the commitment they showed last season, where they finished up and a lack of Champions League football… ‘If you’re him and coming towards the end of your career and you still want to win major trophies you’ve got to make a calculation. Am I going to do it if I stay at United? ‘I think he feels the club structure from the top down isn’t right. It’s not a reflection on the new manager [Erik ten Hag], he’s got a lot of respect for him, but it’s just an accurate reflection of where United are right now. ‘It’s for him to say what he feels but if you’re asking me then I don’t think he’s going to stay at Manchester United. I think he could end up somewhere quite surprising.’ Ronaldo secured a sensational return to Old Trafford last summer and largely impressed during the 2021-22 season, scoring 24 goals in 38 appearances in all competitions. While Chelsea won’t be signing Ronaldo this summer, a number of big clubs could still express interest in securing the services of one of the greatest players in history. Morgan, who supports Arsenal, added: ‘Arsenal fans listening should know I’m doing everything in my power to try and persuade him to come to Arsenal. ‘And bearing in mind he was close to coming to Arsenal as an 18-year-old, he was about to sign under Arsene Wenger, and at the last minute he blitzed United in a friendly for Sporting Lisbon and Ferguson didn’t leave that game until he signed him. ‘I believe he’d be coming home! Ronaldo up front with Gabriel Jesus and Eddie Nketiah would be a fantastic forward line for us, so why not?’ MORE : Mikel Arteta urged to sign Chelsea star for Arsenal ‘straight away’ MORE : Chelsea agree £55m deal with Sevilla to sign Jules Kounde For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 