Wimbledon can only mean one thing – keeping a close eye on whatever new it couple is packing on the PDA in the stands (and enjoying a bit of tennis, we guess). This time round, it’s Alexa Chung and Tom Sturridge, who clearly only had eyes for each other – as they shared a kiss while sat inches away from Tom’s ex, Sienna Miller. One incredible snap shows the pair locking lips, while Sienna, 40, is framed smack bang in the middle of them, focusing very much on the tennis. However, what could have been an incredibly awkward situation seemed to be laughed off by all parties – with Sienna and her boyfriend Oli Green, 25, even snapping a selfie with Alexa, 38, and Tom, 36. The four of them were also seen chatting and enjoying drinks together. Sienna didn’t hold back either, packing on the PDA with her boyfriend Oli. The couple couldn’t keep their hands off each other in the crowd, looking smitten as they shared kisses in the stands. Meanwhile, she seemed to get very into what seemed like a tense match, throwing her arms in the air at one point and covering her face with her hands. We feel you Sienna! Tom and Sienna broke up in 2015 after four years together, and share their nine-year-old daughter Marlowe. Since their split, the pair have proven they’re still super friendly, and are absolutely smashing co-parenting, enjoying a sweet family trip to Rome together in 2019. Sienna was first spotted with Oli in February of this year, sparking speculation of a possible romance. They appeared to confirm their relationship when they left the Baftas together soon after, and have been inseparable ever since. Oli started his career as a model, becoming the face of a Burberry campaign in 2018 and also modelling for high street retailer GAP. He’s also embarked on an acting career, appearing in US soap The Bold And The Beautiful and in the Apple TV+ series The Mosquito Coast, alongside Justin Theroux. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Wimbledon 2022: Sienna Miller can’t keep hands off boyfriend Oli Green as they lead stars at centre court MORE : Kit Harington gets his festival gear on after Game of Thrones spin-off news – with Princess Beatrice, Laura Whitmore and Sienna Miller also ready for fun weekend 