Nadhim Zahawi has been appointed the new Chancellor of the Exchequer after Rishi Sunak resigned this evening. He was promoted amid a leadership crisis after serving as Education Secretary in the cabinet since September 2021, with Universities Minister Michelle Donelan replacing him in his previous role. Boris Johnson had to act fast to find replacements for two of the biggest roles in cabinet after Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid announced they had quit within minutes of each other this evening. It comes amid anger that the prime minister had promoted deputy chief whip Chris Pincher to government roles despite knowing of concerns he had previously acted inappropriately. Mr Pincher resigned five days ago over allegations he groped two men at a private members’ club. Nadhim Zahawi got his first big government role in November 2020 when he was made vaccines minister and helped lead the coronavirus pandemic vaccine roll-out. He will now take on one of the biggest jobs in Government serving amid the worst cost of living crisis in a generation, at the same time as many MPs are withdrawing support for the prime minister. Many had been waiting for news after Mr Zahawi was seen heading into Downing Street this evening, unsure whether he would resign or emerge with a new job. Since his appointment, Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves has already accused him of acting in his own interest. The Labour MP tweeted tonight that the Cabinet and Tory MPs were propping up a ‘failing Prime Minister’. She said: ‘Our country and our economy needs leaders that will act in our best interests. ‘It’s clear that the Prime Minister and Chancellor are only acting in theirs.’ One of Mr Zahawi’s first big challenges will be putting together a crucial autumn Budget as inflation bites. Money saving expert Martin Lewis warned that the new chancellor faces a tough gig. He wrote: ‘We’ve a cost of living crisis of a scale not seen for nearly 50 years. ‘Energy bills will rise to £3,000 in October. Food, mortgages, rents, transport & petrol prices are exploding. ‘The Bank of England today warned economic outlook’s deteriorated materially.’ After Mr Zahawi was announced, Mr Lewis continued: ‘He has a very tough job to do – assuming the Johnson government lasts. ‘If it does, I wish him the best, the country needs excellence in government right now. We must hope he proves to have the talent, ability, dedication & integrity to deliver.’ Born in Iraq to a Kurdish family, Mr Zahawi came to the UK as a nine-year-old when his parents fled the regime of Saddam Hussein. Believed to be one of the richest politicians in the House of Commons, he helped found polling company YouGov after studying chemical engineering at University College London. He has often said that his own personal backstory has deeply influenced his view of Britain and he recently spoke of the debt he owed poet Philip Larkin as he improved his English as a teenager. Seen as a ‘safe pair of hands’, he came to the Education Secretary role following the sacking of Gavin Williamson, who had become deeply unpopular with the public over the exams fiasco during the Covid-19 pandemic. Also tonight, Mr Johnson appointed Steve Barclay as his new health secretary, replacing Sajid Javid. He previously served as chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and chief of staff for Downing Street. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.