Wimbledon has been given a Marvel makeover for its final day, with the likes of Tom Hiddleston, Taika Waititi, and Matt Smith joining the star-studded arrivals, alongside British acting royalty like Kate Winslet and Andrew Garfield. Celebs came out in their droves to enjoy the final of the iconic tennis tournament in the scorching sunshine, as Serbia’s Novak Djokovic took on Australia’s Nick Kyrgios for a predictably eventful match. Marvel star Tom is currently filming Loki season two, and made sure to channel the mischievous god with his jet black hair and sharp suit, accessorising with sunnies. Taika Waititi, who directed the new Marvel flick Thor: Love and Thunder, could also be seen taking a well-earned break amid the film’s opening week, attending with his rumoured fiancee, Rita Ora. Taika played it simple in a white shirt and trousers, with Rita rocking a stunning patterned dress. Also from the Marvel crew was Morbius star Matt, who looked totally cool for the summer in a linen look, with his long hair swept back. Kate also looked stunning as she rocked a blue and white floral dress, while Spider-Man star Andrew was spotted grinning away in the stands. Tom Cruise, who has been making the most of summer in the UK with his trip to Silverstone for his 60th birthday, as well as rocking up to Wimbledon, made another appearance in the Royal Box, suiting up for the occasion. Also making another appearance was Sir Cliff Richard, who also donned a sharp suit with a red rose in his lapel and looked over the moon to spend the afternoon at Wimbledon in the sun. Among the other celebs to join the onlookers were Jason Statham and his fiancee Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Poppy Delevingne. The sharply-dressed celebs joined Prince William and Kate Middleton, alongside their son, Prince George, who also wore his Sunday best on his first-ever visit to a Grand Slam tournament. The three royals greeted ball boys and girls and other Wimbledon staff in the Millennium building before crossing the bridge to take their places in the royal box this afternoon. The Duchess of Cambridge is expected to present the trophy to the winner, as the tournament finishes for another year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Costeen Hatzi cheers on boyfriend Nick Kyrgios as tennis player takes on Novak Djokovic in Wimbledon final MORE : Serena Williams shares adorable high tea with daughter Olympia, 4, as they take in London sights after shock Wimbledon exit 