Vicky Pattison held back the tears as she told TV viewers about her new documentary Vicky Pattison: My Dad, Alcohol, and Me. The Geordie Shore star, 34, appeared on The One Show tonight and gave a revealing interview in which she discussed her relationship with alcohol and her dad, as well her dad’s own struggles with addiction. She told hosts Alex Scott and Ronan Keating about how making the documentary was a tough but positive process to go through. ‘I think when you’re opening up and being really vulnerable, you have to be in a really strong place mentally, and over the years I haven’t been’, she said. She continued: ‘I’ve had my own demons, a complicated relationship with alcohol – [I didn’t have] a very grounded personal life.’ When asked about her relationship with her dad, Vicky continued to be honest and was comforted by fellow guest Carol Kirkwood as she held back tears. ‘I’m 35 this year. That was exactly when my dad started to lose his battle with his addiction. I was terrified,’ she admitted. ‘I couldn’t get it out of my mind that this year it was all going to unravel, no matter how I tried – no matter how many yoga retreats or sober Octobers I did, I was going to end up the same.’ She battled through her emotions, however, and said that her support system and the lessons she’s learned will keep her going. ‘Now [I’ve got] a lovely fella, a great dog, a great support system. It felt like I was strong enough to talk about these things.’ She added: ‘I have one thing on my side. I have an awareness of what could happen. I do want a life filled with different things.’ During her appearance, a clip from the Channel 4 documentary was shown, during which Vicky asked her mum how it felt to see her drinking on Geordie Shore. When The One Show returned to Vicky, she said that it hadn’t been easy to have those kinds of conversations with her family. She explained: ‘I don’t think it’s ever easy to have seriously open conversations, that are going to be potentially difficult, with the people that you love. Having to give my dad tough love was really difficult.’ She continued: ‘[My dad] had a hard enough live as it is – he doesn’t need me giving him a hard time about [alcohol]. But I’ve learned, sometimes tough love is the only way.’ The One Show airs weeknights at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vicky Pattison feared she would ‘go the same way’ as her father and become an alcoholic MORE : Vicky Pattison breaks down in tears revealing her dog was among those in dog walker’s van when it was stolen