A ‘brazen’ sex attacker has been convicted of spiking two men with an ‘aphrodisiac’ drug to stupefy them – amid fears more victims have yet to come forward. Luiz Da Silva Neto, 35, raped one man and sexually assaulted another at a cottage in Middle Barton, Oxfordshire, after meeting them at Raffles nightclub in central London. Both victims woke up naked and unaware of what had happened during separate attacks in November and December last year. Da Silva Neto targeted heterosexual men because he believed they would be less likely to report him, police said. He laced their drinks with an unknown substance likely to be date-rape drugs GHB or GBL which had ‘euphoric and hallucinogenic’ effects. The first victim told how he fell asleep fully clothed but woke up to find himself naked with the sensation that he was ‘paralysed’. He described feeling ‘broken in two’ the following morning and after seeing an empty syringe, became ‘convinced he had been drugged’. He said: ‘This the worst experience I’ve ever survived or lived through. I’m heterosexual, I’m Catholic, and… it’s something I need to digest.’ And he branded Da Silva Neto a ‘danger to society’ who belongs in prison. The second felt ‘confused, distressed and upset’ after his ordeal. He had been reported missing and could not account for the hours ‘between leaving the bar and waking up in bed’. Da Silva Neto claimed all sexual contact with the men was consensual and denied drugging anyone. A jury at Oxford Crown Court found him guilty of rape, two counts of administering a substance with intent and two counts of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent. He will be sentenced at the court next Thursday. Now Thames Valley Police has urged anyone who thinks they could have been attacked by Da Silva Neto or another perpetrator to come forward. Senior investigating officer Inspector James Holden-White said: ‘When we look at the method of offending in this case, the ‘MO’ as we would call it, it seems very brazen, it seems very polished and quite accomplished, he knows what he is doing. He added: ‘If you think you are a victim of Luiz Da Silva Neto, or if you think you are a victim of similar offending by somebody else, please come forward, we will listen to you.’ Police say Da Silva Neto’s crimes have parallels with the attacks committed by the UK’s most prolific rapist, Reynhard Sinaga, who was jailed in 2020. Inspector Holden-White stressed these offences are unusual and rare. But he urged people in nightclubs and bars to remain vigilant, stay close to friends, and use night-time services such as social workers and police officers if they feel in danger.