It’s safe to say that the past few weeks have seen setbacks for many across the world. From FINA, the world’s swimming governing body, effectively banning trans women competing in the sport, to Roe v Wade being overturned and abortion rights in the US being taken away, to a deadly shooting in one of the oldest LGBTQ+ clubs in Oslo in Norway. That particular shooting – which happened in supposedly one of the safest countries for LGBTQ+ people in the world – should be a chilling wake up call for us all. Never has it seemed more important to stick together and find solidarity with our joint struggles. While these events might seem disconnected, we have to be able to look at the bigger picture of what’s been happening in the past few years. All around the world, human rights have been constricted or taken away entirely – and the movement partly behind it is a well-established one that’s known as the anti-gender movement. We’ve seen this with trans rights being stripped away in Hungary, to ‘LGBT-free zones’ and a near-total ban on abortions in Poland, to an increase in hate crimes against LGBTQ+ people in the UK In the UK, we have seen an increase in so-called gender critical views, which have dominated discussions around trans rights for the past few years. According to ILGA-Europe, anti-trans rhetoric warns that ‘self-determination for trans people will lead to harming minors’. Another common idea from this movement is that sex and gender should only be seen in a biological sense, rather than a combination of different factors. Many gender critical voices advocate for the legal rights and protections around trans rights to be overturned. This is particularly worrying as some have held events with members of the Conservatives, and the LGB Alliance was allowed a stall at the party’s Conference last year. As we have seen in recent times, this is a party who have opposed LGBT+ rights, with 69% of ComRes poll respondents admitting in 2018 that they are against trans people’s rights to self-identify. This, on top of the Government’s decision not to protect trans people from conversion therapy, and MPs like Nick Fletcher telling parents to ‘push back’ if their child speaks about being non-binary. And the situation is no better across the world. The very same forces on the far-right that actively advocate against access to safe abortion are also advocating against LGBTQ+ rights, and have introduced over 200 anti-LGBTQ+ bills in the US, with a portion of them targeting trans people specifically. A recent public hearing hosted by the Special Committee on Foreign Interference in all Democratic Processes in the European Union reported that significant amounts of money financing the ‘anti-gender’ movement in Europe is flowing from private individuals and foundations in the US and the Russian Federation. This shouldn’t surprise anyone, as Russia and their leaders have long since been known for their anti-LGBTQ+ views, with President Vladimir Putin recently ranting that teachings about gender fluidity are on the ‘verge of a crime against humanity’. It’s therefore more obvious to me than ever that the push against human rights reforms in general are a part of a larger movement – and that we must all stand together in solidarity against discourse that aims to limit people’s civil rights and liberties. It all starts somewhere, and it all leads to the same place – erosion of human rights, civil liberties and freedom of expression. The moment we accept that it’s acceptable to strip away certain minority rights – such as trans rights – we have already opened the door to further restricting human rights. As many have pointed out, the overturning of Roe v Wade ruling sets a dangerous precedent that could lead to other hard-won rights to be repealed, such as equal marriage, access to contraceptives and even interracial marriage. In my mind, these restrictions are a threat to our democracy and freedom, as it limits people from being able to live their lives to the fullest – whether it’s your right to safe abortions, to legal gender recognition, participation in sport, or being able to walk safely down the street without harassment and violence. Never have things such as Pride, BLM and feminist solidarity been more important – to continue raising awareness of how we are not all equal, and how our rights are still under threat. At the moment, I feel that we are in the midst of a powerful human rights backlash, and we have to stand up for each other now, before it’s too late. The divisive and reductive arguments that seek to limit our freedom must be fought against at every turn. Now is the time to come together in solidarity and fight for a future that doesn’t reduce us down to our bodies alone – but a future where we all have bodily autonomy and the freedom to express ourselves and live without persecution. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : The cast of Heartstopper taking on homophobes at Pride left me in awe of LGBT+ youth MORE : Friends creator deeply regrets misgendering Chandler Bing’s trans parent: ‘That was a mistake’ MORE : The LGBTQ+ club scene is in crisis – can anything be done to save it?