A mother-of-five has died after suddenly collapsing on the side of the road while on the school run. Donna Taylor, 38, was suffering with pain in her head when she fell on the morning of June 27, in Sowerby Bridge, West Yorkshire. An ambulance was called to the scene, where paramedics spent an hour trying to save her life. She was then taken to hospital, where she was declared clinically brain dead, and the following day her life support machine was switched off. Donna’s children, Oliver, 14, Dakota, 12, Ella, five, and Nevaeh, one, are now being looked after by their dad. She also had another son, Josh, who died when he was just three. Donna was devoted to her children, rarely putting herself first, her family said. ‘Never saw her without her kids, her kids were her whole life, she never did anything for herself,’ cousin Kealy Smith said. ‘As long as the kids were happy and looked after she was happy. Kealy continued: ‘She was literally just walking her daughter to school and said she got a pain in her head and she ending up collapsing, an ambulance was rung and they were working on her for about an hour at the side of the road. ‘I think everyone was just in shock. How can you go from taking your daughter to school to being gone?’ Donna was loved in the local area and always stopped to talk to people, many of whom lay flowers at the scene where she collapsed. One message read: ‘Thank you for always speaking to us when we first moved to the area. ‘You were the first on the school run, twice a day, to say hello and chat. Sending love and strength to all your family. You will never be forgotten.’ Donna’s family have set up a fundraising page to collect money for the cost of the funeral, with the excess going to the children. Her cousin said: ‘They didn’t have much as a family and with her being so young, nothing had been put in place to deal with it. ‘You don’t think of putting together a funeral at 38, so it’s to help with that and anything left over will go to the kids. ‘It’s been fantastic the response. She spoke to anyone, everyone knew her, everyone is saying the same thing. She was so welcoming, everyone is just in shock.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.