Roast beef has become somewhat of a staple on the school menu over the years. But with the cost of living crisis not stopping any time soon, the popular dish is set to be replaced by gammon on the dinner plates. Christmas could also come early for some British kids as caterers swap roast chicken for turkey, with plans to import foreign meat and switch up fruit and veg. According to Laca, the school caterers’ association for England and Wales, meat quality will be at risk if it’s shipped from abroad. They added schools are at ‘breaking point’ amid a surge in price rises and supply chain issues. One example of a school switching from its traditional roast beef every Thursday to the cheaper alternative of gammon is Laira Green Primary School in Plymouth. While chicken is still on the menu, it is served less often and is slowly being replaced with turkey. The school is one of 70 in the city served by the same catering company, which is adapting its menus in response to the rises, the BBC reports. In a survey of 160 catering companies, more than 60 said they plan to switch from British meat to cheaper foreign meat, or are planning to do so in the future. Headteacher Bernadette Kennedy said she is pleased the school still offers a ‘healthy roast meal’ but said: ‘Some children stopped having roast dinner, and when we asked them why, they said they really liked the roast beef and Yorkshire pudding.’ According to the Retail Price Index (RPI) for food bought by shoppers, the average price of a roasting joint of beef has risen by 9.8% to £11.34 over the year to April, while chicken had risen by 10.4% to £3 a kilo. But catering firms say prices are actually rising by as much as 20% to 30%, with price changes happening weekly. It’s not just meat being impacted by the rises as the price of 10kg of prepared potatoes has increased from £10.46 to £15.50. The cost of minced beef also jumped by 11% overnight in recent days. Laca members said it is being fuelled by the after-effects of Covid, the war in Ukraine and increasing fuel costs. Brad Pearce, national Laca vice-chairman, said: ‘The costs that are coming forward make it impossible for us to continue, unless some very difficult choices are made. ‘That’s something that we don’t want to do, but in order to keep food on the plate we have to look at all options.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.