Selling Sunset star Heather Rae El Moussa has announced she’s pregnant, as she and her husband Tarek El Moussa celebrate their upcoming new arrival. The reality star and real estate agent has been open with her millions of social media followers for months about her desire to have a baby, opening up about her fertility journey. The 34-year-old has now confirmed her pregnancy, sharing a post on Instagram  showing pictures of her, her husband and her stepchildren having fun on the beach. Heather and Tarek, 40 – who’s best-known for co-hosting TV show Flip or Flop – first started dating in 2019, tying the knot in October last year. In her post shared on Instagram, Heather wrote: ‘Surprise!!! Baby El Moussa coming early 2023!’ Her friends have rushed to share messages of congratulations, including fellow Selling Sunset star Chrishell Stause who commented: ‘SO SO SO happy for youuuuu. Lucky little one to have you.’ ‘Omg!!! Congratulations beautiful!!!’ said Geordie Shore’s Vicky Pattison, while Selling Sunset newcomer Chelsea Lazkani added: ‘Aaaaaaaaaaahhhh 🥺 congratulations to the best, most caring and loving mommy. Love you guys.’ In January this year, Heather revealed she had a ‘great’ update to share on her fertility journey, stating on Instagram that after expecting to only have two eggs during the retrieval procedure, they managed to obtain seven, six of which were ‘good’. ‘I’ve had a few low moments throughout this journey but I’ve tried to stay as positive as possible and it shows that the body is incredible and can do wonders,’ she said at the time. ‘Going into this having sad moments that my body wasn’t creating enough healthy follicles and to come out of this with great news!’ She also shared a tribute to her husband, writing: ‘I also want to thank my amazing hubby for being there for me at all times and being my rock. He truly is my dream come true and I’m just so excited for what’s to come for our family.’ Tarek was previously married to his Flip or Flop co-host Christina Haack, with their marriage lasting from 2009 to 2018. Tarek and Christina share two children together: a daughter, Taylor, born in 2010 and a son, Brayden, born in 2015. Selling Sunset is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selling Sunset’s Jason Oppenheim never wants to be in a relationship following ’emotional’ Chrishell Stause split MORE : Selling Sunset star Mary Fitzgerald ‘knows nothing’ about Christine Quinn’s new company after former colleague quit Oppenheim Group 