A woman who describes herself as a professional ‘stay-at-home daughter’ says spending her parents’ money is more like a full-time job. Roma Abdesselam is a TikTok star and recently shocked her fans with a recent clip that documented how much she spends on her page @therealsahd. The influencer is no stranger to sharing her extravagant life as she often gives viewers a glimpse at her expensive jewellery and designer clothes. She recently said that she’d spent more than £41,000 ($50,000) in just one day – by buying goods from Gucci, Dior, Chanel and Prada. From New York, Roma says that she has turned spending her parents’ money ‘into a job’ that’s been ‘very, very fun’ for her. ‘Every day I wake up in the morning, have breakfast, go to a workout class and go shopping with my girlfriends at Bergdorf’s – and that’s my life being unemployed,’ she recently told the New York Post. ‘Some days I spend £41,000 ($50,000). I often get tricked by sales associates who’ll say something like, “Oh, this is the last Chanel exotic.” And I’m like, “Oh my god, I have to have all these exotics. I need them.”‘ Roma will not divulge what her parents do for work but said that they have cut her off for lavish overspending before. However, the block never lasts for long. In another clip shared to TikTok, Roma shared what a normal day looks like when she gets her eyebrows done. ‘I had to spend $600 on new eyebrows,’ she says in the video. ‘After getting my eyebrows done I went to a bar to get drunk before I went shopping.’ Meanwhile, in another video she showed off a series of receipts, which include £1,838 ($2,221) for clothes, £2,295 ($2,774.28) for lingerie, and £1,873 ($2,264.81) for more designer gear. Before the pandemic, Roma said that she planned to launch a beauty business – but for the past two years she’s been completely unemployed. She now posts regularly on TikTok and has quite the following there with her number of fans growing by the day. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Who has the most followers on TikTok and how do people make money on it? MORE : The best places to go shopping in Paris MORE : Mum wipes £40,000 of debt with yellow sticker shopping and savvy saving