Tory MPs feel ‘very sorry’ for disgraced Chris Pincher and believe he is a ‘victim in his own way’, a colleague has said. The former deputy whip was suspended from the Conservative party last week after allegedly groping two men in a private members club. Other allegations about ‘inappropriate behaviour’ have since emerged, leading to accusations of a ‘cover up’ in No 10. Tory MP Michael Fabricant was asked about the damage the Pincher affair has had on the party, which is already facing accusations of sleaze amid a string of sexual misconduct scandals. Mr Fabricant said ‘nothing is black and white’ and that his colleague’s actions were influenced by working long hours and alcohol. He told Radio 5 Live: ‘On the one hand, of course, we’re all very sorry for people who’ve been affected by Chris’s action’s but we also quite frankly feel very sorry for Chris in many ways. ‘This is being driven most of the time, it seems by drink, and I know now that he’s actually sought and is already in contact with the clinical psychiatrists regarding regarding treatment.’ When it was suggested to Mr Fabricant that drinking alcohol was not an excuse for his colleague’s behaviour, he replied: ‘Of course not, but it’s an explanation. And, you know, that’s why many of us do feel that Chris, sadly, you know, is also in his own way, a victim.’ After describing Mr Pincher as a ‘victim’, he went on to question whether this was an appropriate term for people who have made allegations about the Tamworth MP. He said that the word ‘victim’ ‘always seems very extreme word to use’ in cases such as Mr Pincher’s, and later said he was using the world ‘in inverted commas’ with regards to the MP’s accusers. As well as the groping allegations, it has emerged that an official complaint of ‘inappropriate behaviour’ was made about Mr Pincher when he was a minister for the Foreign Office in 2019, and that Boris Johnson was briefed about it before appointing him as deputy chief whip. No10 has been accused of lying after initially saying the PM was not aware of any previous claims about Mr Pincher’s conduct before making the appointment. The complaint led to a disciplinary process which confirmed his misconduct. But Mr Fabricant cast doubt on the allegations, saying it ‘wasn’t so serious to warrant disciplinary action and the person who made the claim didn’t want to take it further’. He also tried to suggest that Mr Pincher’s behaviour was down to the long hours of the job ‘which make it hard to have a family life’. When asked if there was a problem with the culture in Parliament, he said: ‘I think there is a cultural problem.. but it’s not just in Westminster, there has been similar incidents of this kind in the US Capitol and other places.’ He added: ‘I think it’s because of the long hours, we can’t make it a 9-5 job… Time and time again you will hear women and other people say, “we can’t have a proper family life”.’ The Pincher scandal escalated this morning after a former civil servant released a bombshell statement accusing No 10 of lying. On Monday, Downing Street said the prime minister was not aware of specific allegations before Mr Pincher was made deputy chief whip in February. Hours later, a spokesperson admitted he was ‘aware’ of accusations but insisted it would have been ‘not appropriate’ for him to step in as they were ‘either resolved or did not progress to a formal complaint’. However, Lord McDonald, who was head of the foreign office at the time Mr Pincher was subject to a formal complaint, said it was ‘not true’ that Mr Johnson was not aware of this and that allegations ‘were resolved only in the sense that the investigation was completed’. He added:  ‘Mr Pincher was not exonerated. To characterise the allegations as ‘unsubstantiated’ is therefore wrong.’ A cabinet office minister has now claimed Boris Johnson was told about the complaint but ‘forgot about it’. Mr Pincher, who quit as a whip but is yet to resign his seat in the Commons, said he ‘drank far too much’ and ’embarrassed myself and other people’ by his actions. The allegations against Pincher following a string of sexual misconduct scandals involving Tory MPs in recent months. These include Ihmad Khan, who was jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage boy, and Neil parish, who quit after he was caught watching porn in the House of Commons. An unnamed Tory MP was also last month arrested on suspicion of rape and other sexual offences, while Tory MP Rob Roberts had the whip suspended after an independent investigation found that he sexually harassed a junior member of staff. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.