When it comes to sun holidays, destinations like Spain, Portugal, and Greece tend to be the first ports of call for us Brits. However, more and more people are choosing to try somewhere new, with Croatia becoming a hotspot for UK tourists. The country recently featured in the BBC adaptation of the Sally Rooney book Conversations With Friends, and Skyscanner has seen a 72% increase in monthly bookings to Croatia since the start of the year. While Split and Hvar are the most popular locations, this Balkan nation has plenty more to discover – Pag Island being one of them. Situated off the coast of the mainland in the Adriatic sea, Pag has the longest coastline of Croatia’s islands. Despite its small size, coming in at 60km in length, it’s the perfect spot for party holidays, relaxing beach breaks, and culture-packed trips alike. The island’s two main towns, Pag and Novalja, provide different atmospheres for different travellers, with everything from historic architecture to world-famous nightclubs. It’s easy to get to Pag Island as it’s connected to the mainline by a bridge, although regular ferry crossings are also available if you’d prefer. Leaving, however, will likely be more difficult once you’ve taken in the region’s breathtaking scenery. If you’re thinking of giving it a go, here are some must-try attractions and events, whether you’re there for a knees-up or a chill-out. Hideout was one of the first festivals to arrive in Croatia over a decade ago, and dance music fans from across the world flock to Pag each July for the occasion. Acts are spread across Zcre Beach’s famous open air clubs, allowing you to take a dip in the stunning waters and enjoy the scenery while dancing to sets from stars of the house, techno, disco, and bass scenes. This year’s 10th anniversary special featured a sunset boat party hosted by Bad Boy Chiller Crew and Mike Skinner, as well as performances from Shy FX, Sonny Fodera, and Meg Ward b2b Emily Nash. You won’t be disappointed by the local nightlife here throughout the summer months, but if you can time your visit to coincide with Hideout you’re guaranteed a real party. Find out more about Hideout Festival here. It’d be remiss to visit Pag and not make the most of the coastline – and that doesn’t just mean sunbathing. Just off Zrce Beach is Wakepark Cable Pag, offering adventurers the chance to level up their surfing and wakeboarding via a 600m-long ski lift. Enjoy the views and grab a drink on the terrace, before taking on the waves and ramps as the cable pulls you along. Find out more on the Wakepark Cable Pag website. Some might say that restaurants don’t count as ‘things to do’, but Boškinac is an essential visit if you’re in Pag. The Michelin-starred spot is located just outside of Novalja, serving up local specialities, such as the island’s famous lamb, wild herbs, and scampi fished in the island’s waters. It’s the setting that sets it apart, though. The Michelin Guide calls the terrace dining area ‘bucolic’, adding that it’s ‘surrounded by greenery in a verdant, romantic and idyllic setting.’ Famed foodie Anthony Bourdain visited in 2012, saying: ‘This is world class food, this is world class wine, this is world class cheese. If you haven’t been here yet, you are a f****** idiot.’ The highest of praise. Find out more on the Boškinac website. Continuing on the foodie theme, that world class cheese that Bourdain loved is one of Pag’s proudest exports. Get to know the local culture with a trip to Sirana Gligora, an award-winning dairy based in Kolan. You can tour the dairy and find out about the manufacturing process – but most importantly, sample the finished product. Find out more on the Sirana Gligora website. A walk around Pag Town is great for sightseeing, with 15th century churches and a Benedictine Monastery that’ll delight history buffs. However, if you want a more structured activity that’s targeted to tourists, a visit to Novalja’s City Museum is worth your while. Collections feature ethnographic and archeological finds from the area, and the museum is beside the entrance to an Ancient Roman aqueduct which you can also visit. Find out more on the museum’s website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Our mental health is worse now than at the height of the pandemic – here’s how to prioritise it MORE : Meet the dad who drives a tank to the supermarket for his weekly shop