A major incident has been declared in Surrey after a wildfire broke out at a nature reserve. People around the Hankley Common area, near Elstead, took to social media to report plumes of smoke being visible from miles away. Videos also appeared to show tinder-box-dry grassland on fire, with wind spreading the flames. Surrey Fire and Rescue Service estimated that the fire is affecting at least eight hectares of land. Crews are set to remain at the scene until at least Monday. It explained in a tweet: ‘We have declared a major incident at Hankley Common due to a large fire in the open. ‘We have several fire engines in attendance. ‘There is a great deal of smoke so please avoid the area, windows and doors should be closed if nearby and pets kept indoors. ‘ By 6.40pm, the major incident status would stood down – but people are still being urged to avoid the area and take care not to accidentally start fires. The service continued: ‘Please avoid the area to allow our crews to work. ‘Stay out of the smoke and far away from the fire as it can travel quickly.’ The beauty spot was used for part of the filming of the James Bond film Skyfall. But in recent days this blaze is only the latest fire to break out at there and across the country. Various major incidents have been declared in the last week, following record-breaking 40°C heat and limited rainfall, which experts say has been made more likely by the climate crisis. Hankley Common is a roughly 1,400-acre nature reserve also been used as a filming location. Surrey Police added: ‘We’re currently assisting our (Surrey Fire and Rescue Service) colleagues with a large #fire in #Elstead which broke out on the common this afternoon. ‘Thursley Road is currently closed and we are asking people to stay away from the area while we deal with the incident.’ The cause of the blaze is as yet unknown. Flying instructor Jordan Bridge said the blaze was one of the largest he has seen in the area. The 24-year-old, from Alton, Hampshire, said that at around lunchtime he saw ‘huge smoke clouds building to the east of Lasham Airfield’ where he works. Mr Bridge explained: ‘After take-off I could see that the fire was covering a wide area with the smoke extending downwind over Guildford and Woking towards London. ‘Obviously (I was) concerned for all involved in the local area given the already stretched resources of local fire services. ‘I have seen wildfires before whilst flying but this was certainly one of the largest I’ve seen in the many years I’ve been in Surrey/Hampshire.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Farmer ploughs crops metres from wildfire in heroic bid to save houses