Robert Downey Jr. is reportedly financially supporting embattled actor Armie Hammer as he deals with the fallout from his blacklisting in Hollywood. Hammer’s crisis kicked off last year, when he was accused of emotional abuse, violence and sexual assault by multiple women, which he denies. He also is said to be dealing with an ongoing battle with drug addiction. Iron Man star Downey, who himself has famously struggled with substance abuse and a series of scandals, which threatened to end his career in the 1990’s, is said to have stepped in to ‘steer’ the troubled actor towards rehab and pay for his lengthy stint there. He also has provided finacial ‘aftercare’ as the actor is allegedly facing money issues. ‘Everyone looks at Armie thinking that he’s had some sort of privileged life and that must mean there were no problems in his youth and everything was peachy keen,’ a close friend of the actor told Vanity Fair. ‘But that’s not necessarily the way things go. Just because you come from an upbringing where financial resources are plentiful doesn’t mean life isn’t without problems.’ According to the publication, Downey paid what is likely to be a hefty sum for the Call Me By Your Name actor to spend nearly six months in treatment centre Guest House, which sits on a secluded 52-acre estate in the exclusive Silver Springs area in Florida. The facility caters to clients who have ‘high-stress or high-visibility lifestyles such as business executives, politicians and entertainment professionals,’ according to the facility’s website. It’s not known how well the two stars were acquainted before Hammer’s downfall. However, Downey has in the past also offered similar help to Mel Gibson when his career tanked due to scandal. Hammer’s promising career went into freefall in 2021 when multiple women accused him of emotional and sexual abuse, including rape. He denied the allegations which led to a police investigation, which has since concluded with no charges pressed. The Downey claims come after Hammer, 35 – who completed rehab in December – was spotted in what was said to be his new job – selling timeshare holidays to tourists from an office in the Cayman Islands. Desus & Mero producer Muna Mire took to Twitter to post a photo of a pamphlet for the family-owned vacation club Morritt’s Resort that featured a snapshot of Hammer and identified him as a ‘personal concierge’ to incoming guests. ‘My friends’ parents went on vacation in the Cayman Islands and Armie Hammer was their concierge. I’m still not over it,’ he wrote in the since deleted tweet. Since then, both TMZ and Variety have reported that the actor was working as a timeshare salesman. ‘He is working at the resort and selling timeshares. He is working at a cubicle,’ a source told Variety. ‘The reality is he’s totally broke, and is trying to fill the days and earn money to support his family.’ Despite Hammer’s team previously slamming the claims as untrue and ‘a prank’, his lawyer told Vanity Fair on Wednesday, ‘I can’t confirm or deny the report because Armie hasn’t addressed it. ‘I just think it’s s****y that, if he is selling timeshares, the media is shaming him for having a “normal job”.’ The star has since flown out of Cayman with his still supportive ex wife Elizabeth Chambers and their two young children to Los Angeles to escape the scrutiny. He’s said to be staying at a home owned by Downey and has attended an A.A. meeting in Malibu, according to the source. Along with providing temporary refuge, Downey has also been providing the star financial assistance. Reps for Armie Hammer have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Joan Collins already back in six-inch heels after being airlifted to hospital for ‘most painful’ pinched nerve MORE : Katie Piper on her new love of upcycling treasures for her family – and her tips on getting started 