A woman was followed into a McDonald’s car park and sexually assaulted in a ‘terrifying attack’ on her way home from a night out. Police have released an E-fit of the suspect they are hunting, who is described as Asian and aged in his mid to late 30s. They say the woman, 24, was walking through the car park of the closed McDonald’s in Silvertown Way, Canning Town when she was ‘approached by an unknown man’. He then sexually assaulted her, before the victim screamed for the attention of her friend nearby, London’s Metropolitan Police said. This scared the man off, and he ran in the direction of a nearby Morrisons supermarket. Police have now created a E-fit of the man, following the attack, which took place at around 2.30am on Friday, June 3. The woman described him as being ‘of Asian appearance and possibly aged in his mid to late 30s,’ with, ‘glasses and had a light coloured beard’. Detective Constable Matt Wilson said: ‘This was a terrifying attack on a woman in the middle of the night. ‘She bravely managed to call out for help and in doing so caused her attacker to run away, but not before she was sexually assaulted.’ He added: ‘Given the time of night, the car park was not busy, but we do know there were some people in the area including delivery drivers waiting to collect orders from McDonald’s. We also know there was a white van parked in the car park at the time. ‘I would urge anyone who saw or heard anything suspicious or even just unusual, to come forward. ‘I’d also encourage anyone who thinks they recognise the person depicted in the e-fit image to get in touch.’ DC Wilson added: ‘We take incidents such as this extremely seriously and will follow any possible line of enquiry presented to us. ‘While we have no information at this stage to indicate that this man has struck before, we cannot rule out the possibility. ‘I would urge anyone who has been the victim of an assault of this nature, no matter when it took place, to call the police. ‘We have specialist officers who will take your concerns seriously and provide support throughout the investigation and any judicial process that follows.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.