Tonight Matthew, I’m going to be… Stars In Their Eyes, eh? It was brilliant back in the day, wasn’t it? Giving some wannabes their moment in the sun, letting them have a little slice of the life they’ve daydreamed about for years. Absolutely no harm done. That said, anyone else finding this prime ministerial reboot a bit weird? We’re struggling to warm to either of the competitors? Rishi from Southampton does a decent David Cameron and he hasn’t spared any expenses on the costumes – but he’s ducking the high notes and looks like he knows the crowd’s not really feeling him. Liz from Leeds, on the other hand, is really going for it, giving it the full Maggie but it feels like she only has one tune. Come on, Truss-o – show us that range! Anyway, it’s all just a bit of fun and we wish them both well as the competition progresses. Then when it’s all over, they can slip out of the fancy dress and get back to… wait… what?! Do you think Rishi is dishy? Do you think Liz is the biz? Are you Team Truss or Sunak Squad? Or do you just have a big sad feeling in the pit of your stomach about how the future direction of the country is being decided by a private club of self-selecting enthusiasts who are entirely unrepresentative of the country, have no obligation to act in its interests and consistently poll a country mile to the right of where the majority want our politics to be, all while the nation’s fortunes continue to fade and we slip deeper into an economic malaise which will condemn society’s poorest to penury and grief? Make up your own mind! The Tory leadership election death match between the former chancellor and foreign secretary has continued this week in much the same way as it did the week before and will throughout the summer, demanding attention but never deserving it. We are being treated to the undignified spectacle of Boris Johnson’s two most senior ministers fight like cats and dogs with knives strapped to their paws over which bits of the government they spent years cheerleading for were the most s**t. The whole thing is made more depressing/hilarious by the barely contained loathing they seem to have for each other (they are of course welcome to pop into Metro.co.uk and correct us on this if they want to). The race to lead the NATURAL PARTY OF GOVERNMENT in the MOTHER OF ALL PARLIAMENTS and GREATEST NATION ON EARTH descended into a tedious row over the price of vastly wealthy Rishi’s suits and quite wealthy Liz’s earrings this week. At least we were spared sitting through a second debate in two days when TalkTV host Kate McCann did the nation a favour and fainted midway through, forcing it off air. Buoyed by the backing of defence secretary Ben Wallace, Truss goes into a series of hustings in front of Tory members with a clear lead over Sunak in the polls. TL;DR: X Factor is literally more democratic than this. While Tory members decide which of the pair will be asked to deliver a big sloppy kiss of life to the flatlining economy, trade unions are taking matters into their own hands. The RMT – led by the unflappable Mick Lynch, the unlikely breakout star of this crisis – has set the tone, holding its fourth walkout since June this week. Two more railway unions have confirmed they’ll take industrial action and the mood of discontent is spreading through the economy. BT staff and Royal Mail workers have also voted to strike and it’s unlikely to end there. Liz Truss sought to defuse the febrile industrial relations situation by *checks notes* threatening to introduce stringent restrictions on trade union rights within 30 days of becoming prime minister. Mr Lynch responded in a measured way by *checks notes* threatening to campaign for the first general strike since 1926. Metro.co.uk would like everyone to *checks notes* calm the f**k down. TL;DR: Trade unions shock the world by going on strike over declining pay and conditions. The trial of the century has drawn to a close and we have a winner. It’s…….not Rebekah Vardy. The High Court has ruled that Coleen Rooney’s memorable social media claim that her fellow WAG had been leaking information about her to the press was ‘substantially true’. A judge decided it was ‘likely’ an agent working for the wife of Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy had passed information gleaned from Rooney’s private Instagram to The Sun. Mrs Justice Steyn concluded Vardy ‘knew of and condoned this behaviour’, rejecting her claim that the ‘sting operation’ and dramatic social media reveal had been defamatory. Glad it’s over? Spare a thought for the poor libel lawyers of London for whom the end of the trial marks the felling of the magic money tree. The pair have put a reported £3 million into the pockets of paid-by-the-hour barristers over the course of the process. That’s a lot of money owed to a lot of people – so who foots the bill? It’s……..Rebekah Vardy. TL;DR: They’d have saved time by having a scrap and setting fire to a pile of cash. There was a quietly historic moment this week when a criminal sentencing was broadcast live for the first time ever. Strict rules about what can and can’t be reported about court proceedings shape how much you get to see and hear from cases – and, given they carry the threat of limitless fines and even imprisonment, keep journalists up at night. Under contempt of court law, filming in a courtroom is a big no no, as it could undermine the confidence of people to give sensitive evidence without fear of being identified. Now the rules have been relaxed to allow the judge’s sentencing remarks to be shown live, though the rest of the hearing remains off limits. Campaigners – not least of all among the broadcast news industry – have been pushing for this change for years and are thrilled. Print reporters who spent a lot of time and money learning shorthand to get around recording restrictions in court are privately fuming that their arcane but lovely skill has been made a little bit more redundant. (Yes, we’re talking about us.) The first sentencing of its kind ensures that the case of Ben Oliver – a mentally ill 25-year-old from London who stabbed his granddad to death – will be a footnote in law textbooks for decades to come. TL;DR: Get used to seeing stern types with plummy accents and dusty wigs on the news. ‘I can fight emus’. Never have four words so perfectly encapsulated that peculiar variety of macho bravado which can put a gale force wind behind the flimsiest of sails. They were uttered by a drunk driver who, fleeing a car crash in Wiltshire, found himself running straight into a bird enclosure. A witness warned him to stay away from the six foot birds but to no avail – the hero of our story does not back down. It was then the reply came, that proud quartet, the four words on which he would stake his liberty: ‘I can fight emus’. Anyway, he couldn’t. He got pecked to s**t, jumped into a river and was caught by police shortly after. The moral of the story: whatever you’re doing this weekend, don’t drink and drive – and don’t fight emus. TL;DR: Don’t fight emus. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.