Jacques O’Neill has revealed his reason for quitting Love Island, explaining to Paige Thorne in tearful scenes that he didn’t feel he was being himself. The previous evening, Jacques became enraged when he heard what bombshell Adam Collard said about him to Paige, angrily telling Billy Brown to ‘f**k off’ so he could speak to her alone about what was said. Paige later told him how she’d wanted him to act differently in the situation and remain calm, causing friction between them that continued until the morning. The next morning, Jacques was still in a disheartened mood, beginning his day by opening up to Luca, who gave him a hug in the bedroom. He later took Paige for a chat on the terrace, having admitted that he didn’t want to ‘f**k it up’ between them because he cared for her so much. Jacques revealed to Paige that while he wished he could finish his Love Island journey with her, he would be leaving the villa that day. As Paige began crying, Jacques urged her to continue with her Love Island journey and to ‘not think about him’ when he was gone. ‘Do what you’ve got to do. You just do what you have to do. Don’t even think about me when I leave,’ he said, as she replied through her tears: ‘Are you joking?’ Jacques explained that he hadn’t recently been feeling like himself, and the only way to ‘get back to myself’ was by going home. Paige confessed that she felt ‘guilty’, while Jacques reassured her that she had nothing to feel guilty about by choosing to stay. ‘It’s the only way I’m gonna get back to myself… I can’t carry on like this,’ Jacques told Paige, before calling the rest of the islanders to the firepit to announce he was heading home. Before he left the house, Jacques implied that he was confessing he was in love with Paige, saying that while he ‘didn’t want to say it’: ‘I do,’ as she pressed him to divulge what he meant. He also promised that he would be waiting for outside the villa, pledging to pick her up at the airport while saying how he wants her to be his girlfriend. Paige and Jacques have had a tumultuous time in the villa, having started by going strong following his arrival. When Paige was away in Casa Amor, Jacques flirted with Mollie Salmon while also getting to know and kissing Cheyanne Kerr, before deciding he wanted to remain coupled up with Paige. Nonetheless, the truth came out when Cheyanne revealed their romantic dalliances, deeply hurting Paige. Jacques became steadily more upset over the situation as he tried to make it up for her, finally being allowed back into their bed after a couple of nights in the Doghouse. Several viewers expressed concern over Jacques following his exit, with one writing: ‘In all seriousness hope Jacques gets the mental health help he needs he clearly has things he needs to work on I’m glad he’s decided to remove himself from the villa.’ ‘I have so much respect for Jacques realising he wasn’t himself anymore and removing himself for his mental health,’ another wrote. When contacted for comment by Metro.co.uk about how Jacques will be looked after following his exit, ITV pointed to its public duty of care protocols. One of the paragraphs reads: ‘Before they go into the show, prospective Islanders will watch a video fronted by the show’s executive producer and head of welfare interviewing former Islanders about their experiences on the show. ‘This includes details on the two week period before they enter the Villa, how to cope being filmed 24/7, the interaction they will have with producers in the Villa, the support provided to family members, dealing with social media trolling, and adapting to life away from the show.’ A minimum of eight therapy sessions is offered to each contestant when they return home, with ITV adding that they will provide ‘proactive contact with Islanders for a period of 14 months after the series in which they have appeared has ended, with additional help provided where applicable.’ Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Jacques O’Neill tells Billy Brown to ‘f**k off’ to speak to Paige Thorne in furious rage MORE : Love Island’s Gemma Owen reveals Paige Thorne’s chat with Adam Collard to boys – despite being threatened with ‘World War III’ 