Ricky Martin’s legal ordeal appears to be over as a judge has dismissed a restraining order brought against him. The Livin’ La Vida Loca singer’s lawyer previously shut down rumours of a romantic relationship between the musician and his 21-year-old nephew after a restraining order was filed against Martin earlier in the month. Reports recently suggested that the accuser, who filed the order anonymously, was in fact Martin’s nephew, who reportedly alleged they had dated for seven months. Martin had also previously denied domestic abuse allegations after a complaint was made against the singer in Puerto Rico under Law 54, also known as the Domestic Abuse Prevention and Intervention Act. However, authorities did not reveal the petitioner’s name. It’s now said that a judge in Puerto Rico threw out the order on Thursday during a hearing, where Martin reportedly appeared via Zoom, after a request from Martin’s accuser. Martin’s legal team told Metro.co.uk: ‘Just as we had anticipated, the temporary protection order was not extended by the court. The accuser confirmed to the court that his decision to dismiss the matter was his alone, without any outside influence or pressure.’ They continued in their statement: ‘And the accuser confirmed he was satisfied with his legal representation in the matter. The request came from the accuser asking to dismiss the case. ‘This was never anything more than a troubled individual making false allegations with absolutely nothing to substantiate them. We are glad that our client saw justice done and can now move forward with his life and his career.’ Puerto Rican newspaper, El Vocero, previously claimed to have obtained the legal documents, which alleged that Martin and his nephew broke up two months ago, but that the singer did not accept the split and was seen loitering near the accuser’s house at least three times. Martin’s lawyer Marty Singer vehemently denied the allegations at the time, telling Billboard in a statement: ‘Ricky Martin has, of course, never been — and would never be — involved in any kind of sexual or romantic relationship with his nephew. ‘The idea is not only untrue, it is disgusting. We all hope that this man gets the help he so urgently needs. ‘But, most of all, we look forward to this awful case being dismissed as soon as a judge gets to look at the facts.’ Martin addressed the domestic abuse allegations on social media, only to deny the claims and explain that he was not able to discuss the details due to the ongoing legal case. The singer has been married to husband Jwan Yosef since 2017 and the couple live primarily in Puerto Rico with their four children Metro.co.uk has reached out to Ricky Martin’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Martin’s lawyer denies ‘disgusting’ claims singer had sexual relationship with nephew after restraining order filing MORE : Ricky Martin denies ‘completely false’ domestic abuse allegations after restraining order 