A group of Australian rugby players who refused to play when their club introduced pride-themed jerseys may appear next season wearing them – ‘as long as they are consulted first’. The Manly Warringah Sea Eagles unveiled their rainbow-patterned shirts on Monday, saying the team wanted to show support for ‘inclusivity and diversity’. Seven players sparked fury when they boycotted a key match against the Sydney Roosters, saying they wouldn’t wear the top due to ‘religious and cultural grounds’. They have reportedly been told to stay away from the grounds in New South Wales tonight for their own ‘safety and wellbeing’. But boss Scott Penn has since suggested a year of dialogue could produce different results. The players’ major concern was not necessarily the jersey itself, but the lack of discussion, in relation to their cutural and religious beliefs, before it was revealed in public, he claimed. ‘I think they were somewhat frustrated that it went as far as it did without consultation, and we respect that’, he told 9News. ‘We are all about inclusiveness, so we will continue this theme.’ Mr Penn has stood by his decision to introduce the jersey, saying he wants to promote inclusivity for all. Yet, the board has announced a review into why all staff and players were not aware of the Pride-themed shirt before it was released publicly. The Sea Eagles plan to wear the rainbow next year – and the boycotters are said to have indicated that they will join in next time. ‘Yes. that’s the message they were very clear on – let’s work together’, Mr Penn said. Local media has identified the seven players as Josh Aloiai, Jason Saab, Christian Tuipulotu, Josh Schuster, Haumole Olakau’atu, Tolu Koula and Toafofoa Sipley. It comes after former Sea Eagles legend Ian Roberts – the first Australian male professional rugby league player to come out as gay – said he was ‘unsurprised at the pushback’. ‘This is very personal to me as an older gay person, because I’ve lost friends to suicide’, he said. ‘I wish I could sit around a table with those players and explain that unfortunately there are kids out in the suburbs, out in the regions today, who might not have heard many stories in the last month, but I can promise you they heard this story.’ Mr Roberts added that he wants to sit down with the seven players and discuss what a pride jersey would mean to the LGBTQ+ community. Manly coach Des Hasler has apologised ‘to the LGBTQ community who embrace the rainbow colours and use these colours for pride and advocacy and human rights issues’. ‘Our intent was to be caring and compassionate towards all diverse groups who face inclusion issues daily’, he said. ‘However, instead of enhancing tolerance, and acceptance, we may have hindered this.’ New South Wales Police said they had conducted a ‘risk assessment’ and were satisfied with ‘the strategies in place to mitigate any risk to the players and attendees’ safety and security’ at the game tonight. Officers have not received any formal reports of threats made towards players. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.