Andrew Garfield is set to star as Sir Richard Branson for a new series which tells the story of the billionaire businessman and his airline company. The 38-year-old actor was recently nominated for his first Emmy Award for the crime drama Under The Banner Of Heaven, but could another big gong be coming his way? We know and love him for his portrayal of Spider-Man, but rumour has it that he’s about to step into the shoes of the billionaire Virgin founder. David Leitch is set to direct a six-part series, titled Hot Air, which is based on the book Dirty Tricks by investigative journalist Martyn Gregory. The book explores the rise of Sir Richard’s airline company, Virgin Airways, from when he started it 1984 with one leased aeroplane, with the PA News Agency understanding that Andrew is taking the helm. It also explores how by 1990 it started to threaten British Airways’ monopoly, promoting them to launch a ‘dirty tricks’ campaign where staffers would impersonate Virgin employees to try and gain information to persuade passengers to switch to them instead. This year, Andrew was nominated for an Academy Award for his performance in Tick, Tick…Boom! and was recognised for the same role winning best actor in a musical/comedy film at the Golden Globes. The film, which is Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda’s directorial debut, tells the story of Jonathan Larson’s attempt to enter the industry by writing a new musical. British star Andrew also recently reprised his role as Spider-Man in 2021’s The Spider-Man: No Way Home, which saw the three actors who have played Peter Parker throughout the years – including Tobey Maguire and Tom Holland – unite for the first time ever. The reports of him taking on Sir Richard come after Andrew announced that he would be taking a break from acting. He shared the news in an interview surrounding Under the Banner of Heaven, saying he is keen to ‘rest’ and ‘be a bit ordinary for a while’. The Eyes of Tammy Faye star said: ‘I am going to take a break. I’m going to rest for a little bit. ‘I need to recalibrate and reconsider what I want to do next and who I want to be and just be a bit of a person for a while.’ He compared awards season to ‘a washing machine’, although without complaint, calling himself ‘so privileged and lucky’ to be ‘a part of the conversation’. Reps for Andrew Garfield have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Loose Women’s Coleen Nolan ‘has split from boyfriend Michael Jones’ after one year together MORE : Harry Styles proves he’s an unstoppable king once again as his third album secures most weeks spent at top of charts in 2022 