A man found his cat was ‘useless’ when he returned home to find a seagull perched on his kitchen table. Matt, 36, from Kent, had returned from a cinema trip with his kids when he discovered the seagull had broken in and made itself at home. The freelance filmmaker, who is scared of ‘anything with wings’, ushered his children upstairs as he approached the beady-eyed bird. Matt, who recorded the interaction, attempted to get the bird to leave his house but the uninvited guest refused to leave. Unable to defeat the bird and rid it from his home, Matt’s partner Liv who was suffering with Covid at the time came downstairs to set the seagull free. ‘When I first saw the seagull I was absolutely terrified because I hate birds, I’m basically scared of anything with wings and moths are my worst thing,’ Matt said. ‘I’m a bit of a wuss when it comes to anything animal-wise like birds and insects with big wings. ‘All my friends and family take the mickey out of it. ‘I was very nervous it was going to attack me as I have seen them dive-bombing people in town and they are always about in the back garden, this one specifically sits on my shed roof.’ Matt said he had looked to his cat for help thinking the feline would be ‘a bit more reactive to a seagull being in the house’ but it didn’t want to help and just stared at the bird. ‘I love my cat to bits but I thought he would have been a bit more reactive to a seagull being in the house which is why I called him useless,’ Matt added. ‘His name is Winnie, or Lord Winston when he chooses to act ignorant.’ Matt said after being removed from the house once, the seagull returned the following day. ‘He returned the next day whilst I was at work. Liv told me,’ Matt added. ‘He was in the kitchen and knocked everything off the kitchen side doing his tap dancing at the window, my hero Liv got rid of him again.’ After posting the video of his interaction with the seagull to TikTok the footage has been viewed thousands of times. He said seeing how funny people had found the video had brought a smile to his face. ‘My friends and family have all found it hilarious and have kept me updated on the view count as it has been happening,’ Matt said. ‘I’ve seen people crying with laughter in reaction videos. ‘I’ve been making videos for clients for almost 12 years now and all I have ever wanted them to do was to make people smile and this video seems to have done that.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.