It’s happening, guys. Victoria Beckham is finally reuniting with the Spice Girls for a new documentary celebrating their unprecedented rise to superstardom. Posh, 48, turned down the chance to join bandmates Mel C, Mel B, Emma Bunton and Geri Horner for their sold out stadium tour of the UK in 2019, but will be teaming up with the girls for a new TV show. Clearly her recent unplugged rendition of a Spice Girls classic was just the beginning. The docuseries will be helmed by the same team who were behind Netflix’s Emmy-winning Michael Jordan series The Last Dance. ‘The director and the whole concept of how that was shot and filmed is really, really, really good. So we’ll be doing our own version with them,’ Mel B said during an appearance on Australian TV. During the documentary, the singers will all revealing new unheard takes from their hey day as the biggest band on the planet. Sharing one story, Mel B said: ‘The rap in the Wannabe video, I actually wrote on the toilet while the other girls were doing the vocals. ‘My kids go, “Mummy, your music has come full circle”, and I’m thinking, “Ooh they’re going to compliment me”. Then I get told, “It’s come full circle because now you’re just vintage”. ‘Old but good.’ Victoria’s husband David Beckham recently shared a video of the pop queen singing Spice Girls classic Stop on karaoke, which obviously thrilled everyone with a pulse. Perhaps no one was more excited than her band mate Mel C though, who commented on the clip: ‘Nice to see you getting a head start on rehearsals! [kiss emoji] [cry laugh emoji].’ The Spice Girls have recently been teasing plans to celebrate 25 years of their box office smash hit movie Spice World, and are currently among the favourites to land the coveted ‘legend slot’ at Glastonbury 2023. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.