Manchester United are hopeful that Lisandro Martinez will be able to join his new team-mates on their pre-season tour in Australia after agreeing a deal with Ajax. After weeks of negotiations, the Eredivisie champions finally accepted a £46million proposal from the Red Devils on Thursday and the Argentine could be confirmed as a United player on Friday. Ajax rejected two previous bids from United, while Arsenal had also submitted multiple offers, but Martinez had always insisted that he wanted to be reunited with Erik ten Hag. The 24-year-old was left out of the Dutch club’s training session on Thursday so as not to threaten his move to Old Trafford. According to The Athletic, United are already making plans for Martinez and are hoping that he will be able to fly to Australia in the coming days to link up with the rest of the squad. Ten Hag’s side play Melbourne Victory on Friday – which will come too soon for Martinez to be involved – before facing Premier League sides Crystal Palace and Aston Villa on Tuesday and Saturday respectively. If United get the paperwork signed off in time, the Argentina international could have a chance of being involved in one of next week’s friendlies. After meeting with Barcelona on Wednesday, United CEO Richard Arnold and football director John Murtough jetted to Amsterdam in order to wrap up the deal. The negotiations had hit several stumbling blocks in previous days and weeks, but Ajax chief executive Edwin van der Sar – who, of course, previously played for United – is said to have played a crucial role in unblocking proceedings. Martinez also made it clear to Ajax that he wanted to move to Manchester and personally rejected Arsenal’s approach, preventing a bidding war from taking place. Personal terms have not been a problem, with a contract agreed, and Martinez will put pen to paper imminently. His personal chef even hinted that the deal was close to completion on Thursday, uploading an image of a ‘farewell dinner’ with the versatile defender to Instagram and asking United fans to ‘treat him well’. Martinez will become United’s second summer signing after Tyrell Malacia, though a deal for Frenkie de Jong is proving rather more complicated despite agreeing a fee with Barcelona as the Dutchman does not want to leave Camp Nou. MORE : Frenkie de Jong’s agent tells Manchester United to give up on transfer and he won’t join MORE : Manchester United star Cristiano Ronaldo responds to incredible £211m contract offer from Saudi Arabia For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 