You might have noticed but London is becoming quite uncomfortable in the heatwave. None more so than on the Tube. The lack of air-con on most Underground lines has made the total joy that is commuting a bit of a nightmare. TfL’s usual advice for dealing with the heat is ‘carry a water bottle’ but we thought you might need a heads-up on the lines to avoid. Top of the list, baking passengers with an average temperature of nearly 30°C in July 2020, was the Bakerloo line. Coming in second was the Central line with nearly 29°C, followed by the Victoria line with almost 28°C. The Northern and Piccadilly lines hit 27°C and 26°C respectively, and the Waterloo & City line recorded the lowest temperature at 21°C. Metropolitan, Circle, District and Hammersmith & City lines, which all go above surface at points, averaged 23°C. However, these measurements were taken before a fleet of 192 air-conditioned, walk-through trains were rolled out, so their true average is likely lower. Only these four Underground lines have air-con built in, with the rest of the vital network playing catch up. Judging by the data, the sauna-like conditions on the Tube are likely to worsen this weekend as an amber alert for extreme heat takes effect. The Met Office has warned the exceptionally high temperatures will put people at risk of serious illness or even death. The elderly, babies, young children and those with underlying health conditions will be most at risk. The warning reads: ‘Exceptionally high temperatures are possible during Sunday and Monday and could lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. ‘What to expect: Population-wide adverse health effects are likely to be experienced, not limited to those most vulnerable to extreme heat, leading to potential serious illness or danger to life. ‘Government advice is that 999 services should be used in emergencies only; seek advice from 111 if you need non-emergency health advice.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.