A disposable barbecue caused a fire that ripped through a pensioner’s home, leaving the house uninhabitable. The single-use grill, which cost around £2.50, had been cooling for around eight hours when it sparked the blaze. Fortunately, no one was injured in the fire but the incident has led firefighters to warn of the risks cooling barbeques pose in the hot weather. Terry Archer, 77, said he had cooked four pork chops on the barbecue for lunch on Sunday before leaving it on bricks on an area of decking. The retired CNC miller, said: ‘We had a BBQ on the decking as we always do and left it on some bricks. ‘When I was in bed, I smelt this horrible burning paint. A neighbour was shouting the house was on fire. ‘This guy made me get up and got my son, who has terrible hearing, out of the building too. ‘We just watched the house burn. It was horrendous. There was a six-foot-wide wall of flames.’ Terry, a widower, said the fire had ‘gutted’ his home, where he had lived for 52 years with his late wife Carol and raised sons David and John. Pictures show the two-floor home blackened after the fire, which also caused smoke damage to the adjoining house. Terry said his home insurance will cover most of the damage and he is currently being housed by the council. Paul Curtis, of Saffron Walden Fire Station, said people should be extra cautious when using disposable barbeques in hot weather. ‘With the weather being so hot and dry, this fire spread very quickly across the decking, through screening and to the houses,’ he said. ‘During this hot weather, we’d advise that you’re extra cautious when using disposable BBQs, they stay hot for a lot longer than people think and all it will take to start a fire in this hot and dry weather is an ember and a slight breeze. ‘Make sure they are completely cooled before you leave them unattended, you can use water to help cool them faster.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.