The hot weather might be stopping us from feeling productive, but at least the stars are giving us a much-needed focus boost. A link between the planets could finally put an end to all the procrastinating you’ve been doing this week. Cancer, you’ll be compelled to speak out today. Planning something big, Scorpio? Look at all the details very carefully. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 15, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 As the Moon angles towards Uranus then merges with restrictive Saturn, the urge to break free of something could be strong. If you feel burdened by a commitment, the urge not to bother could be huge. Just do it, though, as you’ll get good karma from the effort. It may be a reminder to be stronger. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 With Venus in Gemini and your money zone, you’ll have an eye for a bargain. But with beguiling Neptune in the picture, what seems like a great deal might be a big let-down. Avoid buying anything in a rush. Today, even the recommendation of a friend may not be enough. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 While there may be times when following the rules is helpful, it can limit your options if you’re too rigid. This could be the case today and over the next few days, when taking a less formal stance might help things flow. The Moon’s tie to innovative Uranus could inspire a rebellious approach. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A Moon-Uranus link suggests you’ll feel it’s your duty to speak the truth, even if doing so could rock the boat. By adopting a gentle approach, you can still discuss this matter, just in a way others will cope with. Still, the Venus-Neptune angle suggests you might benefit from some me time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your social life may show lively trends and could be the reason you feel like exploring new possibilities. But there is potential for a misunderstanding. Something said in innocence might be taken the wrong way. Bearing this in mind, make clarity of speech a priority, especially in the days ahead. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may have plans but the way the next few days pan out might not be as expected. If you go with the flow, you will be in a position to take advantage of any new opportunities that arise. Appearances could be misleading, though. Before you dismiss an idea or offer, take a closer look at it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Be careful what you say, as you may be taken seriously even if something is spoken in jest. A hazy blend of energies could give rise to a skewed perspective. The Moon-Saturn merger suggests you might be getting serious about something and are ready to invest emotional energy in it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Hard work and careful planning are requirements for success but over the next few days, it could help to take a few steps back to see how things are shaping up. Take a closer look at plans, as something might need attention or you may have omitted a crucial detail. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You can be as free as you want to, even if you’re weighed down with commitments you’d rather do without. Today, lunar ties encourage you to get overdue tasks done but also to look at making life easier. Streamlining your affairs could allow you to enjoy more adventures. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A conversation you have could be taken either way, depending on how you interpret it. Keep an open mind and you may find there are advantages to be gained. If someone doesn’t want to listen, then they won’t. If something urgent needs to be done, you’re better off doing it yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Other people’s ideas might seem to hold a lot of weight but only because you’re uncertain what you believe about an issue. You might agree with them because it seems they know what they’re talking about. Rather than agree with them, why not trust your instincts? Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Someone might offer you something you’d usually welcome. With Neptune involved, though, there might be strings attached that could bind you to an outcome you’d prefer to avoid. Keep your options open and ask searching questions. You’ll soon know if something is amiss. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 10 to July 16 and the second half of 2022 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you