The Love Island stars are out in full force for Wireless Festival, with the likes of Amber Gill, Antigoni Buxton, and Shaughna Phillips donning their best festival ‘fits for a weekend in the sunshine. Stars from various series of the ITV2 dating show hit Finsbury park for some epic live performances from artists including Cardi B, Megan Thee Stallion, Jack Harlow, and Nicki Minaj. Reality stars descended on the London festival, with Antigoni – who was recently dumped from the villa – looking stunning in a bright blue ensemble. Antigoni – who entered the show as a bombshell – continued to turn heads at Wireless as she showcased her tan in a vibrant bikini and sarong. She seemed in high spirits as she made the most of the glorious weather, accessorising her look with a pair of white sunnies and matching trainers with butterflies printed on them. The 26-year-old musician carried a fan to keep her cool and went all out with matching her make-up to her outfit, adding a pop of blue to the inner corners of her eyes and blue tips on her nails. She was joined by Shaughna who put on a boujee display in a Prada bralette and Gucci bag. Shaughna kept the rest of her look casual with some baggy ripped jeans and swept her long blonde locks back into a half-up-half-down do. They were joined by Demi Jones, who wore a beaming smile on her face and seemed buzzing to be out in the sun at the festival. Demi and Shaughna arrived at the event together, with Demi opting for a black long-sleeved dress with daring cut outs around her chest and stomach. Also spotted at Wireless was Amber, who was crowned winner of Love Island back in 2019 with then-boyfriend Greg O’Shea. Amber couldn’t stop smiling as she enjoyed a drink and bonding with the other Love Island girls, looking radiant in a cut out mesh top and printed skirt, carrying her belongings in a Louis Vuitton bag. The Geordie reality star has been pretty vocal on her views on the latest series of Love Island, especially following the dramatic recouplings during Casa Amor. Amber – who is gearing up for the release of her debut romance novel – made some light-hearted comments online about ‘switching teams’ and alluding to no longer dating men, prompting speculation around her sexuality. However, the new author has stated that she will talk about that part of herself ‘when she is ready,’ saying in an interview: ‘I’ll say what I want to say when I’m ready. There’s no need to speculate, we can all see what I’m saying. When I’m ready to say what I want to say, then I will. I don’t feel like I want to say anything whilst I’m single.’ ‘All this speculation makes it harder for people to want to say how they really feel and talk about their sexuality,’ the TV star shared in a clip from an upcoming episode of Johnny Seifert’s Secure The Insecure podcast, obtained by The Sun. Love Island continues at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rylan Clark insists he is ‘still single’ after Ex On The Beach star ‘confirms’ romance MORE : Jacques O’Neill’s family urge Love Island viewers to ‘be kind’ and reveal he has ADHD after fans slam ‘disgusting’ behaviour: ‘This isn’t a get out clause but he struggles with emotions’ 