Villagers in India have been baffled by a string of unusual downpours after recent monsoons caused fish to rain from the skies. Authorities in Telegana have declared a red alert for twelve districts over the next five days as severe flooding has impacted millions of people. National highways have been waterlogged, which has caused problems for emergency services attempting to reach ravaged villages and towns. Yet the most bizarre occurrence of all occurred last weekend, when during the aftermath of a severe downpour onlookers were shocked to discover a sea of fish littering the roads and streets, apb reported. Even more shocking was the fact many of them still appeared to be alive, and were flapping frantically in the street having been whisked miles away from the sea by the monsoon. One witness, who shared a video of the event to Twitter, said: ‘Amid heavy rainfall in Telangana, people of Jagtial town witnessed something unique. ‘People of Sai Nagar in Jagtial town woke up to a surprise on both Friday and Saturday as they found fish ‘rain’ from the sky.’ He added: ‘Raining fish is a rare weather phenomenon called as “rain of animals” which happens when small water animals such as frogs, crabs, and small fish are swept into water spouts.’ In the video, a number of residents can be seen risking their lives to pick up the fish and collect them in piles. At one point a man can be heard saying: “One of the fish farms must have broke open, and there’s hundreds and hundreds of fish that have been blown ashore, and these people are here picking up the fish from the middle of the street.” India is currently in the midst of its most severe monsoon season in years, which has already claimed the lives of over 130 people, CNN reports Just days earlier, Jagtial residents Mohammad Shafi and his son Abdul Rashid were killed after their vehicle was hit by a sudden landslide whilst driving home. Millions have been displaced in what looks to be India’s worst monsoon season since 2005, which resulted in over 700 casualties and mass displacement. Dams have reportedly been opened in some places to ease the pressure on towns amid fears that further rainfall could be on its way. Amit Prakash Yadav, Regional Commissioner of Municipalities, said: ‘Keeping in mind the increasing water levels & security, the national highway from Ahmedabad to Mumbai has been shut. ‘We’ll open the highway as soon as the water level comes down.’ India’s monsoon season typically lasts from June to September, and usually starts to recede at the start of October. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.