Adele broke down in tears on several occasions as she took to the stage in London’s Hyde Park for a long-awaited gig. The singer, 34, stunned in a black floor-length gown as she took to the stage to perform her hits at American Express present BST Hyde Park in London on Friday. Adele’s hair was swept up in a stylish beehive with a few delicate strands framing her face, and wore statement gold spiked hoop earrings. Her dress was a black velvet halter neck design with off-the-shoulder sleeves, which ended below her hips, with the skirt being a black glitter fabric, with a gold belt setting off the look. Among the crowd were some famous faces, with Hollywood star Tom Cruise and presenter James Corden seen enjoying the gig. Nick Grimshaw, Luke Evans, Lorraine Kelly and Ant McPartlin were also spotted taking in the tunes, however, there was one person who Adele would have been most excited about. There was an extra special guest in attendance, as the Hello star told the crowd that her son Angelo was watching his superstar mama perform on the night. In one of her classic ad-libs, she told the crowd: ‘My son’s here so cover your ears,’ before sharing an anecdote about failing her exams. The gig marked Adele’s first performance since the Brit Awards in February, which came just after she controversially cancelled her residency in Las Vegas. Overcome with emotion, Adele told the concertgoers: ‘I’m so happy to be here, help me!’, as she burst into tears at the start of her set. The tears flowed freely at many points, including when she heard thousands of her fans singing Someone Like You in unison. Given the hugely successful night, one might wonder how one of the world’s most famous voices chooses to relax after a show. Well, just like the rest of us, apparently, as Adele told her fans that she would be ‘up all night’ watching the new episodes of Stranger Things season four which just dropped. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele sings her heart out in backstage snaps as she rehearses for epic BST performances MORE : Adele and Rich Paul attend stunning wedding of NBA star Kevin Love together in rare public outing 