Chelsea have begun negotiations with Paris Saint-Germain to sign defender Presnel Kimpembe as Thomas Tuchel looks to reinforce his back-line even further. The west London club confirmed the £45million capture of Raheem Sterling from Manchester City on Wednesday and are now putting all their effort into strengthening a defence that was significantly weakened over the summer. Experienced heads Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen both left on free transfers – for Real Madrid and Barcelona respectively – with Tuchel keen to bring in three new centre-backs to replace them. A deal for Kalidou Koulibaly is now at an advanced stage, with Chelsea having agreed a fee worth around £33.8m with Napoli. The Senegal international has been given permission to fly to London – where he touched down on Wednesday evening – and will shortly jet to Los Angeles to undergo a medical and link up with his new team-mates before the deal is made official. But Koulibaly will not be the only big-name central defender heading to Stamford Bridge this month, with the club also pushing hard to bring in both Nathan Ake and Kimpembe. A deal for Ake has been in the works for some time and Chelsea are confident of re-signing their former academy player for around £40m by the end of next week at the latest. According to The Athletic, co-owner Todd Boehly – who is acting as interim sporting director – has also now opened talks with PSG over Kimpembe. Negotiations are not yet at an advanced stage but the French champions are open to selling the 26-year-old if their valuation is met. So far that has not happened, with another report from The Independent claiming that PSG have set a price tag of €50million (£42m) plus €10m (£8.5m) in bonuses. That would make Kimpembe significantly more expensive than both Koulibaly and Ake, and would likely make him Chelsea’s most expensive signing of the summer window. Tuchel is keen to be reunited with the Frenchman – who he coached in Paris – and is attracted to his versatility, with Kimpembe able to play in multiple positions in the back three; Ake, by contrast, is seen predominantly as a left-sided centre-back. Chelsea are not the only club interested in signing Kimpembe, however, with Juventus also making contact with PSG as they look for a replacement for Bayern Munich-bound Matthijs de Ligt. MORE : Chelsea confirm signing of Raheem Sterling from Man City in £45m deal MORE : Napoli accept Chelsea’s bid for Kalidou Koulibaly as defender flies to USA to join pre-season tour For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 