Shanna Moakler is sending her ex-husband Travis Barker her prayers and thanked fans for their support. The Blink-182 drummer is reportedly in hospital with pancreatitis after undergoing a colonoscopy, and the former Celebrity Big Brother star – with whom he has son Landon, 18, and daughter Alabama, 16 – has addressed his health battle. In a statement to Entertainment Tonight, she said: ‘Thank you to everyone who has reached out with concern to my ex and father of my children, I know he is in great hands and surrounded by loving support and the best medical teams available and his beautiful wife Kourtney [Kardashian]. ‘I pray for a speedy recovery and for the comfort of my children as I know they are very concerned and worried. ‘Travis has beat the odds numerous times and I know with his support system he will do it again. I will always be there for him and my children.’ The 46-year-old drummer has also been a father figure to Shanna’s 23-year-old daughter Atiana De La Hoya, whose biological father is boxer Oscar De Lay Hoya. Earlier this week, photos emerged of the 46-year-old musician being carried into an ambulance on a stretcher before being taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center on Tuesday, and Kourtney has remained by his side since. The reason the All The Small Things musician is in hospital is yet to be confirmed, but multiple sources connected to the family have claimed he may be suffering from pancreatitis. On Thursday, his daughter Alabama shared an update with fans, after asking for their ‘prayers’. Taking to her Instagram Story, she showed her hand beside her dad’s resting on a patterned table – noticeably not a hospital bed like her last update – she wrote: ‘Thank you guys for all of the prayers and love, I appreciate you and love all of you.’ Meanwhile, Atiana De La Hoya has also shared her own update, and said everybody’s well wishes are ‘appreciated’. She wrote on her Instagram Stories: ‘Thank you for the outpouring of love and prayers sent our way at this time. It is heard, felt and appreciated Xx.’ Travis and Kourtney have not publicly addressed the incident, but hours earlier he tweeted: ‘God save me.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kourtney Kardashian ‘refusing’ to leave Travis Barker’s side as his daughter thanks fans for their support amid his sudden illness MORE : Travis Barker’s daughter Alabama shares picture of Blink-182 star in hospital bed and asks fans to ‘say a prayer’ 