The royal couple of the showbiz world are celebrating their wedding anniversary! Victoria and David Beckham jetted off to Paris and Venice to celebrate their 23 years of marriage, and they’ve barely aged at all. In fact, after all these years together, the pair are still rocking matching looks and we absolutely love it. The couple took to Paris, their ‘happy place,’ before making their way to Venice for the celebrations, and enjoyed a romantic gondola ride. Loved-up Posh and Becks, who were also joined by Victoria’s parents, sat close on the boat, with Victoria, 48, wrapping her arms around David, 47, at one point. David went on to gently place a hand behind Victoria’s back as he made his way across the gondola. VB had revealed on Instagram that the pair jetted off to their ‘happy place’ to celebrate, sharing a gorgeous video of the Eiffel Tower. ‘Kisses from Paris,’ she added, before giving fans a look into their date night, which saw them enjoying dinner with a jaw-dropping view of the city. Of course, they served looks for their evening out together, with Victoria glamming up in a white blazer dress and David keeping it simple and suave in a suit. ‘Super chic!’ Victoria wrote, before professing her love for her husband in a sweet snap. David even surprised Victoria with a special bottle of fizz, with an engraved ice bucket that read: ‘I love you so much, happy 23rd wedding anniversary. You are my everything.’ The trip wasn’t over there however, as they then headed to Venice. As the couple headed out for the day on Tuesday, Victoria revealed that they were once again rocking matching looks, with David insisting he ‘took inspiration’ from his wife rather than copying her. It’s a fine line David, but we reckon you’re just about in the clear. Clearly Victoria didn’t mind too much, as she posed for a snap with her husband in the sun, and wrote: ‘Still matching 23 years later!’ So cute! Celebrating the special occasion, the couple also shared some pretty iconic throwbacks from their relationship, including their incredible interview with Ali G. ’23 years ago today Posh became Mrs Beckham , but she will always be Posh ❤️,’ David wrote. ‘Happy Anniversary WOW 23 years & 4 beautiful kiddies ❤️❤️❤️❤️ I love you , we all love you ❤️’. He also shared an incredible photo of the pair matching in leather – and it’s safe to say not much has changed (other than, thankfully, their fashion choices). The Beckhams tied the knot in Ireland in 1999, with their son Brooklyn, who was three months at the time, acting as their ring bearer. They got married at Luttrellstown Castle, with Victoria wearing two different dresses on the big day. The first was a Vera Wang satin ballgown, while the second was a vibrant purple number – with David rocking a matching suit, of course. The pair share their four children, Brooklyn, who tied the knot with his wife Nicola Peltz earlier this year, Romeo, Cruz, and Harper. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Victoria Beckham not impressed David called out her strict diet: ‘I’m quite extreme’ MORE : Look back at David and Victoria Beckham’s epic £750,000 wedding with tiaras and star-studded guest list 