Love Island viewers threw their full support behind Paige Thorne and Tasha Ghouri as the girls ditched the boys after all the Casa Amor drama. While Paige had reunited with Jacques O’Neill, the truth about his Casa Amor antics had been spilt in a moment reflective of Millie Court, Liam Reardon and Lillie Hayne’s love triangle last year. Meanwhile, both Tasha and Andrew Le Page had chosen to recouple with other people, and yesterday, Andrew accused Tasha of being ‘fake’, but today his new partner Coco Lodge spilt the tea about what had really gone on between her and Andrew in Casa Amor. Jacques finally apologised to Paige for his behaviour, telling her that she ‘deserves better’. ‘I only want you, it’s made me realise that. From now on it’s only you and that’s it.’ However, Paige held her ground, saying: ‘You’re not ready for relationship things, you’re not where I am. You’ve got to be better.’ ‘I want to be better for you. I want to take you home to my mum, I’m sorry for it – I am. Would I ever want to be in this position again where i could potentially lose you?’, Jacques replied. In the Beach Hut, Paige continued: ”I’d love to just fall back into the playful banter that we have, but respectfully honey, you’re f***ed it.’ Viewers loved her strong words, praising her for finally ‘seeing the light.’ Meanwhile, Tasha, who had yesterday been accused of ‘telling more lies than Pinocchio’, learned the truth about Andrew and actually accused him of ‘playing the victim’. When Coco revealed to Tasha what had really happened between them, Tasha replied: ‘I didn’t expect it, I’m just shocked. From his half, he described it as just little cuddles and kisses.’ Later, Andrew tried to excuse his lack of honesty as ‘forgetfulness’, but Tasha and Coco both blasted him for his behaviour. Tasha accused him of ‘playing the victim’, adding to the girls: ‘I’m done, he’s shown me how he would be on the outside.’ ‘I’m so happy Tasha realises that Andrew is playing the victim and that she is standing up for herself here,’ one viewer wrote. Another penned: ‘Living for Tasha calling out Andrew’s victim complex,’ while a third wrote: ‘Go Tasha! You go girl!’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Andrew Le Page insists he’s in a ‘friendship couple’ with Coco Lodge despite her revealing they shared ‘intense’ Casa Amor moments to Tasha Ghouri MORE : Love Island’s Tasha Ghouri’s family beg trolls to stop mocking her ‘superpower’ cochlear implant 