Katie Price has reportedly split from her fiancé Carl Woods again, telling strangers that she’s single while on a night out. The pair, who became engaged in April last year, reportedly split earlier this year, but were since seen back together again. Now however, the former glamour model has been telling strangers that she’s single, and was spotted without her engagement ring. ‘Katie was letting her hair down and telling people that her engagement with Carl was over,’ a source revealed. The onlooker added to The Sun: ‘She said that the couple had been rowing non-stop on holiday and things had come to blows with her deciding to call it a day when they returned home. ‘Those close to Katie hope it is over for good after their rocky romance has taken its toll on her.’ Katie’s engagement to Love Island 2016 star Carl came after just 10 months of dating, and would have marked her fourth marriage. The news follows Katie quitting social media earlier this month, due to ‘personal reasons’ amid ongoing legal woes. The former glamour model stunned her fans by announcing her departure from socials, claiming she needs some space for ‘personal reasons.’ Katie’s exit from social media follows a series of legal woes for the TV star, as she recently avoided jail for breaching a restraining order, and had a speeding charge dropped. The 44-year-old made the revelation that she’s coming off social media while on holiday in Thailand, where she’s soaking up the sun after cancelling a series of make-up classes that she was supposed to attend this week. Taking to her Instagram account – which boasts 2.7million followers – Katie wrote: ‘I will be coming off all social media for a period of time. I need to take time off for personal reasons.’ She signed off by showing her appreciation to her followers: ‘Thank you to all my loyal fans for always supporting me XXX’. Metro.co.uk has approached Katie Price’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s ex Kris Boyson ‘engaged to Elizabeth Tierney after two weeks of dating’ MORE : Love Island’s Jacques O’Neill puts Paige Thorne romance well and truly behind him on fun-filled day out with Mary Bedford 