As the heatwave continues, calls have been made for a maximum working temperature to keep people safe. Such a measure could protect employees from tiredeness, infections, heat stroke or even death, MPs have said. They want a limit of 30°C in most workplaces or 27°C for those doing strenuous work. Employers would have a legal duty to introduce ‘effective control measures’, such as installing ventilation or moving staff away from windows and sources of heat, under the proposals. A total of 37 MPs have signed a motion, tabled in the House of Commons by Labour’s Ian Mearns, in support of the plan. It comes as the Met Office warns parts of England and Wales could face extreme heat at the beginning of next week, with temperatures predicted to soar into the 30s. Currently, BBC weather is forecasting highs of 35°C for London on Monday and 34°C on Tuesday. Already, commuters have struggled with soaring temperatures on the Tube network in the capital. The early day motion (EDM) by MPs states: ‘That this House notes that recent surveys of workplace health and safety representatives show that high temperatures are one of their top concerns. ‘(It) regrets that workers in the UK have no guaranteed legal safeguards from working in uncomfortable high temperatures, and that the consequences of this range from dizziness, tiredness, asthma, throat infections and, in extreme cases, heat stroke and death. ‘(It) insists that without recognised law, current recommendations for employers to maintain a reasonable temperature within the workplace are impossible to enforce unless a worker is seriously insured or killed from heat stress.’ The EDM goes on the call for a maximum working temperature of 30°C, or 27°C ‘for those doing strenuous work, beyond which employers would have a statutory duty to introduce effective control measures.’ EDMs allow MPs to express an opinion, publicise a cause or support a position. However, it is rare for EDMs to be debated. This week, the Met Office warned that some people are at risk of serious illness or death with the heatwave. Authorities have been trying to stress the severity of the high temperatures, in particular for older people and for pets. ‘Extreme pressures’ caused by the hot weather have forced all of England’s ambulance services into the highest level of alert. Over the weekend and Monday, trusts in the South declared ‘critical incidents’ and now their counterparts in the North have followed. A source told the Health Service Journal that too many patients are suffering in the extreme heat in the back of ambulances. Brits have also been advised to stay out of direct sunlight, where possible, between 11am and 3pm on warm days. The Met Office’s hot weather advice said: ‘If you do go into your garden, try to avoid the hottest part of the day and seek shade. ‘Wear lightweight, light-coloured clothing, high-factor sunscreen and a wide-brimmed hat.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.