Harry Kane, Gary Neville and more have sent messages of congratulations to the England women’s football team after they brought football home by winning Euro 2022. In front of a record 87,192 fans at Wembley, goals from Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly secured a 2-1 win for the Lionesses over Germany after extra-time. It is England’s first major trophy since 1966, and former and current England footballers have been congratulating Sarina Wiegman’s side on their historic win: Harry Kane, Tottenham striker and England captain ‘Absolutely unreal scenes at Wembley!! Massive congrats to the amazing Lionesses!! Ella Toone take a bow for that finish too.’ Gary Neville, former Manchester United captain ‘What the Lionesses have just done is amazing and so damned bloody hard to do. A seismic moment for Sport in this country! Well done to you all.’ Gary Lineker, England’s all-time record goalscorer ‘Football is a simple game. 22 women chase a ball for 90 minutes and, at the end, England actually win. Congratulations Lionesses. Fabulous.’ Eniola Aluko, former Cheslea forward ‘Since 1966!!!! It has come home. For women’s football in UK, Lionesses WE SALUTE YOU! The dream has come true. The dream is here! Congratulations!!! Unbelievably proud!’ David Seaman, former Arsenal goalkeeper ‘󠁧󠁢Unbelievable achievement, this means so much to the girls, to the team, to the country!’ Jamie Carragher, former Liverpool defender ‘Congratulations Lionesses fantastic achievement. The first goal summed up the quality in this team. You are all role models for future generations who will take up the game because of what they’ve seen today.’ Harry Maguire, Manchester United captain Huge congratulations to Lionesses. Brilliant game. History made. The whole country is proud of you. Enjoy the celebrations. MORE : England v Germany player ratings: Ella Toone, Chloe Kelly and Keira Walsh star as Lionesses win Women’s Euro 2022 MORE : It’s come home! England beat Germany in record-breaking final to win Euro 2022 For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 