*Warning: This article contains huge Stranger Things season 4 volume 2 spoilers, obviously. As if the Stranger Things finale couldn’t blow your mind more, David Harbour just revealed the sward Hopper used to kill the Demogorgan was the actual sward used in both Conan films. WT actual F? In the epic blockbuster season 4 volume 2 finale, Hopper slays the monster that massacred pretty much everyone in the Russian prison using Arnie’s actual sword, subsequently weakening Vecna and helping to save the planet from his takeover. Now most of us have seen the final and just about managed to catch our breath again, Harbour has revealed a pretty wild behind-the-secret about that scene. Sharing a picture of the moment on Instagram, as well as a picture of Arnie clutching onto the iconic weaponry, he wrote: ‘Nerd alert. The prop at the end of episode 9 is the Atlantean sword from the CONAN films. ‘A lovely fan found a still of when it was established in ep 7 and used by an unlucky inmate who met an untimely death near the cells at the side of our gladiatorial pit.‘The real excitement behind this however, is that the sword the incredible ST props department (reveal yourselves guys so I can credit you) gave me is THE ACTUAL SWORD used in the filming of both CONAN films. ‘It was heavy as hell, and such a tremendous honor to wield. @schwarzenegger – ready to accept your notes on my technique.’ Arnie, we’re looking at you… Obviously fans were floored by the bombshell, with one posting: ‘y husband called it immediately and I was like “……nah…they wouldn’t really…” APPARENTLY THEY WOULD.’ Another very excited follower wrote that they’ve ‘been talking about this sword all weekend! Amazing detail,’ while there was an abundance of posts from fans freaking out. Stranger Things season four concluded with a total bloodbath which perfectly sets up season five, but sadly we’ve got quite the wait ahead. Gutted. Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 