Boris Johnson hosted one of his final parties as prime minister with a gathering at the grand Cotswolds estate of a major Tory donor. The celebration belatedly marked his wedding to Carrie Johnson, with guests including his sister Rachel, father Stanley and arch-loyalists Jacob Rees-Mogg and Nadine Dorries. The outgoing PM and his wife hosted family and friends at 18th-century Daylesford House to celebrate their marriage with a wider circle, after the Covid crisis forced them to scale back festivities last year. There was some controversy about where the event would be held, after the Johnsons originally planned to throw the event at the PM’s official country residence, Chequers. That had led to suggestions that Mr Johnson wanted to stay on as a caretaker prime minister in part to use the venue – though this was denied by Downing Street. The celebration was also mocked since it was another party – after the PM was brought down in large part by the partygate scandal. Political allies who were also seen arriving included Conservative Lord Zac Goldsmith and Tory MP John Whittingdale, as well as Cabinet colleagues Mr Rees-Mogg and Ms Dorries. Thrice-wed groom’s Mr Johnson’s 81-year-old father Stanley was there to mark his son’s latest marriage, while Australian actor Holly Valance was also seen pulling into the estate. There were questions over whether defectors from Mr Johnson’s Government would be culled from the guest list, with former health secretary Sajid Javid one of those notably not spotted arriving. A helicopter was also seen arriving at the venue. One man who attended despite not being welcome guest was anti-Brexit protester Steve Bray, who pitched up on a road near the wedding venue with a giant banner reading ‘corrupt Tory government’. Former chancellor Rishi Sunak and current Foreign Secretary Liz Truss missed the party as they were on the campaign trail in a bid to replace the PM. Ms Truss, at a campaign visit in Bromley, defended Mr Johnson for holding the lavish celebrations at a time when millions are struggling with the worsening cost-of-living crisis. Asked whether Mr Johnson should concentrate on such crises facing the country instead of partying, she told reporters: ‘I think he’s entitled to enjoy his wedding day, and I wish the best to him and Carrie and all the family.’ The event was being held in a huge white marquee on the expansive landscaped grounds of Daylesford House in Gloucestershire. The Grade I-listed mansion is owned by Lord Bamford, chairman of construction equipment manufacturer JCB, who has donated millions to the Tories. Staff have been seen going in and out of the bunting-topped tent this week in preparation for the party. Guests could relax on hay bales and benches outside the marquee and eat and drink at casks and small tables, while taking in the scenery of vast meadows and orchards. The Johnsons are thought to have sent out save-the-date cards ahead of the celebration, before deciding to change location. They had married in a low-key, private and secret ceremony at Westminster Cathedral last year, in front of a small group of family and friends. That was followed by a reception in the gardens of 10 Downing Street with a limited number of guests amid restrictions during the pandemic. But they had long been planning to have a larger celebration this year after the rules were eased. Billionaire Lord Bamford is covering at least some of the cost of the party, according to the Mirror. But that is not the first time that Mr Johnson, whose finances are not thought to be in the best of health, has benefited from the JCB chairman’s backing. The Tory peer supported his 2019 leadership bid, with Mr Johnson knocking down a wall with a JCB digger at the Staffordshire showing he would ‘get Brexit done’. When asked about the wedding celebrations, No 10 declined to comment on the ‘private matter’. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : ‘Puppy gate’ had to be made for Boris Johnson to stop him breaking social distancing rules