Two teenage brothers who beat a dad so savagely he was left with life-changing injuries have been named by a  judge. Archie and George Tilley were jailed for 12 years for the sustained, vicious and frenzied attack on former carer Alan Willson, 47 on April 4, 2021 While Harry Furlong, 18, of Horsham was jailed for 20 months. Alan’s life was changed forever when he rushed to help an 11-year-old boy who was being bullied by a group of teens at Longcroft Park in Worthing. But the boys turned on Alan, beating him with a 3ft log, shattering his skull and leaving him incapacitated on the ground. George Tilley was 13 and his brother Archie 14 when the attack, which was described by a judge as ‘beyond the comprehension of most people’, took place. In a witness statement, Annie Wilson, Alan’s wifec, told a court the devasting attack had ‘destroyed’ and ‘broken her family beyond repair’. ‘I will never forget turning up in that park and seeing what you had done to my Alan,’ Annie told a court. ‘You took away a husband, father grandad, brother, cousin and uncle. ‘Alan was the gentlest man who would help anyone at the drop of a hat, no questions asked. ‘You attacked him as a group, and did not stop until he was on the floor, bleeding and unconscious.’ Annie told the court how neither Alan’s life nor her family’s would ever be the same again. ‘He has no mental capacity, no vision in his left eye and has a massive brain injury from which he will never fully recover. ‘He has hearing problems, dental problems, cannot toilet himself or take care of his personal hygiene. ‘He is not the same man. He is locked in this strange body that he doesn’t understand. ‘People say at least he is alive and as my anger bubbles from the pit of my stomach I have to reply, this is no life! ‘On 4th April 2021 you took my soul mate! ‘You plunged our lives into darkness and changed our family dynamics forever. You took a father a brother an uncle a cousin and a grandad.’ George Tilley, who will turn 15 next week, and his brother Archie, now 16, were told they are a significant danger to the public. Their ages would normally grant them anonymity but Honour Judge Christine Henson QC said it was just luck that Alan had not been killed in the attack. ‘Lifting the restriction would have no or little impact on the rehabilitation process. ‘I am satisfied it is now in the interests of justice to lift the restriction,’ HHJ Henson said. The brothers showed no emotion when they were handed nine-year custodial sentences. A three-year extended licence was added by the judge following an assessment of their dangerousness. The judge dismissed their claims of self defence. ‘None of you had any injuries of any note following this brutal attack. ‘This was a group activity, initiated by Archie, enthusiastically joined by George. ‘Harry Furlong, yours was a lesser role. ‘Nevertheless, you joined in,’ the judge told them. The Tilleys will be eligible to apply for parole after serving eight years while Furlong will serve at least half his 20-month sentence in custody. Archie Tilley had two previous convictions for three offences while George had five convictions for 18 offences. He was only ten at the time of his first recorded offence. All the offences were for violence including ABH and battery. Furlong was convicted of grievous bodily harm by a majority of 11 to one. George and Archie Tilley were found guilty of inflicting grievous bodily harm with intent by a unanimous jury verdict at Lewes Crown Court in Hove. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.