Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. This week Aldi’s focus is mainly on babies and children, with Harry Potter homeware and essentials for a new baby in stores. You can also get your hands on some cut-price golf gear for next time you hit the green. Available in grey or blue velvet, this chair is as comfortable for feeding baby as it is for curling up with a good book. At £149.99, it’s a whole lot cheaper than similar pieces out there – but certainly doesn’t look it. Buy the Navy option on the Aldi website now. Buy the Grey option on the Aldi website now. Suitable for newborns to age six months, this crib is perfect for co-sleeping or easy night feeds. A safety harness ensures it’s is held in position when beside your bed, or it can be adjusted to work as a standalone cot. Plus, a tilting mode helps you prevent reflux and congestion issues in your baby. Buy for £129.99 on the Aldi website and in stores from today. These themed sets have everything you need to turn their room into their favourite film, featuring Hermione, Harry, Hagrid and the gang in cartoon form. Each comes with a pillowcase and coverless quilt, all in a handy carry bag – perfect for sleepovers or camping trips. Buy for £19.99 on the Aldi website now, or in stores from Sunday July 24. Get ready for tee-time with this laser-powered rangefinder that’s reduced by 23%. With slope compensation, an easy-to-read LED display, and pin-tracker technology, it all rests on your swing – no blaming your tools. Buy for £99.99 on the Aldi website now. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Literally the best I’ve ever tried’: This £10 BB cream is making waves on TikTok MORE : How to make cheap, non-toxic cleaning products for your home