Love Island fans were left cringing at a very awkward conversation between Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri, as the pair figure out whether there’s still a connection between them. While Tasha was in Casa Amor getting to know Billy Brown, Andrew cracked on with Coco Lodge. Since Tasha (and, unfortunately, the British public) discovered the details of what went on between Andrew and Coco, Tasha’s been deciding if there’s any future with Andrew. In Sunday’s episode, Andrew pulled Tasha for a chat to grovel, with some very awkward results. ‘It was the fact you weren’t honest about it,’ Tasha told him, with Andrew saying: I  just want you to do whatever makes you happy.’ ‘I did miss you a lot,’ Andrew added, with Tasha replying: ‘i missed you, i don’t want you to think i didn’t.’ ‘You are what I want,’ he said. ‘I don’t know of that’s what you want.’ The conversation pretty much ended there, as the pair started laughing and smiling at each other – and not everyone was a fan of the vibe. ‘Why tf is Andrew smiling like that while Tasha has a stone cold face so awkward,’ one said,’ while another pointed out: ‘What is this awkward lil scene between Andrew and Tasha, I don’t wanna watch em just stare at each other.’ ‘Why am I having to watch Andrew and Tasha having the most awkward conversation that mainly consisted of silence?’ another asked. ‘The silence between andrew and tasha is so awkward,’ one more said. Inexplicably, Tasha then went on to say she and Andrew had a ‘nice chat’. Later in the episode, Tasha was left in tears as she chatted to Ekin-Su about her connection with Andrew. However, even if the pair do get back together, things could still be awkward after Andrew’s family slammed Tasha’s ‘crocodile tears’ during a row. When Tasha confronted Andrew for lying to him about his Casa Amor antics, and accused him of ‘playing the victim’, he tried to excuse himself by saying he had ‘forgotten’, but Tasha held her ground saying: ‘I don’t know if we can come back from this, because I’m hurt deep down.’ ‘Do I have mug on my forehead?’ she tearfully said to the other girls later. ‘He’s been sucking on her f***ing t*ts as well!’ ‘Andrew’s shown me what he would be like on the real world and I’m not here for that,’ she added. Following the row, Andrew’s family took to Instagram to share their support for him. Andrew’s brother, Adam, posted a dig at Tasha on his story, penning: ‘Sick of the crocodile tears #neverinthewrong. Keep your chin up little bro @andrewlepage,’ which was then reposted on Andrew’s Instagram story, which is being run by his close family or friends while he’s in the villa. While the Islanders had been separated in Casa Amor, on Tasha’s Instagram, the friends running the dancer and model’s account slammed the ‘double standards’ of Tasha feeling judged for wanting to get to know Jay Younger and Charlie Radnedge. Love Island continues Monday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans fear ‘iconic moment’ won’t air after Casa Amor drama: ‘It would be so unfair’ MORE : Love Island spoilers: Gemma Owen warns Billy Brown to ‘get off’ her as they flirt in front of Luca Bish 