A groom’s special day was ruined after a guest slipped him a cocktail of drugs without his knowledge. Brandy the bride posted footage of Billy breaking down during the ceremony, his emotions apparently heightened after being spiked. Billy stumbles around in the distressing video, slurs his words and even forgets his vows. ‘His heart was racing, his brain was moving faster than he could form words. He tried saying his vows to me but was unable to think. His emotions [were] heightened,’ Brandy, from Kentucky, US, wrote online. She listed more of Billy’s symptoms, which included ‘sweating, super red, heart racing, dry mouth, couldn’t form words, emotional ups and downs, confused at times, anger, doesn’t remember moments’. She even feared he would suffer from a heart attack at one point. Brandy eventually got her husband evaluated by a nurse and drug-tested. Meanwhile, the venue management team at Parkside Resort in Pigeon Hole, Tennessee, launched their own investigation. The culprit, an unnamed wedding guest, was eventually identified and ‘dealt with’, according to Brandy. Brandy says in the video she wants to ‘bring awareness’ to the potentially ‘fatal consequences’ of spiking someone’s drink. ‘Many people intentionally combined alcohol and Adderall in order to party harder and longer,’ she wrote. ‘So they spike others’ drinks thinking they will be hype all night with them.’ According to WebMD, Adderall, a prescription pill used to treat hyperactivity disorder (also known as ADHD), can help ‘increase your ability to pay attention, stay focused on an activity, and control behaviour problems.’ However, despite being commonly available in the US, Adderall can be dangerous if not used correctly, and can cause serious problems if mixed with alcohol. Due to one being a stimulant and the other a depressant, there is a common misconception they ‘cancel eachother out’ if taken together. But they actually compete with each other in your body. This effect can cause serious problems, Healthline reported. Brandy signed off with a message to the person who spiked her husband’s drink: ‘F**k you for causing such trauma to my family.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.