Just before the pandemic, Britain said goodbye to Bourjois, a beauty brand that was a high street staple. Known for their Little Round Pot Blusher and Health Mix base line, fans of the French-inspired take on beauty were sad to see it go. But now it’s back on our shores after a two-and-half-year hiatus. Returning to Superdrug, their trading director Megan Potter says: ‘Superdrug is absolutely thrilled to welcome the iconic Bourjois brand back to the UK, especially as the range was previously a firm favourite with our customers. ‘Parisian beauty is having a big moment thanks to Emily In Paris – and let’s face it, that chic French style will never go out of fashion. ‘Customers will be happy to see the return of Bourjois’ hero products including the Little Round Pot Blushers but there are also some innovative new offerings in the collection.’ So, as well as the products you know and love, some new surprises are in store too. The near 160-year-old brand is back – so let’s add some iconic buys to cart. Get it for £8.99. What would a shop at Bourjois be without this hero product? Get it for £11.99. The only downside is that the shade range hasn’t gone beyond 13 options, so if it didn’t work for you before it’s unlikely to now. Get it for £11.99. Over in France, one of these is sold every second – go go go. Get it for £9.99. With this bold lip, keep everything else minimal for a French chic vibe. Get it for £10.99. This is making its UK debut for transfer-proof colour. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Beauty guru shows how to use the Maybelline Tattoo Brow as brow tint, eyeliner and lip liner MORE : This sustainable Aussie makeup brand supports local charities – and you get to pick which one MORE : Refillable beauty brand offers 60% off sustainable summer-proof makeup