Miriam Margolyes has revealed she’s not a big of Arnold Schwarzenegger after he let rip a fart in front of her when they were filming End Of Days. The outspoken actress, 81, claimed that Arnie passed wind while they were shooting the 1999 supernatural action horror film, and she’s still not over the incident. ‘Schwarzenegger, didn’t care for him. He’s a bit too full of himself,’ Miriam said on news.com.au’scast, I’ve Got News For You. ‘He was actually quite rude. He farted in my face. Now, I fart, of course I do, but I don’t fart in people’s faces. He did it deliberately, right in my face.’ Miriam went on to shed more details on the incident and explained they were shooting the movie in Los Angeles. ‘I was playing Satan’s sister and (his character) was killing me, so he had me in a position where I couldn’t escape, lying on the floor,’ she said. ‘And he just farted,’ she said. ‘It wasn’t on film, it was in one of the pauses, but I haven’t forgiven him for it.’ Miriam’s bombshell comes just days after she talked audio porn, fake orgasms and swearing on This Morning. The Harry Potter actress revealed some of the more challenging moments in a world away from Hogwarts as she proved she really is the gift that keeps on giving for daytime telly. Speaking to Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, Miriam said she gave herself a headache recording audio porn. ‘I did it on a microphone – with, no, at a microphone,’ she shared. ‘Sexy Sonya: Leaves From My Schoolgirl Diary – it was just a nasty episode that people could take home and pleasure themselves with. ‘I found it exhausting, because you have to keep breathing heavily to simulate orgasm – as many women have to anyway. I found it very exhausting. I came home with a headache. ‘I don’t know what the engineer thought! I put my whole soul into it.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 