Graham Norton is a married man it seems, having reportedly thrown a lavish bash over the weekend in West Cork to bless his recent union. The popular TV presenter and Eurovision host apparently took over Bantry House in Cork for an exclusive event for around 120 guests in order to celebrate tying the knot with his partner. According to the Irish Examiner, Saturday’s event was believed to be a blessing ceremony, with another celebration taking place at his home on Sunday. Marquees could be spotted in the back garden of the best-selling author’s holiday home in Ahakista on the Sheep’s Head peninsula, where the revelries continued over the weekend. Graham, 59, has never disclosed the identity of his partner, as he has carefully guarded his private life in recent years. The publication also reported that a local rector performed a blessing ceremony at the four-star venue for the couple. There was also no shortage of entertainment as singing icon Lulu is said to have performed at the event, and there was a DJ set by Panti Bliss, aka Rory O’Neill, who tweeted to say that he was in the area. True to his Irish roots, Graham and his new husband also opted to have TikTok stars and Irish dance troupe Cairde perform. He was also spotted in Arundel’s By the Pier in Ahakista, enjoying the sun with friends before the weekend, when the rumour mill was in overdrive as to the event’s guestlist, which is also said to have featured names including Sir Elton John and Lady Gaga. Although the TV and radio host, whose net worth is estimated at £24million, is private about his new husband, he was previously known to have dated Trevor Patterson for two years from 2011 and music marketing consultant Andrew Smith, who he split from in 2015. Born in Dublin, Graham grew up in Bandon, Country Cork, attending the local grammar school. Having jumped ship from BBC Radio 2 to Virgin in 2021, he was recording his show remotely from his hometown earlier this month. Metro.co.uk has contacted a rep for Graham Norton for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Graham Norton not really friends with his A-list chat show guests: ‘When am I going to see them again?’ MORE : Yasmin Finney confirms Doctor Who character Rose is trans during blistering attack on Boris Johnson 