Elon Musk says he’s terminating his $44 billion deal to buy Twitter, according to a letter sent by one of his lawyers. Attorney Mike Ringler said the social media giant ‘has not complied with its contractual obligations’. He said it had not provided Musk with relevant business information he requested, forcing him to pull the plug. But Twitter has now said it will sue the Tesla and SpaceX CEO to complete the deal and is ‘confident’ it will win in the courts. Mr Musk previously said he wanted to look into Twitter’s claims that about 5% of its daily active users are spam accounts. He had his suspicions that the true number of bots on the site is far higher, with sources familiar with the situation suggesting the figures aren’t verifiable. The mogul previously tweeted that one of his biggest priorities after acquiring Twitter is to ‘defeat the spam bots or die trying.’ Twitter has confidently stated it is cutting down on spam accounts, telling reporters during a briefing yesterday that its removing 1million bots each day. But, still unsatisfied with the quoted 5% figure, Mr Musk’s lawyer shared his intention to pull out in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing. ‘Twitter has failed or refused to provide this information,’ Ringler said. ‘Sometimes Twitter has ignored Mr. Musk’s requests, sometimes it has rejected them for reasons that appear to be unjustified, and sometimes it has claimed to comply while giving Mr. Musk incomplete or unusable information.’ It is not entirely clear whether Twitter’s board will accept the one billion dollars (£830 million) break-up fee or if there will be a court battle over the deal. Board chairman Bret Taylor tweeted: ‘The Twitter Board is committed to closing the transaction on the price and terms agreed upon with Mr. Musk and plans to pursue legal action to enforce the merger agreement. We are confident we will prevail in the Delaware Court of Chancery.’ The possible unravelling of the £36.5billion deal is just the latest twist in a saga between the world’s richest man and one of the most influential social media platforms. Much of the drama has played out on Twitter, with Mr Musk – who has more than 95 million followers – lamenting that the company was failing to live up to its potential as a platform for free speech. Twitter’s share price has dropped dramatically since Musk’s initial bid in April. They plunged today by more than 10% after a series of confusing statements from the billionaire. He initially said that the deal was ‘temporarily on hold’ pending an investigation into bots. Mr Musk later clarified he was ‘still committed to the acquisition’ but that uncertainty surrounding he deal was proving difficult to dispel. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.