There are so many beauty brands out there, it can be hard to know which ones are worth your time and money. So when experts and influencers from across the industry recommend something, it makes sense to take note. Drunk Elephant is a skincare company that shot to cult status in the US where it was founded, going on to be a favourite of the likes of Vanessa Hudgens and Khloe Kardashian. Its range became available with limited distribution in the UK in 2018, but you can now get your hands on it all at Boots – and see for yourself whether the hype is justified. Since its inception, Drunk Elephant has stuck to a philosophy of ensuring the ‘Suspicious 6’ ingredients are eliminated from all formulas. By keeping irritants like sodium lauryl sulphate, alcohol, fragrances, dyes, and essential oils out you’ll avoid inflammation, which typically shows itself as issues like acne and uneven skin tone. Rather than taking into account whether things are synthetic or natural, the brand focuses on effective ingredients based on skin biocompatibility and health. The aim is to demystify the often confusing world of skincare, with products for every skin concern that can all be layered together (ending the whole ‘can I put retinol with acids?’ rigmarole). Plus, if you’re not sure what’ll work best for you, you can try the Drunk Elephant  ‘Skincare Smoothie Finder’ quiz. Answer a few questions and get a tailored routine that’ll address your needs. We’ve also rounded up our hero products from the brand to help get you started. This moisturiser contains nine signal peptides that bind moisture to the skin and form proteins, alongside waterlily extracts to calm inflammation. Use morning and night to support plumped, strengthened skin and reduce the appearance of wrinkles and sun damage. Buy for £47.20 at Boots. An at-home facial treatment, this mask will reveal glowing, radiant skin in as little as 20 minutes. The impressive blend of 25% AHA and 2% BHA in the formula deeply exfoliated without scrubbing, and a PH level of 3.5 means you won’t need to worry about redness or sensitivity after use. Buy for £56 at Boots. Vitamin C is the star of the show with this serum, with a potent 15% concentration to firm and even out your complexion. Add the base to the serum before your first use, maximising the efficacy of the ingredients and keeping it fresh. Apply to cleansed skin in the mornings followed by sunscreen. Buy for £53.60 at Boots. A new product in Drunk Elephant’s range, this 0.5% vegan retinol with plant-derived ceramides and pure, antioxidant-rich virgin marula oil. This mix helps prevent the irritation retinol can sometimes cause, giving you its wrinkle-banishing powers without feeling harsh or uncomfortable. Use day or night (but don’t forget sunscreen) – and you can even mix with the C-Firma Serum to maximise results. Buy for £50.40 at Boots. View the full Drunk Elephant range on the Boots website. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Tanaholic’ who didn’t let anyone see her looking pale for 12 years injected self-tanning drugs MORE : ‘Mental age test’ goes viral on TikTok – here’s how to take it