A girl in Alabama witnessed her own father’s murder after a gun deal brokered on Facebook Marketplace went wrong. Ricky Hamrick III, 39, and his 8-year-old daughter were taking a road trip together from Cleburne County to Bessemer on Sunday. They planned to end the day at Whataburger. Hamrick had arranged on Facebook Marketplace to sell two guns to a buyer in Bessemer, police told AL.com. When the buyer arrived for the transaction outside a Salvation Army thrift store, they fired three rounds into Hamrick’s car and stole the guns. His daughter was not injured. ‘No provocation led to this shooting,’ said Lt Christian Clemons of the Bessemer Police Department. ‘We’re talking about lowdown, dirty, rotten cowards.’ Hamrick had no criminal record, and Clemons believed the guns were being sold legally. Hamrick’s daughter was aided by nearby Good Samaritans who heard the commotion. ‘The good folks of Bessemer took care of the 8 year old, they realized what happened, hear the shots, ran to her aid and took her in their home and waited for officers to arrive,’ Clemons told ABC 33/40 News. One of the bystanders later identified herself to AL.com. Kelli Brown kept Hamrick’s daughter occupied while police investigated the crime scene outside her home. ‘I looked around the corner and that’s when I saw the man leaning over. You could see he had been shot in his left temple,’ Brown told the outlet. ‘I heard a child screaming. She got out of the car and came around and, bless her heart, she didn’t want to leave her daddy.’ The girl was covered in her father’s blood. ‘It took everything in me not to break down in front of her,’ Brown said. Debbie Stringer, Hamrick’s mother and his daughter’s grandmother, arrived to pick up the girl. ‘On the way home after we left Birmingham, she said, “If them boys hadn’t done this, we’d both be so happy. We’d be laughing and our way to Whataburger,”‘ Stringer recalled. Stringer called her son a ‘gentle giant’ and her best friend. Hamrick had lost his leg when a gun he was cleaning went off over a year ago. Since then, he made money by buying and selling items online. ‘He was just a good-hearted man trying to make a living,’ his mother said. ‘He loved his family more than anything and his family loved him.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.