Astrology can be a bit of a complex field to navigate. The key three placements to know about are: your sun star sign, moon sign and rising sign. The first is about who you are overall, the second reveals more about your emotional life, and the third is about how you present to the world and are perceived. Many of us place a lot of emphasis on our star sign – but some astrologists, one being Dalila Salgueiro, founder of The Manifesting App, say that as you grow and develop as a person, you become more aligned with your rising sign over all other birth chart placements. Dalila asks: ‘Have you ever read your sun horoscope and found you don’t identify with what you are reading or the personality traits that match your sun star sign? ‘That’s probably because you have stronger energy coming from your rising sign. ‘The rising star is the beginning of your natal chart and the opposite to your star sign. ‘As you grow and experience life changing and impactful events, you acquire more of your rising traits.’ She believes this is partly why people start having life crises at their milestone birthdays, such as 30. Dalila adds: ‘It comes to reveal you your “destiny” or the way you need to redirect your life to live positive and aligned with your purpose. ‘In fact, if you aren’t connecting with your rising star there are strong chances you might be feel you lack of purpose or are avoiding doing essential personal development, resisting change.’ She gives the example that someone with a Taurus star sign is going to begin life quite rigid due to their stubborn nature, but if their rising sign is Libra (a sign about balance), as they grow they’ll feel a pull towards being more free-flowing and finding spontaneity. Knowing your rising sign can give you clues about how your disposition might develop in the future – and help you feel unstuck. If someone’s rising sign is the same as their star sign, they’ll likely become very strong energies for that sign – almost archetypal. Dalila says: ‘I recommend my clients to be honest with themselves. ‘Sit down with yourself to evaluate your goals, your values’ systems, what’s your meaning of love and success. This will reveal what you need to change now to ensure those goals in the works for your future. ‘The less fearful and more open we are to the new, the more we can integrate the sign of the ascendant. ‘All this is accompanied by the desire to change themselves as a principle to change the world.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What your child should get up to in the summer holidays, according to their star sign MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 17 to July 23 – and Mercury’s move into Leo MORE : The best days to go on a date in 2022, according to astrology