Prince George looked smart in a blue suit as he joined his parents to watch a tense Wimbledon men’s singles final in scorching 28°C sunshine. The future king battled the British heatwave to wear his Sunday best on his first-ever visit to a Grand Slam tournament. He appeared too shy to answer when questioned on who he was supporting between Serbian player Novak Djokovic and his Australian opponent Nick Kyrgios. His dad Prince William whispered: ‘Djokovic’, but then joked: ‘We’ll see how long it lasts. He’ll support the winner.’ The three royals greeted ball boys and girls and other Wimbledon staff in the Millennium building before crossing the bridge to take their places in the royal box this afternoon. Kate, who is patron of the All England Club, looked summery in a navy blue skirt and matching top with white polka dots by designer Alessandra Rich. Chatting to a group of military personnel working as stewards at the championship, the duchess asked how many championships they had worked at Wimbledon, to which one replied: ’19 years.’ She then explained to her son what the group members do, saying: ‘They look after everybody to make sure the crowds are safe and happy, doing the right thing, in the right seats, making sure the grounds are safe.’ When asked about George coming to Wimbledon, she said: ‘Is this your first time? It is, isn’t it?’ to which he replied: ‘Yes.’ Asked why Princess Charlotte was not there, she replied: ‘It’s George’s treat today.’ William then praised Kyrgios’ powerful serve and Djokovic’s experience in playing grand slam finals. He added: ‘I think it’s going to be an electrifying spectacle.’ The family then met Dylan Mulvey, 13, from Wandsworth, who was selected to do the coin toss as well as ball boys and girls Syed Arez, Dior Knorr and Amy Granger. Kate explained to George that Dylan, who was nominated by St George’s Hospital in recognition of his fundraising efforts, would be kicking off the match, showing her son the coin that would be used in the toss. She then told the ball boys and girls: ‘I never know how you manage school and all the training that goes into it.’ Dylan later said the royals were ‘really nice people’ and it was a ‘really interesting’ conversation. Speaking of his pride over doing the coin toss, he said: ‘I knew I was just going to make my family really proud of me and that it was going to be an amazing experience.’ Amy added it was ‘so surreal’ seeing the royals, saying: ‘It was really cool. I was quite nervous. They were really really nice, asked lots of questions.’ The duchess is expected to present the trophies to both the runner-up and the winner during a ceremony after the match. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.