Todd Boehly will speak to Thomas Tuchel in the coming days over a potential move for Cristiano Ronaldo though the Chelsea boss is said to be ‘wary’ of the signing, according to reports. The Portuguese superstar has told Manchester United bosses he wants to leave the club this summer and did not return to training on Monday when originally scheduled, having been permitted to remain in his homeland for family reasons. Ronaldo is believed to have a queue of suitors lining up to sign him, with the likes of old club Sporting Lisbon, Roma, Bayern Munich and Chelsea all linked with moves. Co-owner Boehly was reported to have spoken to the forward’s agent, Jorge Mendes, last month about a potential switch to west London, before he had articulated his desire to leave United. With Marina Granovskaia and Petr Cech having left the club, Boehly and Tuchel are now in charge of transfers but the manager has yet to be consulted about a move for Ronaldo. According to The Telegraph, Boehly intends to speak to the German coach imminently about whether he wants Chelsea to pursue a deal for the five-time Ballon d’Or winner or not. As things stand, Tuchel appears more inclined to veto a deal with the former PSG boss said to be ‘wary’ of signing Ronaldo and feels the club should have other priorities in the transfer market. Although Boehly has met with Mendes, Tuchel has the right of veto on any signing and can pull the plug on a move for the 37-year-old if he feels he is not the right fit for his squad. Given that Romelu Lukaku – a relatively static figure up top for Chelsea last season who felt an ill-fit for Tuchel’s style of play – has already been cut adrift by the German and loaned back to Inter, Ronaldo is unlikely to fit his approach any better. Although Ronaldo was United’s top scorer last season, he was often criticised for his lack of mobility and work rate up top. Rather than pursuing a deal for Ronaldo – which could be tricky, with United especially reluctant to sell to a Premier League rival – Tuchel feels there are other areas of the squad that need addressing first. The Chelsea boss wants to sign up to three new defenders, having lost both Andreas Christensen and Antonio Rudiger on free transfers, and wants the club to push ahead with talks to sign Raheem Sterling from Manchester City. Tuchel is believed to be looking to build a flexible, interchanging attack with the likes of Sterling and Leeds star Raphinha dovetailing and competing with Kai Havertz – who has shone as a false nine – but that plan would need to be revised if Ronaldo joined. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo’s stance on Chelsea transfer after requesting to leave Manchester United MORE : Manchester United now open to selling Cristiano Ronaldo but won’t consider offers from Chelsea For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 