Declan Donnelly was supported by his best friend and TV co-star Ant McPartlin at the funeral for his late brother, Father Dermot Donnelly. Donnelly was amongst the mourners carrying the coffin of his brother, Father Dermott Donnelly into St Mary’s Cathedral in Newcastle for a Requiem Mass. McPartlin was also pictured ahead of the service, which took place on Friday, alongside his wife Ann-Marie Corbett. The pair were both snapped looking sombre as they paid their final respects to Donnelly’s older brother. Catholic priest, Fr Donnelly, died aged 55 after he suffered a sudden serious illness. Paying tribute to his brother during the service, Donnelly fought back tears as he said: ‘Unfortunately today our world is a slightly worse place because Dermott is no longer with us. ‘He still had so much more he wanted to do, so many more lives he needed to change. ‘We can’t believe he’s gone, we still can’t understand why he’s gone – but we trust God took him because his talents were needed elsewhere. ‘We as a family will miss him immeasurably.’ He thanked the congregation for ‘all the amazing tributes and messages of support’, saying the family had been ‘simply overwhelmed by the kindness we’ve been shown’. He said Fr Dermott had been the middle child of seven, and told how they grew up in a three-bedroom house in Newcastle, with the four boys in one room and the three girls in the other. He also joked about his brother’s extensive fundraising efforts, saying: ‘You name it, Dermott monetised it.’ Hexham and Newcastle Bishop Robert Byrne offered his condolences to Fr Dermott’s mother and siblings, as well as extended family who had travelled from Ireland. It was Byrne who announced Donnelly’s death, and said in a statement that the priest had ‘died peacefully this afternoon in hospital’ on July 8. The Bishop said the news has ‘come as a great shock to all of us’, adding: ‘Please pray for the repose of his soul and keep his family, especially his mother, in your prayers at this difficult time.’ His devastated brother later confirmed the news on Twitter, writing: ‘I am heartbroken to tell you that my darling brother Fr Dermott, @TweeterPriest, sadly passed away this afternoon. ‘We are all beyond devastated. Thank you for your messages of sympathy and support, they are appreciated.’ Donnelly was pictured on Thursday preparing to say his final goodbye to his late brother, carrying his coffin into the church. Fr Dermott had conducted the Saturday Night Takeaway presenter’s wedding to Ali Astall in 2015, which took place in the same church as Friday’s service. The TV favourite and Astall recently welcomed their second child together, a baby boy named Jack Anthony Alphonsus. The pair chose to keep the news quiet until the arrival of the little one, with many fans noting it was the first they’d heard of Astall’s pregnancy. Others also clocked Jack’s middle name is a nod to Donnelly’s co-star McPartlin, who he has worked with for over 30 years. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Linda Robson ‘only Loose Women star’ to attend Stacey Solomon’s joyous wedding to Joe Swash: ‘It was an amazing day’ MORE : Piers Morgan replaced by Jeremy Kyle on Uncensored after confirming break from TalkTV 