Tights are an essential, annoying thing to buy. Annoying, because they rip and ladder so quickly – often the lightest graze ruins anything below a 60 denier. So while shopping cheap seems like a good idea at the time, it gets costly as they need to be replaced often. One TikToker has been raving about Sheertex tights, a luxury hosiery brand that promises to be near snag-proof, with their classic pair coming with a 90 day guarantee. The content creator said her video wasn’t an advert, she was just impressed, then showed her dog having a good go at biting and pulling the tights back. Miraculously, the tights weren’t damaged at all – showing just how resilient this fabric is. Sheertex use patent-pending technology and one of the world’s strongest polymers, which is traditionally used in ballistics and climbing equipment. They’re still soft and stretchy though, so are comfy, too. One reviewer online said: ‘These tights are amazing! The fabric is so strong and you can just tell it’s not going to snag or tear easily, if at all. ‘They provide warmth when it’s cold but don’t feel suffocating when it warms up. The elasticized top is great for shaping and smoothing out my midriff. I love these tights for dancing.’ Other wrote they’d ‘never look back’, believing these to be worth the £51 investment. One shopper said: ‘I stopped buying cheap tights because I got tired of them ripping so quickly. So far these feel very well made, comfy and look cute.’ A long-lasting pair of tights… who’d have thought? Shop Sheertex tights here. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Citrus printed fashion pieces for summer dressing with a twist MORE : Brave six-year-old takes the fashion industry by storm after being born with one arm MORE : V&A to hold its first exhibition on African fashion from the 1950s onwards