Rishi Sunak was mocked by social media users who pointed out an unfortunate spelling mistake at an online hustings event – during which he boasted of being a ‘perfectionist’. The former Chancellor, who is currently the frontrunner in the race to become the next Tory leader, took part in a live question and answer session held by ConservativeHome on Friday. He and his fellow candidates – Liz Truss, Penny Mordaunt, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat – were quizzed by Paul Goodman, the former MP and editor of the right-wing blog. One of the questions put to them asked what their greatness weakness is – and without a hint of irony Mr Sunak replied: ‘Working too hard and being too perfectionist.’ He was quickly ribbed online after people spotted a glaring typo just over his shoulder. Blazoned across the promotional material was a plea to ‘join the campiaign’. British author Tony Lee tweeted: ‘I thought it had to be a joke. I thought it had to be photoshopped. ‘My favourite part is, while this is behind him, he claims he is a ‘perfectionist’. Um…’ Others suggest Mr Sunak should have ‘employed a proof reader’, while another user offered him ‘bottom marks for spelling’. Twitter user @andrew_lilico quipped: ‘Irony: Sunak saying his big weakness is too much attention to detail whilst sitting in front of a QR code about his “CAMPIAIGN”.’ Mr Sunak’s wasn’t the only appearance to hit a bump in the road. The Zoom debate was occasionally marred by the usual tech difficulties. Ms Truss struggled to unmute herself at one point, while she and Ms Badenoch navigated a dodgy signal. In response to being asked their ‘greatness weakness’, Ms Badenoch said hers was ‘allowing my sense of humour to look like I’m flippant about issues’. Ms Truss said she has in the past been ‘excessively over-enthusiastic and sometimes I have to rein myself in’. Mr Tugendhat, who has made his military background a central pillar of his campaign, said: ‘I know this is going to surprise you but I may talk about the Army a little too much, which is possibly a weakness.’ Ms Mordaunt said: ‘I was tempted to say Burmese cats, as I have four and introducing them into No 10 might present some challenges with Larry.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.