A chef has shared how she transformed a McDonald’s meal into a gourmet pasta dish. But her handiwork has left a sour taste with many viewers. Danny Kim, 26, a content creator from Maryland, US, recently challenged chef Amy Brandwein to create tortellini using fast food ingredients. She was then given a Happy Meal box filled with fries, chicken nuggets, sweet and sour sauce and two apple pies – and tasked with completely transforming it. Amy’s concoction has left TikTok users stunned, with the clip racking up more than 1.3 million views. However, many people were enraged by the tiny size of the plate – which is the antithesis of a McDonald’s meal. In the video, Amy starts by blending flour, water, salt, milk and butter, before adding eggs to make a paste. Next, she blitzes the fries in a food processor before adding the paste and a sprinkle of salt and parmesan cheese. Amy then mixes the chicken nuggets with the filling from the apple pies to be used as the filled pasta centre. After, the sweet and sour sauce gets set aside as decoration for the plate, while the apple slices are mixed with water and lemon for a fresh zing. The french fries get made into pommes dauphine – a French meal traditionally made from mashed potatoes and savoury choux pastry. Amy then plates up the dish, adding chopped chives, fresh apple and crispy apple pie crumb. ‘This looks amazing, let’s give it a try,’ she says. She added: ‘Wow, 10/10.’ But, as skilled as it was, TikTok users weren’t sold on the final creation. ‘Bro all that food turned into three pieces of pasta,’ wrote one user. Another said: ‘She lost me when she mixed the apple pie with the chicken nuggets.’ A third viewer commented: ‘Is no one going to talk about how much went into that and how little it was?’ ‘My inner Italian is raging,’ added a fourth TikTok user. Someone else wrote: ‘I mean great job. You really just blended most of it.’ Again referring to its size, another social media user said: ‘Now it looks good and all, however I’m a growing boy and that is not enough even to snack on.’ This isn’t the first time chefs have transformed McDonald’s food into luxury meals – but this attempt didn’t go down so well. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dad gets £100 parking fine after going to McDonald’s twice in one day MORE : McDonald’s is giving away limited-edition summer shirts – with fries and milkshake designs MORE : McDonald’s agrees to pay £1,000,000,000 to avoid tax evasion trial