Deontay Wilder’s manager Shelly Finkel has suggested ‘The Bronze Bomber’ could fight the winner of Oleksandr Usyk vs Anthony Joshua next – and shut down talk of a meeting with Dereck Chisora. The former WBC heavyweight champion has not fought since his knockout defeat to Tyson Fury last October but recently insisted he intends to fight again after considering retirement. The American has been linked with a showdown with Andy Ruiz Jr while Frank Warren, who worked closely with Wilder and his team throughout the Fury trilogy, has suggested he will fight Robert Helenius in October. Usyk and Joshua meanwhile will meet for a second time on 20 August with whoever emerges victorious likely to be in the hunt for a unification showdown with the WBC champion – a belt still in the possession of Fury despite his retirement vow. But should ‘The Gypsy King’ stick to his word and remain on the sidelines, Wilder’s manager Finkel believes his fighter can jump straight in and fight for all the marbles. “Maybe the winner of Usyk and Joshua. I don’t know what Fury is doing? Maybe if Joshua wins it’s a huge fight in the UK (between those two) – there’s so many intangibles so we’re looking to see what happens in that fight,’ Finkel told Planet Sport. ‘I don’t care what Fury says, we’re waiting to see what he really wants to do because if he wants to fight the winner then he’s going to get it. But after that, where are the top guys? ‘There’s only four real top guys in the heavyweights right now – Usyk, Joshua, Fury and Deontay [Wilder].’ Chisora meanwhile ended a three-fight losing streak with a thrilling win over Kubrat Pulev in London last Saturday. ‘Del Boy’ has vowed to continue fighting, insisting he only wants ‘hard fights’ before calling out Wilder. Finkel however suggests there is little interest from their side in a fight with the 37-year-old Briton. ‘Derek Chisora? He just edged a split-decision over Kubrat Pulev, no way,’ Finkel said. Wilder spent months out of the public eye following his defeat to Fury last year but revealed in May he would ‘continue his journey’ in boxing. ‘I can’t stop right now. I must continue with my journey,” Wilder said. ‘I love you guys so much. I can’t end it like this. This journey’s not over with. I must continue my journey.’ MORE : Tyson Fury says he will only fight Anthony Joshua if fight fans can watch it for free at Wembley Stadium MORE : David Haye predicts Anthony Joshua could retire from boxing if he loses his rematch against Oleksandr Uyk For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 