It’s set to be an emotional episode of Love Island tonight as Jacques O’Neill tells Paige Thorne he’s quitting the show. Earlier today it was confirmed that the rugby player, 23, has left the villa after tonight’s teaser suggested he had a fiery row with returning bombshell Adam Collard, 26. A Love Island spokesperson said: ‘Jacques has made the decision to leave the Villa. ‘He will explain his reasons to the Islanders during tonight’s episode. We fully support his decision and look forward to seeing what’s next for Jacques.’ And in tonight’s spoilers, fans will see the moment Jacques breaks the news to current love interest Paige. While gathered round the fire pit, Gemma Owen, 19, tells ex-boyfriend Jacques what Adam had been saying about him. ‘Immature I think it was, something like that,’ she tells him. However, this didn’t set well with Jacques, and he proceeds to walk over to Paige and asks what else Adam has been saying. In a later scene, a teary Jacques is seen with Paige on the terrace and tells her: ‘You mean so much to me, you know that. ‘I just wish I could finish my journey off with you but….’ The camera pans to a devastated Paige, but fans will have to wait to find out why Jacques is leaving. The paramedic, 24, was certainly giddy after her chat with Adam during last night’s episode and revealed she would be open getting to know him. Adam made no secret of the fact that he wants to cause trouble and isn’t afraid to go after what he wants, and we reckon he’s well on his way to accomplishing his missions already. Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans can’t cope as Adam Collard insists he’s ‘a relationship person’ after explosive return MORE : Love Island star furious ‘absolute menace to women’ Adam Collard is actually ‘allowed’ to return to the villa 