We have a highly sophisticated programme of events figured out for you this week… we only hope you’re up to it (and aren’t going to show us up!). There’s the Searcys Champagne Coupé, basically a classic Rolls Royce doling out free champers (you can do that!), cabaret in Soho and on the Southbank, a food and drink festival at the Royal Hospital Chelsea and an event to celebrate the end of the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race. Navy blue should cover all of the above. Keep your eyes peeled today for what’s shaping up to be our favourite car since Penelope Pitstop crashed out of Wacky Races. Yes, it’s the Searcys Champagne Coupé, a classic Rolls Royce loaded with *checks notes* champagne which it will be popping all over London today. It’ll be cruising around Searcys venues like St. Pancras International, Searcys at the Gherkin and 116 Pall Mall and famous landmarks. And anyone who spots the 1935 Rolls Royce Sedanca Deville is up for a complementary glass of bubbly. Make sure you have your camera ready so you can take a picture and redeem your fizz. You can even hire the car for your wedding! We might just hire it full stop. Today, various locations Do you have your stockings rolled down? Your knees rouged? Your feathers in place? Pasties? Then maybe you’re dressed up enough to get down to Bar Louche Soho and their House of Burlesque this Friday where cocktails are served up with a side order of risqué dancers, smooth jazz and improvisation, which sounds like it could get dangerous. And if you turn up early enough (there’s no shame in it: we’ve been known to be knocking on glass doors and theatrically looking at our watches), you’re in the right spot for two-for-one house cocktails, some of which are tequila-based, so watch your step. Especially in those shoes, while dancing to DJ Richio Suzuki and his vintage R&B, soul, funk and disco. Friday, 5 Greek Street, W1 Not only is the Royal Hospital Chelsea one of the most beautiful locations in all of London but with Savour food and drink exhibition, there really is no excuse for not getting down there with an empty stomach and some Rennies in your pocket just in case. With more than thirty chefs, twelve top restaurants – and we’re talking Frenchie, 10 Greek Street, POLPO, top names – and countless bars all representing and putting on their very best show, it’s the place to stuff your face while watching masterclasses, enjoying live music, and generally getting immersed at London’s newest festival. Saturday and Sunday, Royal Hospital Chelsea, SW3 You can hardly ever find it, it’s gorgeous and it is basically the taste of summer and we don’t care what anyone says, even that Olly on Saturday Kitchen who does the wines. It is chilled and sparkling Italian red wine – yes! Red! – and it hits not only the spot, but many spots, especially when sloshed out to accompany some top-level Italian nosh. That’s what will be happening at Cin Cin, the cutest Italian restaurant in Fitzrovia, who are partnering up with L’Occhiolino – only available from Laithwaites, the wine people – for a limited edition brunch affair. Food-wise, expect cured sea trout, courgette flower fritti, Bacon alla Giacomo but make sure you leave plenty of room for that delicious L’Occhiolino. Saturday and Sunday, 21a Foley Street, W1 There’s nothing more glamorous than a beautiful sailing yacht – ask anyone who’s hooked to Below Deck Sailing Yacht. Ask us! Which is why we’ll be putting on sensible shoes and something nautical but nice for the free event surrounding the end of the Clipper Round the World Yacht Race. With music, entertainment, sailing, water sports, DJs… and a spectacular Parade of Sail by the Clipper Race fleet and an official ceremony where the winners get their gongs. There’s even an after party including a performance from – wait for it! – Betty Boo. Doing the Do! If we can’t land a yachtie at this, then there’s no hope for us ever sending in our preference sheets to Below Deck. Saturday, 12-9pm, Royal Docks, E16 Leave it to Hackney Wick to come up with something subtitled ‘Queer Bodies in Electronic Music’. That is so them! And it’s so us! It happens all over Hackney Wick, but it’s not a big spot with all the venues no further than a ten-minute walk from each other, and it features showcases from Adonis, Bitch (excuse our language, it’s what it says here), Jay Jay Revlon Vogue Workshop, Queer House Party… and your ticket gets you entry to all venues so you can hop about to see those Queer Bodies. And yes there are afterparties (what kind of operation do you think they’re running here?). So dance, art, music and party. That is so you! Saturday, various venues in Hackney Wick No, nothing to do with that really nice vanilla-smelling Palmer’s stuff you rub on your heels, this is part of the Southbank Centre’s In the Black Fantastic series and it looks like we should be all over it like, well, cocoa butter. A performance and cabaret company showcasing only the very best in Black, Asian and other performers of colour, you can expect baile funk, UK grime, dancehall, neo soul… all in an outdoor party kind of atmosphere. It lasts four or five hours (don’t worry, you don’t have to just sit and watch) and just as we were thinking even the costumes look worth the price of admission, we find out it’s absolutely free. Sweet! 5.30-10.30pm Friday/2-6pm Saturday, Riverside Terrace Level 2 One thing Ukraine has taught us this year is no matter what they’re going through, there is still time and energy for art and culture… which is where the Ukrainian Freedom Orchestra comes in. Brought together by the Metropolitan Opera in New York and the Polish National Opera, this brand new orchestra includes recently refugeed musicians, Ukrainian members of European orchestras and top musicians from Kviv, Kharkiv, Odesa and the rest of Ukraine. But don’t think you’re just doing someone a good turn going to see their Prom 19A. Oh no. With Chopin, Beethoven and Brahms on the menu, you’re in for a treat. 11am, Sunday, Royal Albert Hall, Kensington Gore, SW7 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This waterside spot in Brentford offers an opportunity to buy in London for less MORE : End of McDonald’s 99p menu? Cheeseburger price rises for first time in 14 years