England’s defence is in for tough night against Germany in the final of the Women’s European Championship, with Alex Scott warning her compatriots of the challenge to come. The eight-time champions booked their spot in Sunday’s final with a 2-1 win over France in Milton Keynes on Wednesday night. Two more goals from Germany’s Alexandra Popp took her to six for the tournament, level with England’s Beth Mead at the top of the scoring charts. Popp is the major threat in the German’s attack,  but Scott has warned England to expect threats from a number of avenues, with their movement into the channels extremely dangerous. ‘It will be a battle for the whole England back line. Germany’s movement into the channels is so good that the whole defence is going to have to be on its game,’ Scott told the BBC. Scott, who won 140 caps for England, loved the match between Germany and France on Wednesday, believing it was the ruthlessness of Popp that made the difference. ‘What a match we have just witnessed,’ she said. ‘The tempo, the skill level, the execution of passes in it from both teams. ‘What it came down to is that this German team are so efficient in everything they do. And when you have a striker like Alexandra Popp, who is ruthless in front of goal and has that cutting edge, that was difference.’ The England vs Germany final is at 5pm on Sunday at Wembley and Scott may not be able to contain her excitement over the next four days. ‘Everyone was talking today and saying “imagine if it is an England v Germany final at Wembley?” Well, it is happening,’ she said. ‘The hype is beginning. I am getting my goosebumps back thinking about what the atmosphere is going to be like on Sunday.’ MORE : Ian Wright makes passionate plea for future of women’s football as Lionesses reach Euros final MORE : Sarina Wiegman and Beth Mead make history as England reach Women’s Euros final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 