We’ve got big lunar news today – there’s a Supermoon tonight. This turbo-charged Full Moon is full of drive and promise for the future, but it might stir up some intense feelings too. Down-in-the-dumps, Virgo? You’ve got the moon to blame – and some emotional issues to confront. Meanwhile the Capricorn lunar aspect could spell a time of achievement for Pisces. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 13, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Feeling emotional? It may be due to the Supermoon in your sector of ambition, especially if changes are afoot and you don’t feel ready for them. You might also be keen to initiate a move should a work situation become untenable. Something good could emerge from this, even if you can’t see it now. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Today’s Supermoon could be the reason a topic of conversation brings up intense feelings. Letting them flow may bring a release and a major shift. You might have discussed this matter often before but right now your perspective could undergo a change. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A sensitive issue could come to a head today and may require you to use your resourcefulness to sort it out. Whatever is going on may not be entirely new. Things can take a different slant if you take responsibility. It could be that’s all it needs for progress to be made and peace restored. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Is someone important to you acting up? Unspoken resentments could come out into the open, where they’ll add to any discomfort you’re feeling. Yet today’s Supermoon is all about helping you move forward. If you’re ready to talk, then you’ll soon be able to pinpoint what’s wrong. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Is the only way out of a situation through a door that you don’t want to open? The frustration and heightened emotion around this matter could reach a peak. And the more you try to resolve this, the more trapped you might feel. There is hope, though, as an intuitive nudge can change everything. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Feel let down by life? It could be easy to wallow in uncomfortable feelings and to let clouds of despondency rain down on you. If you’re wondering why this has happened, then it’s likely down to the Supermoon in Capricorn, which can expose emotions you’ve pushed under the carpet. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The higher you climb, the more certain it is that people close to home might resent your success. Perhaps you’ve had enough of their attitude and are ready to do something about it. It’s time to let them know that you won’t tolerate their pettiness and that you’re sticking with your plans. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Notice your reactions to events, as they may tell you a lot about why a deal isn’t moving forward. Things may even have reached the stage where you’re wondering if they will ever change. A positive Mercury-Uranus link suggests they can with the right approach. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You may be wary of the endless issues around finances. Today’s lunation can lead to a turning point and to things becoming different. Drill down into the detail. Where is your money going? Once you find out, you’ll feel more in control. Ideas to earn extra cash could help you too. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Today’s Supermoon in your sign could help you to see your actions and direction more clearly and this might assist you to make better choices in future. You may be more emotional than usual so be careful when making decisions, especially those that involve others. Wait until you feel more settled. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The turbocharged Full Moon could bring about a breakthrough that allows you to tap into inner treasures, as deep-seated emotions and vivid dreams bring buried riches to your attention. It occurs in a private and spiritual zone, and can be a call to reflect on your priorities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The Supermoon in Capricorn can be like a time of harvest, when you’ll reap the rewards for all your hard work. The effort you’ve put into achieving your goals and making your dreams come true will return to you now. This might also be a time to let go of associations that aren’t really helping you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 10 to July 16 and the second half of 2022 MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you