Chloe Kelly left Euros viewers highly amused after she ditched a microphone mid-interview to go and join her team and belt out Sweet Caroline on the pitch following an epic win. England were celebrating winning their first major trophy since 1966 after beating Germany in the Euro 2022 final at Wembley. Chloe scored the second goal, sparking celebrations through the nation, as she followed Manchester United’s Ella Toone with England’s first goal. In an interview after the win, Chloe had been called to the side by a BBC presenter, but she didn’t stay long before (understandably) throwing her microphone down and running back to join her team. Before bursting into song, she’d looked around to the roaring stadium, saying: ‘Look at them! ‘It’s amazing, honestly! Thank you every single person that got out to support us. ‘This is unreal,’ she added before singing Sweet Caroline into the mic and running off. Viewers were in stitches witnessing her joy, with Channel 5 presenter Dan Walker Tweeting: ‘Magnificent stuff, I’d love to talk to you but… #SweetCaroline #Lionesses #England.’ One fan penned: ‘I love that she was so into it all that she ran off with the microphone,’ while another commented: ‘I was actually thinking at the time that I hoped she’d just go sod it and join in with the chorus, and she only went and did it.’ Someone else joked: ‘Chloe Kelly wins interview of the year!’ ‘Chloe Kelly running off with the mic in an interview to sing Sweet Caroline is the epitome of being British. Love it,’ another fan wrote. The epic win marked not only England’s first major trophy since the men’s team won the World Cup in 1966, but the first time an England team has ever won the European Championships. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : England v Germany player ratings: Ella Toone, Chloe Kelly and Keira Walsh star as Lionesses win Women’s Euro 2022 MORE : Phillip Schofield, Piers Morgan and Tom Grennan lead raucous congratulations as England’s Lionesses beat Germany in historic Euro 2022 win 