Nick Kyrgios brushed off his crushing Wimbledon defeat by partying in a London nightclub, hours after Novak Djokovic took the men’s singles Championship. The Australian tennis star played a stellar set but ultimately fell short of securing his first major title, going down to the Serbian 4-6 6-3 6-4 7-6, with Novak landing his 21st major trophy. While Nick cast doubt on whether he’d be back on Centre Court again, clearly deflated after what was a predictably entertaining appearance from the player – from shouting obscenities to his team sat in the player’s box to demanding a woman be ejected from the court – he was seen in a London club just hours later. And still with his Wimbledon dress code-flouting red cap, of course. In clips posted by 27-year-old Nick’s girlfriend Costeen Hatzi and his sister Halimah, the crew partied at nightclub Wyld, with models dressed in tennis-themed outfits holding up several bottles of champagne adorned with sparklers as the tennis player looked on. Wearing a black hooded sweater and still donning his favourite cap, Nick was seen turning to his girlfriend, who had been a rock to the athlete throughout his Wimbledon campaign. In clips shared to Instagram, Costeen, 21, was seen partying with Nick’s sister Halimah, joking she was a ‘bad influence’ as she held up bottles of Belvedere vodka and Don Julio tequila. Ahead of their final, Novak and Nick had joked about their unlikely bromance, with the Wimbledon champ writing on Instagram: ‘If you are inviting me for drinks or dinner, I accept. ‘P.S. winner of tomorrow pays.’ Nick had replied: ‘Deal, let’s go to a nightclub and go nuts.’ It wasn’t entirely clear whether or not Novak was in the club ‘going nuts’ alongside the runner-up, especially seeing as it was his wedding anniversary with wife Jelena Djokovic yesterday, but it was clear Team Kyrgios was having a wow of a time all the same. On Sunday Novak registered victory over four sets to clinch his seventh Wimbledon trophy – and fourth in a row – to take his major title count up to 21. It was a debut Grand Slam final for Nick, with the world No.40 producing a strong performance and winning the first set on Centre Court. The pair had only met twice before this meeting, with Nick winning in straight sets on both occasions. Novak and Nick once had a frosty relationship, but the 35-year-old Serbian had nothing but love for the Australian in his post-match interview. ‘Nick, you’ll be back. Not just at Wimbledon, but in [Grand Slam] finals,’ he said. ‘I know it’s tough to find consolation words after a tough loss like this, but you showed why you deserve to be one of the best players in the world. ‘Particularly on this surface. Congratulations to your team for an amazing tournament, I wish you all the best man. ‘I really respect you a lot. I think you are a phenomenal tennis player, an amazing talent. Everything is starting to come together for you. ‘I never thought I would say so many nice things about you, considering our relationship! Okay, it’s officially a bromance.’ Asked if he would go to a nightclub with Nick afterwards, Novak said: ‘I didn’t respond to that because my wife was next to me! Let’s start with dinner and drinks, and then we will see.’ MORE : Nick Kyrgios insists ‘absolutely smashed’ Wimbledon fan didn’t cost him the final against Novak Djokovic MORE : ‘Best result of my career!’ – Nick Kyrgios upbeat despite losing Wimbledon final Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.