The Heartstopper cast were already our fave people, but watching them dance in front of anti-LGBTQ+ protestors at London Pride will make you love them even more. Thousands of LGBTQ+ people and allies have taken to the streets of the capital today to mark the 50th Pride in London, donning their brightest colours and expressing themselves in the boldest ways. Sadly, a group of protestors also decided to show up, waving signs with anti-gay messages on, trying to prevent the community from celebrating. But, the people of London were not prepared for the protestors to dull their sparkle, as one youngster approached the elderly men at the railings and tried to grab his sign. As he did this, I Wanna Dance With Somebody by Whitney Houston blasted over the speakers, with the cast of Netflix’s Heartstopper enjoying a joyous boogie and flipping off the protestors. It truly was a sight to behold, as Joe Locke (who plays Charlie Spring) and Sebastian ‘Bash’ Croft (Ben Hope) jumped around wearing rainbow flags, waving middle fingers and blowing sarcastic kisses to the group. Watching on was Kit Connor (who plays Nick Nelson), who was seen clapping and filming what can only be described as iconic behaviour. Those weren’t the only three cast members at Pride today, as it seemed to be a Heartstopper fest with Tobie Donovan (Isaac Henderson), Kizzy Edgell (Darcy Olsson), Corinna Brown (Tara Jones), Rhea Norwood (Imogen Heaney), and Jenny Walser (Tori Spring) also marching through the streets with colourful face paint and vibrant outfits. After trolling the protestors, the cast rejoined the march, where they were greeted by rapturous applause and cheers. Elsewhere in the parade, Kit sweetly carried Joe on his back and the pair held hands as they smiled and waved at supporters, much to the delight of fans as the scene was very reminiscent of a Heartstopper illustration that creator Alice Oseman drew for Pride in 2019, showing Charlie in a piggyback. Joe told BBC recently that this is his first Pride ever and he finds it ‘very, very surreal’ to be ‘celebrating being queer when the world might not be so accepting.’ He added that it was ‘such an honour’ to be involved in the special day. Heartstopper has been renewed for two more seasons with filming for S2 expected to start later this year. As for Pride, this year marks five decades since the first Pride took place in the UK, with the first big event taking place down south since the pandemic hit. Pride in London is an opportunity for queer folk and allies to protest for change and progress, while also promoting visibility and celebrating individuality. London’s first Pride was led by the Gay Liberation Front in 1972. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The best Pride events taking place across the England and Wales MORE : LGBT couple who adopted three children with disabilities urges others to do same  