Sun, sea, sand and sunscreen – all key components for a perfect holiday, but all can damage your jewellery, too. If you’re looking to wear your best jewellery while abroad, you’ll need to take extra steps to care for it. Sarah Rowlands, from Pandora UK, says there are simple but crucial things to do to protect items against suncream, chlorine, sweat, and more. We all know not to wear jewellery in water, as Sarah warns: ‘Salt water and chlorine are harsh chemicals that can cause erosion, and exposure to these chemicals could weaken precious metal and cause your jewellery to break.’ But what else do you need to keep in mind? This is the safest way to clean jewellery if it does encounter the sea, sand, and suncream. Sarah says: ‘Your jewellery should never encounter agents such as perfume, salty air, skin creams, and chlorine. ‘If this is the case, simply clean your jewellery using lukewarm soapy water and a soft brush, but always ensure the jewellery is never submerged.’ This helps remove any grime without causing further damage. Sunlight gives jewellery an extra sparkle, but just as our faces need protection from UV rays, so do our pretty bracelets, necklaces, rings and earrings. Sarah says: ‘We should always ensure that our jewellery is not exposed to UV light, natural sunlight, or heat. ‘Exposure to UV light can cause discolouration and may even lead to fast deterioration of jewellery. ‘This means we should take extra care and remove jewellery if sunbathing, or when in the sun for prolonged periods of time’ When packing, it’s all about saving space. Sarah says: ‘Aside from using a protective, lined jewellery box, we can also store our jewellery in a plastic zip lock bag, made from either mylar or polyethylene. ‘This is handy for holidaymakers who might want to save space in their luggage, yet this will also prevent your jewellery from scratching, tangling while travelling, and reduces exposure to air which could tarnish the quality.’ When staying somewhere new (with your usual storage places gone), you might find yourself placing items in different spaces. But Sarah advises to not put jewellery in a bathroom. ‘This is because the humidity encourages oxidisation which leads to jewellery losing its shine, and colour,’ she says. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Easy hack shows how to clean jewellery with baking soda MORE : Ocean-inspired 90s jewellery is back for SS22 – here are the pieces to shell out on MORE : Woman’s best friend stole £16,000 of jewellery from her blind aunt, 102