Tyrone Mings it will be an honour to be captained by John McGinn after he was stripped of the Aston Villa captaincy by his manager Steven Gerrard. The England international, who was part of Gareth Southgate’s squad at last summer’s European Championships, suffered a dip in form after Gerrard replaced Dean Smith at Villa Park. Mings has played a pivotal role in helping the Midlands club reestablish themselves as a Premier League club since their promotion three years ago, but he now faces a battle to maintain his place in the side after losing the armband. Despite suffering that ignominy, Mings insists he has no issue with Gerrard’s decision and believes McGinn’s promotion is fully merited. He wrote on Twitter: ‘For me this isn’t about John or I, it’s about what’s right for Aston Villa. I have no issues with the managers decision; I’ve loved leading this team. ‘Anyone who knows @jmcginn7 knows how infectious he is and it will be an honour to play underneath his captaincy.’ Gerrard hinted he was ready to demote the struggling centre-half last season and as well as increased responsibility for McGinn, Emi Martinez and Ashley Young will step up to the role of vice captains. ‘Naturally, I have had to have a discussion with Tyrone Mings and have explained my reasons for making this decision,’ Gerrard revealed. ‘More importantly, I believe that not having the responsibility of the captaincy will allow Tyrone to focus more on his own game which can only benefit him and the team.’ Mings has two years remaining on his contract at Villa Park and faces a fight to retain an automatic starting spot, with summer signing Diego Carlos joining Mings, Ezri Konsa and Calum Chambers in the centre-back positions. Explaining the thinking behind McGinn’s new role, meanwhile, Gerrard added: ‘John has demonstrated that he is ready to take on the captaincy through his performances on the pitch combined with his attitude and application in training.’ ‘He is a popular member of the dressing room who sets high standards and expectations of himself. ‘Emi is a respected senior member of the squad while Ashley Young’s experience speaks for itself and he is the perfect ambassador for the first team.’ MORE : Jurgen Klopp defends Darwin Nunez after difficult night in Liverpool loss to Salzburg MORE : Jurgen Klopp confirms injury kept Kostas Tsimikas out of Liverpool friendly with Salzburg For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 