Today is all about sitting on the edge of change and making the right decisions about how to best move forward. It could be a case of going with the flow, or perhaps it’s time to recalibrate and work out a better way to be. Whatever you do, listen to your gut. Let curiosity lead the way, Taurus. Cancer, it’s time to set some firm boundaries. It’s your lucky day, Virgo. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 21, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 The focus on your domestic sector is almost over, so if you feel an urge for a good clearout, you could become ruthless regarding what you keep and what you throw away. This may be an opportunity to get to grips with paper piles that have become so familiar, you hardly notice them. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Is a personal plan floundering due to outdated thinking? The Moon in your sign aligns with proactive Mars and inspired Uranus, so let your curiosity lead the way. If you need fresh input then go where your interest takes you and perhaps attend a social event. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Staying power may be needed to resolve a money matter. And the more determined you are not to give up, the more you’ll be looking for solutions. But however far along you are, support is at hand, especially if you ask for it and willingly follow through with any good advice shared. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Someone’s influence may be waning, giving you more opportunity to build on your plans rather than adjust them to suit another. Getting to this stage might not have been easy, though, and has likely meant being very honest about your feelings. Be true to yourself and set firmer boundaries. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may be wondering about the best way to make progress. It likely requires some thought and might be more complicated than simply doing more work. It’s possible that certain ideas have become ingrained, requiring a shift so that you can see things from a more imaginative angle. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 It’s time to see the bigger picture and take steps in a direction that is different from anything you have tried before. You may have felt a push to explore new options recently. The Moon’s links to Mars and Uranus in a far-reaching zone suggest you might be lucky. Dare to ask for what you want. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If you’re feeling overwhelmed by an issue then lively lunar ties urge you to let it all go and focus on making the most of the day. What seemed so important yesterday may soon appear less so. Nevertheless, there might be one step that you need to take soon for closure. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 It could be time for a revolution in your thinking so that you are no longer stuck in the same mental grooves. You cannot solve a problem on the same level that it exists, so a change in your mental landscape can give you fresh alternatives that may help you to flourish. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Additional insights can help you make the best of your resources and find skilful means of using what you have to good effect. You’ll need to play your hand even more shrewdly. But there might also be wisdom in making the most of another’s advice rather than relying on your own thinking. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If there are lingering emotions around a personal issue then you may be tempted to share them, especially if you’ve kept quiet so far. Is this wise? It’s possible that once you get started, you might say far more than intended due to holding back for so long. And this could be a game-changer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A desire to raise your game and fulfil more of your potential could see you looking for ways to improve yourself. The ongoing presence of Pluto in a spiritual sector may have encouraged you to delve into self-help books or perhaps to hire a mentor who can guide you in the right direction. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You have a simple decision to make. Either you work with others and get things done or you work alone and get bogged down. You may have an imaginative take on things that often brings great ideas and results but this time you’ll likely need other people’s experience and advice. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 17 to July 23 and Mercury's move into Leo MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you