Kylie Minogue and Jason Donovan have given fans a first glimpse of their return to Neighbours and our hearts are full. The legendary duo, who kickstarted their careers on the Aussie soap, reprised their iconic roles of Charlene and Scott Robinson for the show’s final episode, in scenes which will air later this month. Much of the information surrounding their return has been kept under wraps, but both Kylie and Jason have now shared a first look at what’s to come. ‘Now we’re back together,’ wrote Kylie on Twitter, making reference to her and Jason’s legendary hit Especially For You. The Can’t Get You Out of My Head hitmaker posted pictures of she and co-star Jason on the Ramsay Street, dressed in Charlene and Scott’s signature attire. Kylie previously discussed her return, saying: ‘It was lovely and emotional. Driving into Ramsay Street was quite something’ She told Today Extra: ‘Firstly, where’s all that time gone? Secondly, everything looks exactly the same. Thirdly, Scott, Charlene, Jane, Harold – it all just came flooding back! ‘There was a lot of talking about memories and going back in time.’ Kylie and Jason’s return was first announced in May. A statement by soap boss Jason Herbison was then shared to Twitter, as he revealed that the programme was ‘thrilled’ to be welcoming them back. ‘Scott and Charlene are the ultimate Neighbours couple and it would not feel right to end the show without them,’ the executive producer commented. ‘We are thrilled that Jason and Kylie have come home to play a very special part in our series finale… It has been an emotional experience for them, for us and I’m sure it will be for our viewers.’ Neighbours airs weekdays at 1:45pm and 6pm on Channel 5. If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage. MORE : Neighbours spoilers: Pictures reveal first look at second last week as Nicolette and Kiri finally get together? MORE : Neighbours spoilers: Chloe Brennan to exit before finale as she makes a huge decision about her future?