The Brexit divorce bill will cost each taxpayer on average £305 more than previously expected, according to new government figures. An ‘updated estimate’ of the settlement agreed as part of Boris Johnson’s exit deal was quietly published on Thursday. It says the overall bill is now £42.5 billion, equivalent to £1,296 for each working adult in the UK. The update was issued as MPs headed off for summer recess by the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Simon Clarke. He compared the new figure to the ‘original range’ of £35-39 billion which government came up with after agreeing the nuts and bolts of the exit bill under Theresa May in 2017, which did not change when Mr Johnson took over. That would amount to a smaller but still significant increase of £4 billion. But the Office for Budget Responsibility put the figure at £32.9 billion when Britain left the EU in January 2020. Compared to that figure, the new estimate is nearly £10 billion higher. The difference is mainly due to an increase in how much the UK has to pay towards EU pensions. The government agreed to pay off its share of the pensions owed to British officials and MEPs who worked in Brussels, as well as fees linked to the transition period and EU research and education programmes. The pension costs, which are linked to the cost of living in Belgium, have increased, partly due to soaring inflation, by between £2 billion and £4.7 billion. They will be spread out until a cut-off date of 2064. In addition to the divorce bill, the government is thought to have spent around £8 billion on exit preparations, bringing the total direct cost to the taxpayer to over £1,500 each. On top of that, leading economists say the post-Brexit regime which Mr Johnson steered the country towards has left everyone worse off by damaging trade. Estimates published last month by the Centre for European Reform suggest the UK economy was around £31 billion (5%) smaller by the end of last year than it would have been if it had stayed in the EU’s customs union and single market. The long-term effects on wages and productivity will leave the average worker £470 a year worse off by 2030, according to another report by the Resolution Foundation think tank. Mr Clarke also said the Treasury will no longer published centralised estimates of the divorce bill. This means that further rises will only be apparent by combing through the accounts of individual government departments. In a statement, the Treasury said: ‘The true cost of the settlement is confirmed when payments are made, based on the value at the time.  The Treasury continues to monitor and verify these payments in line with the negotiated agreement. ‘The unprecedented recent rise in inflation and changes in discount rates have increased our pensions liability, which is the biggest reason for the increased estimate.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.