It’s official, Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope have dropped the L-bomb! The pair recently joined the Love Island exclusives club after making their relationship official, and now they’ve stepped it up a notch once again by saying that very important word. Chatting alone in the kitchen in Monday’s episode, Indiyah quizzed Dami on his true feelings for her and whether he’s considered telling her he loves her. ‘Why don’t you say it then?’ she asked. Dami admitted: ‘I’m waiting for the perfect moment.’ ‘The perfect moment is when you feel to say it… why didn’t you say it?’ she retorted. Dami added: ‘I thought about it, it was between kisses. I just didn’t say it out loud…’ But, before we knew what was happening, they were confessing their love for one another and sharing a smooch. ‘I do love you though’, Dami confessed, ‘I actually love you’. ‘Really?’ Indiyah questioned, before saying: ‘I love you too’. Viewers went all warm and mushy inside after the sweet exchange, taking to Twitter to squeal over their love for the couple. ‘Dami and Indiyah’s I love you scene was so sweet and genuine it was just a random intimate moment between them they’ve melted me’, one fan tweeted. Another tweeted: ‘dami and indiyah saying they love each other is so sweet I love them together’. ‘It was so real and genuine, you can tell they really care for each other’, another wrote in response. Later in the beach hut, Indiyah told cameras: ‘To hear the L word, it was a very nice feeling. Yeah, like, when he said it, I can’t help but smile and be happy. I do feel exactly the same. It was really nice, it was really sweet, and I did love it.’ Just days ago, Indiyah and Dami officially became boyfriend and girlfriend after spending an intimate night together in the hideaway. Just before the lights switched out, Indiyah told Dami: ‘You’re now actually my boyfriend.’ Dami gave his sign of approval, as Indiyah then reminded him: ‘You still have to ask properly, but yeah.’ They revealed the news to their fellow Islanders the following morning, joining the likes of Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Plage, and Gemma Owen and Luca Bish, who have also given their couplings the exclusive title. Love Island continues on Tuesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu proved herself wrong – she is by far the best friend in Love Island MORE : Love Island USA: Valerie Bragg dumped from villa after Tyler Radziszewski recouples with Sereniti Springs  