Ozzy Osbourne is back to his old tricks after undergoing life-changing surgery, as he unceremoniously cancelled his interview with Piers Morgan at the very last minute. The Black Sabbath rocker was due to appear on TalkTV’s Piers Morgan Uncensored on Thursday to discuss his recent health battle and promote his new music alongside wife Sharon Osbourne. It would have been Ozzy’s first TV interview since testing positive for Covid earlier this year and having major surgery to correct an issue with his neck stemming from injuries related to his quad bike crash in 2017. Piers, 57, was naturally excited to have his old friend on the show and had spent much of the evening hyping up Ozzy’s appearance. However, it seems the musician left it to the final minute to decide he wasn’t going to appear as Piers was shocked when Sharon turned up on-screen alone. ‘Now I’ve spent the past 20 minutes boasting about the fact that it was going to be you and he’s done a runner,’ an unimpressed Piers told his good friend Sharon. Refusing to sugarcoat her husband’s antics, former X Factor judge Sharon replied bluntly: ‘He’s a bastard tonight let me tell you. Now he’s back walking he’s a diva. Before it was like the nicest guy, “Please help me do this, do that”, now he’s walking he’s like “I don’t want to do it. I’m not this”. ‘He’s a diva again. He thinks he’s bloody Beyonce!’ Piers finally broke out into a laugh and admitted: ‘Well I quite like the fact he’s a diva again because it means he’s healthy again at least.’ Sharon, 69, later went on to reveal how Ozzy, 73, is recovering after undergoing the surgery. ‘It’s three and a half years of just nightmare but there’s light now as hes walking again,’ she told Piers. ‘There’s no pain – [although] he’s a pain in my arse – the last operation fixed all the pain. It’s like lifting a new weight off him. She continued: ‘He’s loving life right now.’ Sharon confirmed Ozzy would ‘definitely’ return to touring next year and admitted ‘it’s a miracle’ given his spate of health problems, and likened him to an ‘iron man’ much like his song. ‘He comes back over and over again,’ she said, adding: ‘It’s not just me it’s the whole family because you’re always on edge, every time he’d cough or try to stumble. ‘It’s all behind us.’ Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weeknights on TalkTV at 8pm. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears wakes up in London and poses for nude photo shoot after tropical honeymoon with husband Sam Asghari MORE : Harry Styles unleashes rage on Florence Pugh as idyllic on-screen marriage begins to crack in disturbing new trailer for Don’t Worry Darling 