Boris Johnson’s government is on the verge of collapse after he admitted making a ‘mistake’ over Chris Pincher. The prime minister is hanging on by a thread after finally being forced to admit he knew about sexual misconduct claims surrounding the MP when he made him deputy chief whip. Chancellor Rishi Sunak and health secretary Sajid Javid have both resigned over the scandal, moves which could trigger a wave of exits and Mr Johnson’s resignation. Number 10’s story has unraveled today after an astonishing intervention by a former senior civil servant who undermined the PM’s story. A minister was forced to admit Mr Johnson had been told about an allegation, contrary to their claims, insisting the PM had simply forgot he was informed in 2019. But appearing on camera to address the furore for the first time, he conceded Mr Pincher should have been sacked from the government after the 2019 incident which saw him investigated by the Foreign Office. The prime minister sought to come clean about the whole affair – but it wasn’t enough to stop two of his most senior ministers walking away. Asked if it was an error to appoint Mr Pincher to the government, the prime minister said: ‘I think it was a mistake and I apologise for it. In hindsight it was the wrong thing to do. ‘I apologise to everybody who has been badly affected by it. I want to make absolutely clear that there’s no place in this government for anybody who is predatory or who abuses their position of power.’ Speaking to reporters in his Commons office he did not deny joking: ‘Pincher by name, Pincher by nature’. He said: ‘What I can tell you is that, if I look at the background of this and why I regret it so much, is that about three years ago there was a complaint made against Chris Pincher in the Foreign Office, the complaint was cleared up, he apologised. ‘It was raised with me, orally, I was briefed on what had happened. If I had my time again I would think back on it and recognise that he wasn’t going to learn a lesson and he wasn’t going to change and I regret that.’ He denied lying to aides about what he knew after Number 10’s story collapsed entirely, one several ministers pushed in public. Asked if he misled them, Mr Johnson said: ‘No and let me explain what happened. We are talking about a series of appointments over seven years. ‘Chris Pincher came into government as deputy chief whip before I became prime minister, he was move to the Foreign Office, he then went on to be a minister for housing and we then moved him back to be deputy chief whip. ‘About two and a half years ago I got this complaint, it was something that was only raised with me very cursorily but I wish that we had, I in particular, had acted on it and that he had not continued in government because he then went on, I’m afraid, to behave, as far as we can see, according to the allegations that we have, very, very badly. ‘I’m sorry for those who have been badly affected by it.’ Mr Pincher, who said in a statement he is receiving medical help, has denied allegations made against him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.