A son who murdered both his parents at their home by stabbing them hundreds of times has been jailed for 27 years. Lee Tipping, 36, broke down the bedroom door where his parents had installed a lock on the evening of the killings. Anthony Tipping, 60, and Patricia Livesey, 57, had been out for a drink with family members that evening when they received a call from their son telling them he had broken into their bedroom on November 19 last year. A court heard how Patricia seemed ‘anxious’ about the situation, and told her sister: ‘This could be my last gin’. That night, Tipping stabbed her 153 times, including 67 times in the chest, 39 in the abdomen, 10 in the neck and three times around the eyes. He stabbed his father more than 130 times, including at least 65 times in the chest and 15 times in the abdomen. Anthony also suffered a number of ‘very unusual’ injuries to his genital area, believed to have been inflicted after his death. Tipping had claimed these wounds were caused by him ‘chucking’ a knife at his father, but pathologist Dr Alison Armor said this did not line up with the evidence. She had told the court: ‘There are five stab wounds. Two of these stab wounds needed force to inflict. ‘The other wounds are caused by a slashing motion which is inconsistent with a single “chuck”.’ Both parents had also been beaten before they died, with Patricia suffering a black eye and a shoulder injury consistent with being hit with a blunt weapon. The court heard Patricia, of Higher Walton in Lancashire, had texted her sister ‘please God, I hope someone will help us’ on the night of the attack. After a four week trial, Tipping, who claimed he had acted in self defence, was found guilty of two counts of murder. The court heard how he stopped taking medication for schizophrenia before he died. His parents had been out to a pub with Patricia’s sister Catherine Riding and her husband Martin. Mrs Riding said: ‘She didn’t want to go home. She’d never really said that before. I said why, and she said she just didn’t want to go home. So I knew there was something.’ Shortly after arriving home, at around 11.30pm, Patricia texted Mrs Riding: ‘OK, I’ll probably not sleep, he’s being a f***ing shit.’ Ten minutes later, she texted: ‘Please God, I hope someone will help us.’ The following day, when Patricia did not arrive at her mum’s house for dinner, Mrs Riding and her other sister, Pauline Haworth, visited the house to see if she was ok. They called 999 at 1.43pm on November 20 and the couple’s bodies were found upstairs later that day, after police broke down a side door. After killing his parents, Tipping booked a flight to Rome and drove to Manchester Airport, where he checked into a nearby hotel under a fake name, the court heard. He was arrested by armed police at the hotel and detained under the Mental Health Act and taken to Guild Lodge, a secure psychiatric unit on the outskirts of Preston, where he remained until the start of his trial. He told police his father had been ‘bullying him all his life’ and was ‘a monster’ who would ‘fight to the death’. Tipping admitted to killing his parents but denied murder, claiming self-defence and loss of control against his father and loss of control in relation to the death of his mother. Handing down the sentence, Mr Justice Goose said the violence used by Tipping was ‘savage and extreme’. He said he took into account Tipping’s mental health condition but noted he had stopped taking his medication and did not seek help when he started to feel his condition was deteriorating. Det Chief Insp Jill Johnston, of the Force Major Investigation Team, said after the sentencing: ‘I welcome the life sentence handed down to Lee Tipping by the courts, which reflects the seriousness of his offending and was aggravated by his lack of remorse. ‘Although no sentence can and will never make up for the horrific, sustained and violent attack Lee subjected his parents to, I hope that Tricia and Anthony’s families and friends get some sense of closure knowing that this case has now come to a conclusion. ‘They have remained incredibly dignified throughout this investigation and my thoughts remain with them at this very difficult time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.