Molly-Mae Hague is dropping some truth bombs as she reacted to the frankly pearl-clutching scenes we’re witnessing from the boys of Love Island this week. The girls of the villa were carted off to Casa Amor last week to meet a gaggle of new men vying for their attention, while in the main villa the OG guys were greeted by a bunch of potential love interests. And while the girls of Casa Amor are taking a little bit longer to warm to the new fellas, as they continue to think about their paramours back in the villa, their lads are, in the wise words of Jacques O’Neill, ‘cracking on’. Viewers have been taken aback at the scenes this week, with Andrew Le Page all ‘Tasha Ghouri who?’ and lodging his tongue down Coco Lodge’s gullet. Dami Hope also seems to have forgotten about the graft he put in to get Indiyah Polack as he snogs Summer Botwe. In what will be a blow to Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Davide Sanclimenti is also making out with basically everyone in his quest to find his one true love. While some of the women are also starting to make their own connections away from their villa partners, with Tasha kissing Billy Brown in last night’s episode and Indiyah encouraged to explore a potential romance with Deji Adeniyi, the guys in the main villa are charging ahead all in the name of ‘tests’. And reacting to what she was seeing, Molly-Mae, who found love with Tommy Fury in the villa in 2019, was aghast. In a small Q&A with her Instagram followers on Tuesday night, the Pretty Little Thing Creative Director was asked for her thoughts on Casa Amor so far. She wrote: ‘I watched last nights episode and my head fell off. ‘I’ve been staying up to date through social media so I knew that most people were in ‘some sort of couple. Then last night everyone was getting with other people or saying they’d forgotten about their person back home. ‘WILD behaviour. [sic]’ We have to agree with you there, Molly! A couple of days ago, most of the couples seemed to be in a good place, but the show has proved time and time again that things can change in a blink of an eye. After declaring it was time to ‘test’ his connection with Paige Thorne (the boys are really loving that word this season) Jacques spent last night’s episode getting to know Mollie Salmon and Cheyanne Kerr – will one of them sway him from Paige? Dami struck up a romance with newcomer Summer Botwe and during Monday’s episode, Davide turned to Dami while sitting with him and Jacques, telling him: ‘I feel you are in trouble.’ Meanwhile, in Casa Amor, after Danica Taylor encouraged Indiyah and Tasha to explore their possibilities, Tasha decided to give Billy a chance after revealing she was initially ‘drawn to his banter.’ Seizing an opportunity for a kiss, Billy highlighted they have only locked lips during a challenge, however, Billy picked up Tasha’s hint and leaned in. ‘He did go in for a kiss,’ she said in the Beach Hut. ‘Very interesting, I don’t know where my head is at, I’m not going to lie.’ Love Island continues tonight 9pm on ITV2. MORE : Love Island’s Jacques O’Neill shares sneaky smooch with Cheyanne Kerr after declaring to ‘test’ Paige Thorne romance MORE : ‘Gemma Owen reminds me of myself on the show’: Amber Gill talks Love Island 2022 cast and ‘subconscious’ link to debut novel Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.