Former President Donald Trump has threatened to sue CNN for calling his false claims around the 2020 election ‘lies’ and labeling him a ‘liar’. ‘I have notified CNN of my intent to file a lawsuit over their repeated defamatory statements against me,’ said Trump through his Save America PAC on Wednesday afternoon. ‘I will also be commencing actions against other media outlets who have defamed me and defrauded the public regarding the overwhelming evidence of fraud throughout the 2020 Election.’ Dated July 21, the 282-page letter from Trump’s lawyers to CNN executives demands that the TV network retract and correct multiple stories and on-air statements about the ex-president that they claim are defamatory. The letter cites dozens of instances in which CNN called Trump’s claims around the election ‘lies’, ‘false narratives’, ‘baseless theories’ and other similar phrases. Such characterizations are ‘false and defamatory’ partly because Trump genuinely believes that the presidential election was stolen from him, the letter states. The letter alleges that CNN rushed ‘to label President Trump a liar’ and that its ‘branding of President Trump as a liar extends to likening him to Nazis and Communists’. It also claims that CNN’s new chairman and CEO Chris Licht held a conference call with the network’s top producers in June, expressing displeasure with its journalists describing Trump’s belief as the ‘Big Lie’. ‘Since then, CNN’s on-air personalities – including John King, Jake Tapper, John Avlon, Brianna Keilar, Don Lemon, and Jeffrey Toobin, among others – have continued to use the phrase in describing President Trump’s subjective state of mind despite an apparent admonition from their Chief Executive Officer,’ the letter states. CNN did not immediately comment on the lawsuit threat. Trump vowed in his statement, ‘I will never stop fighting for the truth and for the future of our Country!’ Numerous lawsuits that have been filed alleging widespread fraud in the 2020 election have been dismissed due to a lack of evidence, even by judges who were appointed by Trump. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.