Ben Males loves to treat his guinea pigs to the finer things in life. The 26-year-old TikToker, from Wales, has five pets in total – called Frankie, Peanut, Hugo, Paco and Baby Moose – and spends around £1,000 a year on their luxury lifestyle. When Ben first purchased the creatures in 2017 he had all the supplies he needed – but he was determined to make their lives as comfortable as possible. As a result, the AV technician began researching and joined multiple groups on social media, as well as ringing experts who informed him that most store-bought cages are ‘too small’ for pets. After this revelation, the TikToker rescued as many guinea pigs as possible until he had nine in total running around – and even dedicated an entire room in his two-bed home to his pets. He’s now urging others to take more consideration into their animals’ living conditions – comparing their cages to ‘box rooms.’ The 26-year-old says: ‘They live up to seven years in this one space, it’s like imagining living in a box room as a studio flat. ‘People should certainly look at sizing up their set ups for sure, as at the end of the day, that cage is the pet’s whole home. ‘It’s really hard to put a price on quality of life and I’ve spent this much because pet store cages are cruel. ‘[After] we bought a two-bed flat, the idea of giving the guinea pigs their own room came about. ‘The benefits to your pets’ lives are astronomical – it can help prevent medical conditions such as heart disease which in turn makes for much cheaper vet bills. ‘Honestly, the bigger the better.’ When lockdown hit, Ben started making a TikTok account (@benpiggies) –  to share how he cares for his beloved pets. Naturally, other users have voiced their opinions on the guinea pigs having their own room. ‘I wish I had a three-bed house, not for kids but Guinea babies. Got my priorities right,’ said one person. But others have been more critical. While another added: ‘Bigger room than I had growing up.’ ‘Ok I’ll buy a mansion for them too while we’re at it,’ said someone else. Ben stands by his decision and says, while negative comments got to him at first, he’s now glad he’s even managed to educate people on care. ‘At first, [the negative comments] did get to me a bit, until someone pointed out that the only reason people are seeing it as odd, is because it’s not a dog,’ he continues. ‘My mum used to have a dog room and I see these things as normal. ‘I go to bed knowing they have a great set up and I’ve been told it’s inspired so many people to re-evaulate their care. ‘Improvements never need to be expensive and it’s all about doing what you can, with the resources you have. ‘There’s a hundred different ways to look after a pet in the best possible way.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to get your puppy used to being home alone: Tips from a training expert MORE : How to train your puppy not to bark MORE : How to stop your puppy from crying at night