The nominations for the 2022 Emmy Awards have been revealed, with shows including Succession, Euphoria and Squid Game leading the way with an array of nods across the categories. While Stranger Things has received its fair share, boasting 13 nominations for this year’s ceremony, several of the show’s actors have been left out – and fans are absolutely furious. In season 4, Sadie Sink gave one of the standout performances as Max Mayfield, turning to the power of Kate Bush’s Running Up That Hill while fleeing for her life away from the deadly Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower). Meanwhile, Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) sought a way to reclaim her powers, resulting in an unwelcome reunion with Dr Brenner (Matthew Modine) in a secret lab, delving deep into her traumatic childhood memories. Despite the critical acclaim both of the actresses have received around the world for their performances in the latest episodes, they were omitted from being nominated, in a move that has angered fans. ‘Sadie Sink and Millie Bobby Brown were robbed, they deserved that #Emmys nomination,’ one person tweeted. ‘You’re telling me that Millie Bobby Brown and Sadie Sink DIDN’T get Emmy nominations?? Wack,’ another remarked. Someone else wrote: ‘Okay but it’s a little crazy that Millie Bobby Brown & Sadie Sink didn’t get nominated for this season you cannot deny that those girls are very talented & killed it this season.’ One person pointed out everything that Eleven and Max went through in season four, writing: ‘Eleven didn’t relive her trauma and Max didn’t almost die for Millie Bobby Brown and Sadie Sink not to be nominated for Emmy.’ ‘GIVE MILLIE BOBBY BROWN AND SADIE SINK THEIR EMMYS NOW!!!’ someone else demanded. ‘Millie Bobby Brown and Sadie Sink literally gave a performance of a lifetime but wasn’t able to secure EMMY noms… @TelevisionAcad needs to redo the noms again cuz this ain’t it,’ another stated. Several fans also expressed their belief that Lucas actor Caleb McLaughlin should have also received a nomination, after he heartbreakingly fought for Max and held her in his arms following her battle with Vecna. Other Stranger Things actors to receive shoutouts from viewers who believed they deserved to be recognised at the ceremony included Dustin actor Gaten Matarazzo, Henry Creel star Jamie Campbell Bower and Eddie actor Joseph Quinn. Stranger Things is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The complete list of Emmy Awards 2022 nominations, from Stranger Things to Squid Game as Succession scores 25 nods MORE : Stranger Things hero Max Mayfield originally killed off in season 4 finale: ‘It was discussed’ 