Michael Gove has reportedly been made ‘homeless’ by Boris Johnson, just days after he was dramatically sacked. A wave of resignations rocked the Tory party last week, but Mr Gove bucked the trend by being fired rather than stepping down voluntarily. The former levelling up secretary was said to have ordered Mr Johnson to quit by 9pm on Wednesday. The prime minister responded by firing the 54-year-old at 8.58pm. But Mr Gove not only lost his job, he also lost his home in his tussle with the Mr Johnson. The Sunday Mirror reports that he has been ousted from his £25 million ‘grace and favour’ apartment near Buckingham Palace. My Gove will have also lost out on an extra £67,505 a year, in the form of his is extra ministerial salary. But he will still have his MP’s pay, of around £84,144 each year. Mr Gove’s multi-million-pound apartment was in fact the official residence of foreign secretary Liz Truss. She ‘lent’ her college the pricey pad following his break-up with journalist wife Sarah Vine. Mr Gove’s relationship with Mr Johnson has long been troubled; the prime minister’s leadership campaign in 2016 derailed when his rival withdrew support and decided to run himself. Insiders claim that resentment still brewed for Mr Johnson, leading to his ‘act of revenge’ over the last week. A friend of Mr Gove confirmed to the Sunday Mirror: ‘Yes, he will now need to find somewhere else to live.’ Last week, one ally of Mr Johnson told The Telegraph Mr Gove ‘has just always been treacherous, disloyal, self-obsessed, untrustworthy – pick whichever you like’. But his sacking on Wednesday still shocked colleagues and the wider public, during a week of politics unlike no other. ‘Who would have believed it?’ queried Conservative MP Tim Loughton. He had told Sky News: ‘Michael Gove has been, despite some incidents in the past leadership competitions, he’s been very much at the side of Boris and Boris has been listening to him… ‘I think it was Michael Gove who went to No 10 with the metaphorical bottle of whiskey and the revolver, well clearly Boris has downed the whiskey and turned the revolver on Michael Gove, who would have believed it?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.