If Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-su Cülcüloğlu split we predict a riot but in tonight’s Love Island, the cracks begin to emerge. The couple have been fairly absent from Love Island lately but a spoiler from the next episode confirms Davide, 27, is starting to doubt their connection as they row over Adam Collard. In a first look clip released ahead of tonight’s episode, following Jacques O’Neill’s exit from the villa, the fall out has only just begun. After Davide admits he still can’t ‘fully trust’ despite her returning to Casa Amor along, Ekin-su sees red. ‘If you have trust issues, come to me,’ she says. ‘I don’t give a f**k about Adam, I’ll shout it.’ ‘No, you want to do this show again,’ he snaps back. ‘F**ing hell, f**king artist.’ Referring to her return to Casa Amor, he adds: ‘I honestly believe you didn’t have enough temptation.’ Speaking to Coco Lodge and Dami Hope, Davide says: ‘I see how she acts when a guy above the average enters the Villa every time. ‘Sometimes the way she acts to the boys I don’t like.’ After Ekin’s now infamous crawl along the balcony to secretly kiss Jay Young, Davide admits he still doesn’t know if he can ‘fully trust her’. ‘If the trust isn’t there it’s never going to work,’ says Coco. And Dami agrees, adding: ‘If the trust isn’t there it’s never going to work.’ In turn, Davide pulls Adam in for a chat after the returning bombshell said last night that he sees the Italian Stallion and the soap actress as just friends. Adam’s already been whisked off to the balcony by Ekin-su, though she insisted her heart only belongs to Davide. In a matter of days, without really doing anything at all, Adam has blown up the villa, even contributing to Jacques’ shock exit. Just hours later, Adam whisks Paige off for a date… Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.