Some Stranger Things viewers found themselves well and truly in the upside down when season four volume two dropped on Netflix – as the streaming platform appeared to crash. The first batch of episodes ended with an almighty cliffhanger, as Nancy Wheeler (Natalia Dyer) became possessed by monster Vecna (Jamie Campbell Bower) while Steve Harrington (Joe Keery), Max Mayfield (Sadie Sink) and co battled to save her. So it’s understandable that fans would want to run up that hill and scoop up the remaining two episodes the very second that they landed on the site. However, many users were met with an issue as they tried to press play, and instead received an error message. ‘Network error. There is a problem connecting to Netflix,’ it read. ‘Please try again later.’ According to reports, the outage was fixed within the hour, but that didn’t stop unimpressed would-be viewers from flocking to Twitter to share their annoyance at having to wait even longer. ‘Now why the hell did my Netflix crash right as the new episodes came out #StrangerThings #StrangerThings4Vol2,’ a fan fumed. ‘I did not just count down the seconds like it’s New Years for Netflix to crash #StrangerThings,’ a follower agreed. ‘I know my Netflix didnt just f**king crash after I waited until THREE IN THE MORNING. #StrangerThings #StrangerThings4 [sic],’ one replied. A Twitter user joked: ‘Me screaming like I wasn’t expecting netflix to crash at midnight #Netflix #StrangerThings.’ As another yelled: ‘I stepped out of my shower FOR NETFLIX TO CRASH ON ME PLEASE I JUST WANT TO MAKE SURE EVERYONE IS OKAY LET ME IN I NEED TO KNOW TEARS ARE DRIPPING FROM MY EYES #StrangerThings.’ Honestly, hard same. Co-creator Matt Duffer previously teased that ‘darker themes’ will be explored for the remaining episodes in Hawkins, with the characters thrown into a ‘full-blown horror’ – in which they would ‘all be in jeopardy’. To be honest, this doesn’t sound hugely different to what we’ve seen so far… ‘A lot of [the darker tone] was driven by the fact that we had these – I still call them kids, even though I know they’re not kids, but they feel like my kids – is that they were heading into high school. And it felt like the right time to put them into a full-blown horror film,’ he told EW. ‘We’re dealing with darker themes, and issues that come along with being a teenager, because for at least Ross and I, and I think for most people, high school is a challenging time. And you’re experiencing a lot of dark emotions for the first time. ‘But now, you know, everybody’s life is on the line.’ This, coupled with Noah Schnapp’s (Will Byers) warning that we should be prepared for deaths, is not filling us with much hope for the future of Hawkins… Metro.co.uk has contacted Netflix for a comment. Stranger Things season four is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jordan Peterson suspended from Twitter for saying Elliot Page’s had his ‘breasts removed by a criminal physician’ MORE : Beyoncé lives up to her fashion queen status in glam Vogue video as she enters Renaissance era 