A dad of a teenager who vanished 15 years ago has spoken of the heartbreaking realisation that his son ‘has been gone for longer than he was here’ on what would be his 29th birthday. Andrew Gosden has never been seen again since withdrawing £200 and buying a one-way ticket to London in 2007. The 14-year-old’s disappearance sparked fears he may have been sold into a sex gang. Two men, aged 45 and 38, were arrested in December on suspicion of kidnapping and human trafficking. But police said it would take six to 12 months to review electronic devices seized from the pair. Dad Kevin Gosden, 51, said on Sunday the loss of his child had ‘left a huge hole’ in his life. ‘Andrew is still missing. As we reach his 29th birthday, we realise that he has been gone for longer than he was here’, he wrote. ‘The intensity of his not being here with us continues every day, a huge hole in our lives and our family. ‘For me, I think the one thing we cannot lose is hope. Hope of re-union, hope of news, hope of an answer of any kind.’ Andrew, from Doncaster, South Yorkshire, was last seen on CCTV at King’s Cross on September 14, 2007. A huge search was launched, with experts searching the River Thames and his face appearing everywhere from milk cartons to buses. But the straight A student’s reasons for going to the capital remain a mystery, with no information about his movements corroborated. Senior investigating officer, Detective Inspector Andy Knowles, previously said Andrew’s family is being supported as they await the conclusion of the latest strand of investigation. ‘We are in close contact with them and they ask that their privacy is respected as our investigation continues’, he said. ‘We have made numerous appeals over the years to find out where Andrew is and what happened to him when he disappeared. ‘I would encourage anyone with any information they have not yet reported to come forward.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.