Amazon has restricted search results for LGBTQ+ related products like books and rainbow flags on its website in the United Arab Emirates. The online retail giant took the step after pressure from authorities in the Gulf state, the New York Times reported. Same-sex sexual relationships are illegal in the UAE  – one of 69 countries in the world that still has laws criminalising being gay. An Amazon spokesperson said that,  as a company, ‘we remain committed to diversity, equity and inclusion, and we believe that the rights of LGBTQ+ people must be protected’. However, they added: ‘With Amazon stores around the world, we must also comply with the local laws and regulations of the countries in which we operate.’ The Emirati government reportedly gave Amazon until the end of this week to comply with its demands or face penalties, the NYT said. It was not clear what those penalties would be. According to documents seen by the newspaper, Amazon had its Restricted Products team take steps to remove individual product listings and hide results for more than 150 keywords. These words are said to have included’broad terms like ‘Lgbtq’ and ‘pride’ as well as intentional searches like ‘transgender flag’ ‘chest binder for lesbians’ and ‘lgbtq iphone case’. LGBTQ+ books were also banned on Amazon’s UAE website. The restrictive move comes after the UAE said it would ban Disney’s latest animation, Lightyear, which features a same-sex kiss. Authorities said the film had a ‘violation of the country’s media content standards’. Disney has reportedly been unable to secure Lightyear’s release in more than a dozen Middle Eastern and Asian countries after refusing to cut the kiss out of the film. Elsewhere, Saudi Arabia this month seized rainbow coloured clothes and toys, which they claimed encourage homosexuality, according to state TV Al Ekhbariy. The move came after authorities in the kingdom said it had asked Disney to cut ‘LGBTQ references’ from the Marvel film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness, but Disney refused. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.