A pensioner who cut his terminally-ill wife’s throat in a failed suicide pact has been spared jail. Graham Mansfield, 73, said he killed cancer sufferer Dyanne Mansfield, 71, months after she asked him to take her life ‘when things get bad for me’. The retired airport baggage handler told Manchester Crown Crown they were the ‘saddest words he had ever heard’ but insisted he fulfilled his wife’s wish in ‘an act of love’. He said he only agreed to her request as long as he could kill himself too as he ‘couldn’t bear to live without her’. A jury of 10 took 90 minutes to clear Mansfield of murder, although found him guilty of manslaughter. But he walked free from court today after being given a suspended two-year jail term by a judge who described the circumstances of the case as ‘exceptional’. Mansfield was discovered lying in a pool of blood at the couple’s home in Hale, Greater Manchester, while Mrs Mansfield’s body was found slumped in a chair at the bottom of the garden. Police and paramedics had raced to the semi-detached property in Canterbury Road on March 24, 2021 after he dialled 999. The pensioner had left a suicide note apologising to his family for ‘burdening’ them but saying ‘there is no other way’. ‘We made a pact that when it got too bad for Dyanne we would end it’, it read. ‘I couldn’t bear to live without Dyanne and as the months progressed and as things got worse, it only reinforced our decision that the time has arrived. We hope you all understand. ‘Don’t get too upset. We have had a wonderful and happy life together.’ Another note gave instructions on where to find his house keys and how to contact his sister – but neither were signed by Mrs Mansfield, the court had heard. The couple’s family, friends and neighbours spoke well of the defendant and described his ‘unswerving devotion’ to his wife. Mansfield had denied murder and pleaded not guilty to an alternative count of manslaughter on the grounds that his actions were ‘undertaken through duress of circumstances’. During sentencing, Mr Justice Goose told the defendant: ‘The circumstances of this case are a tragedy for you and are exceptional in the experiences of this court. ‘You were under immense emotional pressure. I am entirely satisfied that you acted out of love for your wife.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.