Another ghost has been spotted lurking in the background of James May’s new documentary Our Man In Italy, and viewers aren’t sure what to make of it. The Prime Video series follows May around his travels from Palermo to the Dolomites, as he explores what the country has to offer – from food, culture, sport, and apparently ghosts too. After already spotting one ghost that appeared to be walking out of a grave in Pompeii, the city that was wiped out when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79AD, fans have now seen a much clearer apparition in a car park. Distracted from what The Grand Tour host is actually saying, viewers have spotted a faint figure in the background, but this one is much clearer than the original grave-yard-strolling apparition. Attached to a clip, which has since gone viral, a viewer shared the second ghost-sighting, writing: ‘I’ve just spotted another ghost in ep4 at 15mins. I have a feeling there’s an editor having a giggle or it’s a clever marketing strategy to generate social media buzz. Fun little easter egg’. As if that wasn’t enough, some fans have now taken it upon themselves to hunt for more ghosts throughout the series… and there’s even a third apparition in another episode! ‘As it seems, and I thought it was just my paranoid self, but there has been three sightings of three spirits… in three episodes… Does that mean that more are coming on then? I will be searching for more ghosts in the comings eps I will be watching…’ one fan wrote.  ‘They’re all the same ghost, walking in the same way, and fading out in the same way, I’d be having a word with whoever edited this,’ another viewer penned. A third wrote: ‘I’m glad I’m not the only one who saw that I rewound it several times to make sure i wasn’t seeing things.’ ‘Just watched it and I thought I was imagining that!’ someone else penned, while another wrote: ‘Ok that’s it – count me in.’ After the first sighting went viral on TikTok, May shut down the idea that something was haunting his filming. Taking to Twitter to deny any ghost sightings, the former Top Gear presenter wrote: ‘My thanks to everyone who has pointed out the ‘ghost’ in ep3 of my new Italy series. ‘Nobody saw it at the time, so it’s either a real ghost or (more likely but also more boring) just a bit of digital file corruption.’ ‘For James, Italy has always felt like a country that doesn’t seem to make sense,’ the official synopsis of the documentary teases. ‘On the one hand, Italy is often regarded to be on the cutting edge – of science, fashion, and engineering, yet its economic infrastructure has fallen on very hard times. Somehow, though, Italy and the Italians always prevail.’ James May: Our Man In Italy is available to watch on Amazon Prime. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : A ‘ghost’ has been spotted lurking around in James May’s Our Man in Italy and fans are ‘spooked’ MORE : Paranormal footage shows ‘ghost’  spooking punters at 300-year-old pub 