Adam Collard has enraged Love Island viewers after declaring that he believes Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu to be ‘punching’ with Davide Sanclimenti during Monday’s episode. Before Indiyah Polack entertained the islanders with her performance on the recorder, the personal trainer spoke with his partner Paige Thorne and Luca Bish about who is the better looking person in each couple. Paige told Luca that she thinks he’s ‘punching’ with Gemma Owen and shortly afterwards, Adam decided to have his say on Turkish actress Ekin-Su and Italian stallion Davide, even though they weren’t party to the conversation. ‘I think Ekin-Su is punching with Davide,’ Adam shared. ‘Davide is a really good looking lad, but Ekin-Su’s fiery personality… that can make someone more attractive,’ he added. It didn’t take long before an onslaught of Love Island fans called Adam out for his comments online. ‘Adam literally named Ekin-Su as one of the girls he fancied the most before going in the villa. Don’t be a hater as she didn’t want you,’ wrote one. ADAM BLOODY COLLARD DID NOT JUSY SAY EKIN-SU IS PUNCHING COUNT YOUR DAYS ADAM,’ another warned. ‘Adam do not talk about Ekin-Su and Davide,’ a third blasted. ‘Focus on that breakup text you’re gonna send Paige when you come out.’ Let’s hope Ekin-Su doesn’t ever catch wind of this conversation… Elsewhere during tonight’s episode, Dami Hope and Indiyah dropped the L-bomb with one another. Having some alone time in the kitchen, Indiyah quizzed Dami on his true feelings for her and whether he’s considered telling her he loves her. ‘Why don’t you say it then?’ she asked. Dami admitted: ‘I’m waiting for the perfect moment.’ ‘The perfect moment is when you feel to say it… why didn’t you say it?’ she retorted. And seconds later, the pair were saying those three little words! Love Island continues on Tuesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 