Russian prisoners are being bribed to fight the most desperate missions in Ukraine, according to a report. A shady mercenary group with close ties to Vladimir Putin is said to be offering inmates their freedom and the equivalent of £2,600 if they survive six months. Famillies of the convicts say recruits were told ‘almost no one will return’ from the missions, which see them searching for Ukrainian troops on the frontline. But the deal is allegedly sweetened with the promise that their loved ones will receive a payout equivalent to £66,000 if they die – enough to buy a modest property in many Russian cities. The claims were made to independent Russian investigative journalists at iStories, a partner of the international the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project. Inmates told their families the recruiters appeared in at least three prisons St Petersburg and Leningrad, and also picked up a convict who reached out to them from a jail in Nizhny Novgorod. The recruiters allegedly hailed from the Wagner Group, a mercenary company widely seen as an arm’s-length private army which does the bidding of Vladimir Putin. One relative, who wished not to be named, told iStories: ‘So-called ‘inspectors’ came to Yablonevka [a prison in St Petersburg] on Friday evening. ‘They talked to convicts and asked them to ‘defend Motherland’…. ‘My relative was told this: “It is very hard to find Nazis, they are prepared very well. ‘“You will be in vanguard, help find the Nazis – this is why not everyone will return.”‘ At first, the recruiters said about 20% of recruits would return, but later said ‘almost no one will come back’, the relative said. They added: ‘Those who survive are promised a reward of 200,000 roubles [£2,600] and an amnesty. ‘And if he dies, they promise to pay the family 5 million rubles [£66,000]. But this is all words, it will not be recorded anywhere on paper.’ The recruiters initially only considered inmates with military experience before opening the scheme to all prisoners serving less than 20 years. Around 40 were selected from 200 applicants at one of the jails. Another relative said: ‘My loved one wanted to agree, but we, relatives, threw a tantrum. ‘Now he swears that he will not go, but he definitely hesitates, because he sees this as an opportunity to earn money. ‘He says: “If the worst happens, I will earn you the money for an apartment”.’ The claims were backed by Vladimir Osechkin, the exiled founder of Russian anti-corruption campaigners Gulagu.net, who said his sourced indicate FSB officers are ‘currently recruiting volunteers for Donbas among prisoners’. Inmates ‘are openly told that they will have neither documents nor a badge, and their bodies will not be given to their relatives [in the event they are killed]’, he said. Russia’s secret service reportedly raided iStories’ offices and the home of its editor  in retaliation for an investigation into the finances of Igor Sechin, an oil magnate nicknamed ‘Darth Vader’ for his role as Putin’s closest confidant. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.