This is the moment a champion competitive eater puts a protester in a chokehold for interrupting his hot dog eating flow. As he munched his 18th hotdog, Joey ‘Jaws’ Chesnut was nudged out of the way by the demonstrator, who wearing a Darth Vader mask. The stage invader held a sign saying ‘Expose Smithfield’s Deathstar’ – which appeared to be in protest against pork producer Smithfield Foods. Chesnut, 38, from Indiana, was then shown briefly choking the protester before officials escorted demonstrators away. Determined to beat his record from last year of 76 hot dogs, Chesnut carried on shoving buns and wieners down his throat. In the end, it was the 15th time he’d won Nathan’s Famous Fourth of July hot dog eating contest, in New York City. He fell short of his personal best, but he still managed to power down 63 hot dogs and buns at the annual exhibition of excess. Monday marked the contest’s return to its traditional location outside Nathan’s flagship shop in Brooklyn’s Coney Island. It was relocated in 2020 and last year due to the Covid pandemic. ‘It’s beautiful to be back here,’ Chestnut said after his feat, which he managed while wearing a surgical boot due to leg injury. He said he was ‘ignoring’ the pain and was ‘in the zone for a little bit’, but his injury eventually slowed his pace during the 10-minute competition. In a decisive comeback, women’s record-holder Miki Sudo downed 40 hot dogs and buns to win the women’s title after skipping last year’s competition because she was pregnant. Sudo, 36, of Florida, set the women’s record at 48 and a half hot dogs and buns in 2020. She said afterwards that she hoped he would some day take a message away from it. ‘I want to set an example,’ she said, ‘to do things that you love and push yourself to your absolute limits and, when things get difficult, to still give it a try. And, you know, you might actually just come out victorious.’ In conjunction with the spectacle, Nathan’s donates 100,000 hot dogs to the Food Bank for New York City. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.