The sun is shining and the kids have broken up for six weeks of fun. But in the current cost of living crisis, many families are feeling the pinch with bill prices rising a considerable amount over the past few months. Energy, petrol, fuel, and food prices have all risen leaving many scrambling to save pennies to live. To try and help out those in need, many supermarkets, pub chains, and eateries across the country are offering meal deals so youngsters can eat and enjoy a trip out of the house over the summer. Here’s where kids can eat for free or for just £1 over the summer holidays: If you’re heading to Morrisons for your weekly shop, pop into the Morrisons cafe where kids can eat for free with any adult meal. Every child will receive one free meal from the kid’s menu or a chilled kids snack pack with any one adult meal with a value of £4.99 or over. Each kids meal includes a piece of fruit and a Tropicana Kids Orange/Apple drink or bottle of water. The offer excludes all cafe specials and cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer except Teatime Meal Deal. Children can eat for just £1 at all Asda cafes across England and Wales with no minimum adult spend. Any child aged 16 and under can access a hot or cold meal for just £1 seven days a week from July 25 until September 4. An Asda spokesperson said: “We know that families can find the summer holidays tough, and our customers are telling us that this year more than ever, they’re concerned about holiday hunger. “With that in mind, we are so pleased to be able to offer children’s meals for just £1, with no minimum adult spend, to ensure that those who would normally rely on a school meal aren’t left without.” Baby food is also available as part of the initiative, with little ones able to enjoy a free pouch of Ella’s Kitchen baby food (70g pouch) in any Asda cafe. From July 11 to September 3, kids can get a meal from the children’s menu at Ikea from 95p. The deal includes one hot meal, but for £1.50 you can also buy a drink, a piece of fruit, and dessert. According to the Ikea website, the 95p meal is not available at Aberdeen, and the combination offer is not available at Aberdeen or Hammersmith. Kids can eat free with any £4 minimum spend at Dunelm Pausa cafes. The offer started on June 25 and allows shoppers to claim one free mini main, two snacks, and a drink in-store. From 12pm each day, kids can eat free with any adult meal at any Dobbies Garden Centre. Kids can choose from the lunch menu or pick ‘n’ mix meal, and also pick their own drink. Between July 23 and September 4 families can take advantage of the kids eat free offer at Heathrow Airport. The offer is valid for one free, regular-sized children’s meal with each adult main course purchased from the main menu. Participating restaurants include Leon, Yo!, Giraffe, and more. You can see a full list of where kids can eat free at Heathrow Airport and any individual terms and conditions here. Kids under 16 can eat breakfast for free at any Beefeater, TableTable, or Brewers Fayre during the summer holidays. You can get two free kids’ breakfasts when you buy a £9.50 adult breakfast. They can choose from freshly cooked full English options as well as continental favourites. Hungry Horse pubs are also offering a free breakfast offer over the holidays. Everyday between 8am and 12pm you can get a free kid’s breakfast up to £2.49 for free when you buy an adult breakfast for at least £3.49 in a Hungry Horse pub. There’s a maximum of two kids breakfasts per adult one, and the offer cannot be combined with any other offer, daily, deal, promotion, or discount – excluding add a drink promotion. You can treat the kids to a meal for just £1 at any Sizzling Pubs this summer. The offer is available Monday to Friday from 7am to 3pm with the purchase of any adult main meal. It will be in place until September 2 and the offer cannot be used in conjunction with the breakfast menu, any other offer, or set menu. Kids eat for just £1 every Wednesday at any SA Brain pubs. Youngsters can enjoy any main meal from the Little Dragons menu for £1 when purchased with a full-priced adult main meal. Adult main meals do not include sandwiches, jackets, starters, sharers, sides, or desserts. Until September 29, kids can eat free from Monday to Thursday between 3pm and 5.30pm. Little ones under 10 can tuck into our Mini Ninja children’s menu for every £10 spent on any adult meal. The offer includes a bento and a drink from the kids menu and a dessert can be added for £1.50. A maximum of three children per table can claim this offer. Kids eat for £1 with the purchase of any adult main at Bella Italia from 4pm to 6pm Monday to Thursday. Children will be able to tuck into a three-course meal as well as a Cawston Pressed fruit water. The offer is not available in conjunction with any other offer, set menu, voucher, discount, or Tesco Clubcard. Not available at Center Parc sites or Edinburgh Northbridge or in Birmingham during the Commonwealth games. For just £1 kids can enjoy a two or three-course meal at Cafe Rouge. The offer requires any adult to order one main course from our A La Carte menu to qualify. Saturdays are not included in this offer. Kids up to the age of 10 can eat free at Preto with the purchase of any adult main. This is an ongoing offer and is available every day of the week. MORE : Hacks for staying cool at night during a heatwave – including one that costs just 50p MORE : The cost of living crisis: 16 ways Nadhim Zahawi can try to fix it Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below 