Katie Price has been spotted displaying the results of her latest boob job as she sipped on a coconut by a pool in Thailand. The My Crazy Life star, who’s faced a string of legal troubles recently, looked carefree as she enjoyed her idyllic surroundings. Donning a pink and purple bikini, Katie, 44, was spotted sitting on a sun lounger, clutching a coconut with a straw in one hand. She wandered poolside, looking totally zen as she enjoyed her getaway. Her fiancee Carl wasn’t pictured, but he’s been enjoying the holiday with her. It’s thought that Katie underwent another boob job on her way to Thailand. A source told OK!: ’Katie had a boob job in Europe before she flew out to Thailand with Carl. She flew from Zurich to Vietnam after she underwent further augmentation procedures, recovering from her operation and then flying onto their tropical destination to film for her OnlyFans content. ‘Katie has taken her boobs back to Jordan days – she hopes she can recreate her fame from the attention her massive boobs get her.’ It comes after Katie announced that she would be taking a break from social media for personal reasons. Taking to her Instagram account – which boasts 2.7million followers – Katie wrote: ‘I will be coming off all social media for a period of time. I need to take time off for personal reasons.’ She signed off by showing her appreciation to her followers: ‘Thank you to all my loyal fans for always supporting me XXX’. The statement came shortly after she faced a string of legal woes, including swerving jail after she pleaded guilty to breaching a restraining order. The star was given a community order and told to pay £1,500 costs at Lewes Crown Court. She recently had a speeding charge dropped as ‘no evidence was offered.’ She was originally charged with exceeding the 60mph speed limit on September 13, 2021, as well as one count of failing to provide information on January 26 this year. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Katie Price for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price dons lime green swimwear as she soaks up sun on holiday in Thailand following suspected food poisoning 