Getting white trainers clean is a thorn in the sides of fashion fans all over the world. Making white trainers grimy is pretty inevitable if you’re planning on wearing them, but it can feel nigh-on impossible to get them shiny and clean again. Well, according to Sam, who runs an Instagram account called Addicted to Bargains, all you need is an Eraser Daddy sponge. Sharing a video showing it working its magic, Sam simply gets the sponge damp and scrubs her daughter’s shoes over a paper towel. In seconds, the previously dirty shoes are virtually sparkling. In the caption, the mum wrote: ‘I love white shoes, but they get dirty super fast. I gave the Eraser Daddy a go, and it is super easy to use and does the job so well. ‘It can also be used on household floors and walls, outdoor furniture and in your bathroom sink or shower.’ Sam uses the Eraser Daddy 10x, which is a water-activated melamine eraser that claims to last ten times longer than standard melamine – which is a kind of resin that’s similar to plastic. When made into a foam, like these sponges, melamine makes for a great abrasive cleaning tool, working like gentle sandpaper to scrape off grime. The Eraser Daddy’s ‘scrubbing gems’ also add extra abrasion. Even so, according to the website, the sponges are also safe to use on glass, tile, porcelain, and laminate surfaces. People in the comments were pretty impressed with the results, with Sam’s post having earned almost 1,000 likes at the time of writing. One commenter said: ‘I so need one of these!! Putting that on the shopping list!’ Another wrote: ‘That’s incredible.’ If you want to try it for yourself, you can buy a pack of two Eraser Daddy 10x sponges for £8.40 from Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How to clean white trainers – 9 top tips to keep them box fresh MORE : How to make cheap, non-toxic cleaning products for your home MORE : Love watching homes getting organised and cleaned? Here’s the psychology of why