Shirley Ballas has revealed she’d love to see a member of the royal family take to the ballroom for Strictly Come Dancing… and has also shared a ‘bucket list’ wish she has on the BBC show. Later this year, the competition is set to return with a brand new line-up of celebrities, and a couple of fan-favourite professional dancers missing after Oti Mabuse and Aljaž Škorjanec announced their exits. Anton Du Beke will sit on the judges’ panel alongside Shirley, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse, with former judge Bruno Tonioli wishing him well as he was unable to return to take on the role for the 2022 series. Yesterday at the Tric Awards in London, Metro.co.uk spoke to Shirley about what fans can expect from the show this year, as she dubbed Anton – who’s already had some experience as a judge after previously stepping in on a temporary basis – ‘an absolute superstar’. ‘Of course I miss Bruno, I love him to bits, but Anton and I go back so far. My dream is to dance with him one day on the show. That’s just on my bucket list. Love him to bits, he’ll do a grand job,’ she said. When asked whether there were any celebrities she’d like to see compete, the 61-year-old replied: ‘Somebody from the royal family would be rather nice!’ Well, considering we know how big a fan Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall is of Strictly, could we see her potentially throw on her dancing shoes one day? Metro.co.uk caught up with Shirley later on with other media at the Tric Awards after Strictly picked up the reality programme gong, beating fellow nominees Clarkson’s Farm, I’m A Celebrity….Get me Out of Here! and The Masked Singer. The ballroom dancer expressed how excited she was to be travelling to the US next week to see her son, marking the first time they’re going to see each other in person in three years. Shirley’s son, Mark Ballas, is also a professional dancer, with the 36-year-old having first joined Dancing With The Stars since 2007. ‘I’m just about to visit him for the first time in three years next week, so I just feel jittery with excitement even though I’m not leaving till Saturday,’ she said. ‘I’m just taking two and a half weeks off, even if I sit across and stare at his face. I just want to cuddle him and hold him.’ Explaining how they’ve only been able to see each other over FaceTime, Shirley dubbed son ‘a mummy’s boy’, having lived in the US for 11 years before moving back to the UK. ‘I love being back [in the UK] because I have all my friends, a lot of my work is here, but it’s a heartstring tug not being over there,’ she said. Strictly Come Dancing is set to return to BBC One and BBC iPlayer later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Denise Van Outen turned down Strictly Come Dancing host job before Tess Daly as it ‘sounded boring’ MORE : Strictly Come Dancing star Amy Dowden marries Ben Jones after two Covid delays 