The Mercury Prize nominations have officially been announced, with Harry Styles, Sam Fender, and Little Simz leading the charge. Watermelon Sugar hitmaker Harry was nominated for his album Harry’s House, while Sam’s record Seventeen Going Under got a nomination. Little Simz also secured a nod for her record Sometimes I Might Be Introvert. Also nominated this year are Self Esteem, Joy Crookes, Fergus McCreadie, Gwenno, Buckley & Butler, Kojey Radical, Nova Twins, Wet Leg, and Yard Act. Superstar Harry has received his first-ever nomination after releasing his second solo album Harry’s House in May this year. It immediately shot to number one and cemented him as one of the most popular artists in the world right now. Brit Award winner Sam has also had an incredible year, with the release of his album Seventeen Going Under in October 2021. He said of the nomination: ‘Seventeen Going Under is a very personal and important record for me and the boys, and for it to be recognised is insane. ‘A lot of my favourite records have won the Mercury prize. Young Fathers – I found them because of their Mercury win, I was blown away by them. It is an absolute honour and I am chuffed. Fingers crossed and we’ll see what happens, but just to be nominated is an honour.’ It’s not Little Simz’s first time being nominated. She was previously on the shortlist in 2019 for her album Grey Area but missed out on the prize when Dave won for his record Psychodrama. She said on BBC Radio 6: ‘When you’re an artist, a creative making art, you just do it because it’s a release. ‘I had some things to say and this was my way of expressing it and it’s a blessing people have resonated with it. ‘The list is so strong so to be amongst that is definitely an honour. I definitely will carry this energy throughout me today.’ Self Esteem (real name Rebecca Taylor) earned a nod for her second studio album Prioritise Pleasure, which was released in October last year. It was widely praised by critics. Joy Crookes has seen huge success recently and is actually nominated for her debut album, Skin, released in October 2021. While it’s her first Mercury Prize nomination, she was also nominated for the rising star award at the 2020 Brits. Bafta-nominated actress Jessie Buckley, who recently won an Olivier award for best actress following her role as Sally Bowles in Cabaret, also features on the list for her album For All Our Days That Tear The Heart with Bernard Butler. Isle of Wight band Wet Leg, who performed at Glastonbury this year, have also been nominated for their self-titled album while Scottish pianist Fergus McCreadie was shortlisted for album Forest Floor following the highly acclaimed Cairn released last year. Rock duo Nova Twins have been nominated for their album Supernova, alongside British musical artist Kojey Radical for Reason To Smile and Welsh musician Gwenno with album titled Tresor. DJ Nemone did the honours of announcing the nominations for the awards, which celebrate the best album released in the UK by a British or Irish act, on BBC Radio 6 Music. The 2022 awards show will take place on September 8 at the Eventim Apollo and will feature various live performances. The judging panel this year is made up of musician and songwriter Anna Calvi, broadcaster and DJ Annie MacManus, broadcaster and writer Danielle Perry, musician Hazel Wilde, musician Jamie Cullum, broadcaster and DJ Jamz Supernova, among various others. The judges said: ‘Getting down to 12 albums this year was not easy, simply because there were so many remarkable ones to choose from. ‘That serves as proof that British and Irish music thrives during unsettled periods in history, with the albums chosen covering everything from imaginative pop to pioneering rap to Cornish language folk-rock. ‘We feel that these 12 amazing albums each have something to say artistically and socially, all in their own unique, enriching ways. Now comes the really hard part… choosing only one overall winner.’ Arlo Parks won in 2021 for her album Collapsed in Sunbeams. MORE : The Big Questions: Myleene Klass on I’m A Celebrity, new music, and whether she’d let her daughters go on reality TV MORE : ‘He’s smiling down’: Brenda Edwards praises Ed Sheeran for bringing late son  Jamal’s ‘vision to life’ in new music video 