Eric Weinberg, a co-executive producer of Scrubs, has been arrested on multiple charges of sexual assault. The TV producer, who worked on the popular US comedy show based in a hospital, is accused of targeting young women in public places by pretending to be a photographer and offering them work. He is alleged to have sexually assaulted women at his residence which they had attended for photoshoots, according to the Los Angeles Police Department. Weinberg was arrested in the Los Feliz area of Los Angeles around midday on Thursday and was charged with several counts of sexual assault including rape, with his bail set at $3.225million (£2.725million). Weinberg’s arrest was related to crimes committed in Los Angeles between 2012 and 2019, however LAPD detectives believe there could be additional unidentified victims which date back to the early 1990s. An LAPD spokesperson told PA: ‘Weinberg was a Hollywood producer/writer and appears to have targeted women in grocery stores, coffee shops, and other public places. They say that Weinberg is alleged to have approached ‘women who were in their 20-30s, under the guise of being a photographer and would set up photo shoots with them’. They further suspect that ‘once the women were in his residence, he would sexually assault them during the photo shoot.’ Police have asked anyone with any further information to contact them. Weinberg has many television credits including being co-executive producer for over 100 episodes of Scrubs during its run between 2001 and 2007, as well as being supervising producer and writer on more episodes. The five-time Emmy nominee also wrote 11 episodes during Scrubs’ first six seasons and has written and produced for other shows including Californication and Graves. Other credits include Anger Management, Politically incorrect and Veronica’s Closet. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Scrubs revival looking very likely as cast and creator keen to bring back hospital sitcom: ‘We all want it’ MORE : Zach Braff teases Scrubs reboot all hinges on creator Bill Lawrence as cast keen to reunite 