Even when it’s not sunny outside (and when you’re staying in) it’s still important to wear sunscreen on your face. Exposure to the sun’s UV rays can contribute to some skin cancers, and may lead to skin damage, premature ageing, and sun-related eye disorders – all of which we want to avoid. Despite this, many people steer clear of sunblock on their face, put off by formulas that leave a chalky cast or don’t pair well with makeup. But there is a better way. Dr Sam’s Skincare has created the ultimate primer-like daily sunscreen that does triple duty as a serum and a moisturiser, and beauty fans are loving it. The Flawless Daily Sunscreen provides broad-spectrum protection in SPF 50, using 11.8% Zinc Oxide and 7% Octinoxate, but is also packed with skin-friendly ingredients. The hydrating formula allows you to simplify your morning routine due to its multitasking capabilities, while feeling lighter on the skin than many others on the market (a must on hot, sticky days like these). Many people are wary of facial sunscreen because they fear breakouts as a result. However, Flawless Daily Sunscreen is non-comedogenic, so won’t clog your pores. It additionally contains 5% niacinamide to calm blemish-prone skin, reduce the appearance of dark marks and sun spots, and create a healthy skin barrier by boosting ceramide production. The brainchild of Harley Street’s Dr Sam Bunting, it’s the perfect all-rounder for your cosmetics bag. With over 870 reviews, Flawless Daily Sunscreen has an impressive average rating of four-and-a-half stars, with customers praising its silky texture and wearability. ‘Fantastic in every way. Quick to absorb and provides great protection from the sun,’ said one reviewer, while another wrote, ‘I am extremely impressed with the texture and the way my skin now looks and feels after only a couple of weeks.’ One more person said: ‘This is by far my favourite sunscreen of all time (and I have tried a bit of everything, from Asian fancy brands to pharmacy and luxury formulas). The texture is very pleasant, never stings the eyes and is the only one that doesn’t make my acne-prone skin break out.’ Think it could be your new suncare staple? Get Dr Sam’s Flawless Daily Sunscreen for £29 – and use code SUNSHINESPF at checkout for 10% off. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘The Google of skincare’: Caroline Hirons launches free app Skin Rocks to make your routine simple MORE : CeraVe – the cult skincare brand that you can get on the cheap for Amazon Prime Day