A team of veterans from Ukraine has been flown into the UK on a secret RAF flight to prepare for the US military’s Warrior Games. The contingent of almost 60 people includes the Deputy Minister for Veteran Affairs, Inna Draganchuk, and celebrated medic Yuliia Paievska, known in Ukraine as Taira, the Angel of Mariupol. Yuliia was freed last month after being held prisoner by Russian-backed separatists. The journey involved travelling into Poland for the flight on a Voyager aircraft from an undisclosed airport to Brize Norton in Oxfordshire yesterday afternoon. Details of the trip were kept secret until today. Many of the group have broken away from the frontline to take part in the five-week camp, which is taking place in Brighton because preparation is not possible under wartime conditions. The journey has the wider purposes of providing rehabilitation for the athletes, giving a symbolic lift for Ukraine and building on links with two British vision charities. As well as 33 athletes, the group includes support staff and the wives and children of two Team Ukraine members who have lost their lives opposing the Russian invasion. Sister charities BRAVO VICTOR and Blind Veterans UK have made the training camp possible as the Ukrainian government’s budget is focused on defence and security. The team has arrived ahead of the multi-sport Warrior Games, which is for wounded, injured or ill service personnel and veterans and takes place at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando during August. Ms Dranganchuk told Metro.co.uk: ‘We have a fight with an absolutely awful enemy, Russia, and this fight is taking place on different stages and battlefields. It’s very important not just to fight on the battlefield but to bring our athletes’ strong resistance, courage and truth to the international stage. They absolutely believe in what they do and for them, and for us, Ukraine is the best country in the world. They are the real defenders of their nation and it’s very important to demonstrate this to the world. ‘They are used to being the best, to being winners, and they are ready to demonstrate how strong and motivated they are. ‘Yesterday they were bearing arms and today they are holding sports equipment. And after the competition, they will return to their positions. ‘They also want to demonstrate to Ukrainian defenders and soldiers that life after this war will be full of energy, sport and sporting challenges.’ Yulia, was abducted during her work as founder and leader of Taira’s Angels, a volunteer medical evacuation unit which had been working in Mariupol to support military personnel and civilians. The medic, who is also an Invictus Games athlete, is being accompanied on the trip by her daughter, Anna-Sofia Puzanova. Yulia, 53, previously described being held prisoner as ‘hell’ following her release after three months on June 17. She has been back in archery training as she prepares for the games, where adaptive sporting events include wheelchair basketball, cycling, indoor rowing and sitting volleyball. Ms Dranganchuk said: ‘It’s amazing to see them back together, they are a beautiful mother and daughter. ‘This trip is very important for them. It’s not just about a sporting competition, it’s about psychological and technological support and providing a transitional period which will give our group new belief in their future lives and decisions.’ In April, the team took part in the Invictus Games at The Hague, where they had ‘inspirational’ meetings with the event’s figurehead, Prince Harry. They will be joined by a smaller group of competitors and support staff before they head on to Orlando, where the US military-run contest takes place between August 19 and 28. The minister underlined her gratitude to the two charities for their support, including arranging the training base and being part of a collaborative effort to make the flight possible. The organisations sent a delegation to Ukraine last month which signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the government, pledging to work with the country on sight loss rehabilitation over a long-term basis. Maj Gen (Rtd) Nick Caplin, CEO of Blind Veterans UK, and Professor Renata Gomes, Chief Scientific Officer at BRAVO VICTOR, spent almost five days on the trip during which they passed through areas in and around Kyiv being subjected to missile fire by Russian forces. The profound fallout from the war includes a civilian death toll which has passed the 5,000 mark since the invasion began on February 24, according to the UN human rights office today. The office said the true figure was probably much higher. The team has arrived in Brighton as Ukraine is said to be massing a million-strong fighting force, backed by Western arms, to recover territory in the south it has lost to Russia. ‘I am not qualified to talk about the army having a million members,’ Ms Dranganchuk said. ‘But I can definitely tell you that many more people than a million are motivated to be a part of a nation that is fighting for its freedom and its life.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.