A West Virginia woman woke up from a two-year coma after being ‘attacked, hacked and left for dead’ and told authorities her brother was her assailant. Wanda Palmer, 51, was found in an upright position on her couch with severe injuries that appeared to have been caused by a hatchet or axe in June of 2020, according to the Jackson County Sheriff’s Department. When police first arrived, Wanda was so brutally attacked they thought she was dead. Authorities then realized she was alive, and breathing very shallowly. Wanda had been in a coma at a nursing home for two years when police received a call late last month that she was able to speak. In a July 12 interview, Wanda told authorities the person who attacked her was her brother, Daniel Palmer, according to a criminal complaint obtained by WCHS-TV. Wanda was only able to answer yes-or-no questions but provided a detailed enough testimony for authorities to arrest Daniel, according to CNN. Daniel has been charged with attempted murder and malicious wounding, according to the sheriff’s office. He is being held on $500,000 bail. Following the attack, police investigated several people but were never able to file charges. One witness had reported seeing her brother on the porch of her home around midnight the night before she was discovered, but there was no record of his visit. ‘The keys to the whole thing lay with the victim herself and with her unable to communicate we were left with nothing. Now low and behold two years later and boom, she’s awake and able to tell us exactly what happened,’ Jackson County Sheriff Ross Mellinger told West Virginia Metro News. ‘He didn’t give us any fight or anything. There was a little bit of surprise, but not entirely,’ Mellinger added. Officials believe Daniel attacked his sister with either a machete or hatchet. A motive behind the attack was not immediately clear. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.