Thank goodness that heatwave is over. Now we can all get out and do some exercise without fear of a grizzly, sweaty death. Luckily, just in time for life to return to normal (for now) we have rounded up the best fitness and wellness buys available right now. So from North Face walking gear to juice that will get you up in the morning, here are the best products out there to put a spring (or summer) in your step. Include a Vida Glow Radiance supplement in your morning routine and allow the blend of brightening antioxidants, plant extracts, vitamins, minerals and carotenoids to give skin a dose of goodness. Buy for £36.75 (30 tablets) from Feel Unique The North Face Athletic Outdoor collection is all about encouraging women to be more adventurous. The range features stretch-fit fabrics and sweat-wicking materials to help you navigate any terrain, no matter the weather. Buy items from £40 from North Face We love the feeling of clean teeth after a baking soda brushing, and this takes things up a notch. Arm And Hammer Coconut White toothpaste is powered by the stuff and promises to improve imperfections, restore enamel and leave teeth feeling silky smooth. Buy it for £1.99 from Online Household. Book tickets for Womanifest and revel in all things feminine. Held in Cheshire on September 17-18, this is a development and empowerment festival for women who want more from life. Expect fire and glass walking, Wim Hoff Breathwork sessions and ice baths. Buy adult tickets from £59 at Womanifest. Shwen Shwen is a new juice company inspired by traditional Sierra Leonean ingredients that   are packed with antioxidants. They can be enjoyed over ice, or as mixers with cocktails. Buy it for £3.50 each (250ml) from Shwen Shwen. If you attend one of the many fitness studios around Notting Hill in London, then Re Place is worth checking out. It’s home to several body roller machines that offer lymphatic drainage massage and myofascial release, and incorporate infrared and collagen lights, too. Get the introductory offer for £40 (45mins) at Re Place London. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Feeling the Bern: How to spend a wellness weekend in this peaceful town in Switzerland MORE : Why you need to exercise caution when it comes to following fitness influencers