Kate Garraway has thanked fans for helping her spread the word out that she had left husband Derek Draper’s vital medical kit in a black cab after a trip home from hospital on Saturday. The Good Morning Britain presenter confirmed on Sunday morning that everything had luckily been returned to her after the message got to the ‘lovely driver’. The Garraway’s Good Stuff star, 55, initially took to Twitter to share an appeal for the items to be reunited with them as soon as possible, after she brought Derek, also 55, home on a weekend visit, as he would need them ‘urgently’. She posted to her 504,000 followers: ‘@BC_Lostproperty help!! Have just brought derek home in a mobility black cab from hospital for a weekend visit – & have left a case with all his meds and kit in the front! ‘The driver recognised me but may not know it’s there – please look & get in touch – need urgently!!’ After fans helped by sharing advice and retweeting her plea, Kate was able to return to Twitter with a positive update the following morning. ‘It’s been returned! Thanks to all who reached out – the message got to driver lovely Robert who has returned it – phew and thanks to all. #happysundayeveryone,’ she posted. Derek, a former political lobbyist, has required round-the-clock medical care since contracting Covid-19 in March 2020, which left him hospitalised for a year and in an induced coma for a period. He is believed to be one of the worst-affected cases to have survived coronavirus but has been left severely impacted by the side effects. Derek’s ability to communicate was also compromised by the virus, which caused damage to many of his organs. Although he is largely recovering at home now, his long Covid saw Kate admit to feeling ‘exhausted’ and ‘fretful’ in June, following a spate of hospital visits for her husband amid his ongoing health battle. Kate recently revealed that she and their children, daughter Darcy, 17, and son William, 12, have had to ‘relearn’ their relationships with Derek, who was released from hospital in April 2021. She told Good Housekeeping: ‘When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus. ‘In many ways, we’re still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed. It’s the same for the children – they’re having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. ‘And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing star Amy Dowden marries Ben Jones after two Covid delays MORE : Blue’s Duncan James pretended to date Geri Halliwell because he was so terrified to come out as gay 