TV presenter Storm Huntley has announced the birth of her first child. The star, who co-hosts with Jeremy Vine on his Channel 5 programme, welcomed a baby boy this week. Storm had announced at the beginning of 2022 that she was expecting her first child with her musician husband Kerr Okan, breaking the happy news live on air. Now the overjoyed couple have welcomed a son, with Storm revealing they have chosen the name Otis for their baby boy. Taking to Twitter, Storm shared a gorgeous photograph of her newborn resting on her chest as they lay in a hospital bed, the new mum grinning at the camera. She wrote: ‘So this is the little person who will forever hold my heart in his hands…’ Storm went on to reveal her son’s full name as Otis Abi Okan, and said he was born at 9.17am weighing 7.7 pounds. Her co-host, Jeremy, was among the first to congratulate Storm and Kerr on their new arrival, writing: ‘So beautiful! ‘Congrats and [love] to the whole family from us.’ Steph’s Packed Lunch star Steph McGovern offered her ‘congratulation’ to the family,’ while fellow presenter Jasmine Dotiwala wrote excitedly: ‘Omg!!! What a beautiful sight to behold!’ She went on: ‘Congratulations studio partner! Such incredible news and what a day for me to be on tomorrow to hug the crew as we all celebrate our newest, youngest team member.’ Lizzie Cundy wrote: ‘Huge congrats my darling!! What a beautify! Loads of love and kisses to you all,’ while Talk TV host David Bull added: ‘Many congrats lovely’. Storm, 34, teased her pregnancynews in January as she posted a photoof her and her husband peering into an oven with the caption: ‘Something’s cooking!’ And on a later episode of the Jeremy Vine show, she confirmed she was set to become a mum. ‘We’ve definitely baked up something, it’s not a loaf, unfortunately that one was bought. But yes, I’m having a baby!’ she shared. Husband Kerr also sent a video message to the show where he said he was ‘absolutely delighted to be a first time dad to be, all going well, I’m buzzing… I just can’t wait to start a family with her. ‘If she’s anything like she is as a wife, she’ll be a phenomenal mother.’ The news comes just months after Storm and Kerr, frontman of rock band The LaFontaines, tied the knot with their wedding taking place on the banks of Loch Lomond in Scotland last September. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Vine co-host Storm Huntley announces pregnancy live on-air and reveals ‘traumatic’ first trimester MORE : Jeremy Vine presenter Storm Huntley knocked off bike in ‘terrifying’ accident 