Liz Truss has channelled her hero Margaret Thatcher and dressed like her ‘down to the last detail’, social media users are saying. Ms Truss, who has long cited Thatcher as an inspiration, donned a white blouse with a big bow tied at the front and a black blazer at the Tory leadership debate last night. The look has been compared to what Thatcher wore in a 1979 election broadcast – and the two pictures next to each other certainly resemble a spot the difference challenge. This is not the first time the South Norfolk MP has been compared to the UK’s first female prime minister. Many of the two women’s outfits have looked uncannily similar over the years. These include some very specific pictures of both politicians posing with a baby farm animal, sitting on a motorbike and riding in a military tank. Even the way the two women speak has been compared, with language experts saying Ms Truss has copied Thatcher’s deep, long, slow way of speaking. Ms Truss is not the only Tory candidate influenced by the controversial figure. Rishi Sunak said he would use Thatcher as a role model if he were to become prime minister. He said he saw parallels between his own upbringing and the Iron Lady’s, saying that she was brought up living above her father’s grocery shop while he helped out in his mum’s pharmacy. ‘We will cut taxes and we will do it responsibly,’ he said in his first campaign interview. ‘That’s my economic approach. I would describe it as common sense Thatcherism. ‘I believe that’s what she would have done.’ But Ms Truss seemingly used last night’s debate to take a swipe at the former chancellor’s economic policies. She said: ‘We face grave challenges as a country, the worst economic crisis for a generation, an appalling war perpetrated by Russia in Ukraine, after decades of very slow growth. ‘Now is not the time for a continuity of our current economic policy. ‘We need to be bold, we need to do things differently, we need to cut taxes, we need to unleash growth, and we need to unleash the potential of all of the people across our great country.’ Thatcher’s legacy saw the privatisation of many state companies, the mass sale of council homes and reduction of the power of trade unions. She believed in individualism and thought ‘socialism was still built into the institutions and mentality of Britain’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.