Fed up of two-day long hangovers and the anxiety that comes after a big night out, but don’t want to give up booze entirely? Mindful drinking might be the answer – because your approach to alcohol doesn’t need to be all or nothing. What that means is really up to you. It might be only drinking on certain occasions, limiting your number of cocktails on a night out, or simply choosing to consciously drink for the enjoyment of a tipple, rather than to get drunk. But when you’re sober curious, it can be tricky to fill the gap left behind by your go-to bev. We’ve all experienced the meh-ness of sipping on a sparkling water while your friends have something more fun, or gone for a soft drink only to find it’s sickly sweet. Quarter, a new gin brand, might be the answer. Buy for £24.30 from Amazon It’s not yet another booze-free take on gin (surely there are enough of those now), but instead an option for those who still want booze… just not as much. Its name gives away the USP: Quarter gin is a quarter of the strength of your average gin, meaning you can have a G&T without immediately feeling tipsy. So yes, it’s a godsend for lightweights, as well as those trying to cut down on their alcohol intake. While typical spirits have an ABV around the 37-45% mark, Quarter’s is 12%. The gin took the brand over a year of product development to perfect, with superstar distiller Anthony settling on 12% as the perfect strength to provide the delicious, refreshing gin flavour you’d expect, but with a lower ABV you can actually enjoy without quickly getting wasted. Flavour-wise, it’s a perfect summer option, with classic juniper and coriander given a punch with grapefruit and sweet orange. ‘Quarter is all about delivering the buzz, with none of the blur,’ say the brand. ‘After all, who said it had to be all or nothing?’ Fancy giving it a go? You can buy Quarter now on Amazon for £24.30.* *Or bookmark that link and wait ’til Prime Day next week, when it’ll be 25% off. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Savvy mum reveals the ‘dopest’ Amazon buys to upgrade every part of your life MORE : The best drinks to sip during the final week of Wimbledon MORE : ‘It’s not good enough to just give us a nightclub and say it’s inclusive’: The rise of LGBTQ+ sober spaces