A heartbroken mum has paid tribute to her ‘little sunshine boy’ after he was killed in a tragic collision with a tractor on a farm. Albie Speakman was seriously injured during the incident in the Tottington area of Bury on Saturday afternoon. His family frantically waved down an ambulance but despite the best efforts of paramedics and police the three-year-old was declared dead before he could be taken to hospital. In a statement, his mother Leah said: ‘Albie was an incredibly loving, affectionate and caring boy who just wanted everyone to be happy. ‘He was so sensitive and wanted everyone to be OK, especially the people that he loved. ‘He loved to play – whether it be with his family or friends at nursery – he would always look for little round things wherever he went, stones, polystyrene balls, bouncy balls, beads – I’m not sure why but he just loved anything round, he would just hold onto them. ‘His favourite memories are at Cleethorpes beach, with his bucket and spade and his ball. His happiest days were on that beach, we were so free and didn’t have any cares in the world. ‘It was just me and Albie and nothing else mattered. Whenever I’d ask him what he wanted to do, he’d want to go on holiday to the beach again; that’s how I know he was truly happy there. ‘We all love Albie so much more than we can ever put into words – especially his Nan and his “Nanny-Nanny”, as he would always call her. ‘I will miss absolutely everything about Albie, his voice, his smile, the smell of his skin and the feel of his little hands on my face when he would say “I love you mummy girl”. ‘I’ll especially miss going on adventures with Albie, anywhere and everywhere we could have fun; nothing will ever fill the whole that he has left in our hearts, we are broken beyond repair. ‘I always call him my little sunshine boy because he has brought so much light into my life and he is my little ray of sunshine, and I don’t want his life to end here, I need to carry on living for him and take him with me wherever I go. We still have so many more memories to make, Albie! ‘I love him so much and I know he will find his way back to me someday, somehow, because we need each other. Until then I will look for him in everything I do and I will celebrate his life. ‘I’m not sure how to carry on this life without you but I will find a way to be strong for you and make you proud.’ The driver of the tractor, who is understood to know the child, is assisting police with their inquiries, and GMP are not looking for anyone in connection with the incident. Chief Inspector Ian Partington said on Saturday: ‘This is a heartbreaking incident that has seen a young boy tragically lose his life and my thoughts go out to his family and loved ones who will be utterly devastated by today’s events. ‘Despite his family flagging down an ambulance while driving him towards hospital quickly as they could, the boy sadly could not be saved after the best efforts of paramedics; I can’t imagine how distressing this was for those involved. ‘We are working to ensure that a full investigation is carried out, and the farmland where we understand this incident to have occurred remains cordoned off to allow our investigators and partners from the HSE to conduct thorough inquiries to establish exactly what has occurred here.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.