Snake bite injuries are becoming more common in the UK as more and more people are buying exotic pets. A study has found 321 bites were registered by the National Poisons Information Service (NPIS) between 2009 and 2020 involving 68 species. Out of those, 260 (81%) involved pet snakes in the home, while 38 (11.8%) were related to people’s jobs, such as zoologists and pet shop workers. Out of those bitten, 72 people were teenagers or children and 13 were younger than five. Researchers found 15 people suffered severe symptoms. An amateur snake keeper bitten by a Mozambique spitting cobra needed part of their finger amputated after the tissue started dying. Reptile conservationist Luke Yeomans, 47, died in June 2011 after being bitten by a king cobra at a sanctuary he was due to open the following week. Witnesses said he staggered around as ‘if drunk’ before collapsing, and people desperately tried to resuscitate him before he was taken away in an ambulance. Despite being given 10 vials of antivenom by emergency crews, he suffered a fatal cardiac arrest. The NPIS study shows that around two thirds of bites happened to men. Although still uncommon, the figures show a rise compared to 2004-2010. One of the researchers, Professor David Warrell from the University of Oxford, said: ‘Our results show an overall increase in the number of exotic snake bites reported to the NPIS compared to previous figures. ‘Most of these bites occur to fingers, hands and wrists following deliberate handling interaction by people who keep snakes as part of their occupation or hobby.’ Professor Warrell pointed out that people in the UK require a special licence to own any kind of venomous snake. But that doesn’t mean people don’t keep them illegally, meaning the true extent of snake bites in the country could be higher. Most snakes are not aggressive, and you would be pretty unlucky to be bitten on one, but the RSPCA has advised people to do as much research as possible before buying one. For example, it advises python owners: ‘Do not handle your python after handling prey as the snake may smell food and try to bite; wash hands well first.’ The grass snake, adder and smooth snake are the only native species in the UK, and as well as pets, can also pose a threat in rare cases. In April, an eight-year-old boy almost died when he was bitten by an adder on a family trip to Hemsby Beach in Norfolk. The attack caused Jake Closier’s hand to swell ‘five times the normal size’ before doctors inserted an anti-venom drip at a hospital. That same month, an eight-year-old girl from Birmingham was bitten by an adder during an Easter picnic as she reached out to touch it out of curiosity. The family had been out at Kinver Edge, a beauty spot in the Midlands, when someone in the group alerted her to the snake’s presence. Being the ‘plucky girl’ she is, she went to investigate, and the reptile struck at her finger, her dad said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.