Tory leader hopeful Liz Truss has admitted that her controversial call for the monarchy to be abolished was ‘a mistake’. Resurfaced footage from the 1994 Liberal Democrat conference shows the then 19-year-old campaigning for the removal of the Royal Family. ‘We do not believe people are born to rule,’ Ms Truss said in the clip – two years before abandoning ship and joining the Conservative Party. Her impassionate remarks were met with applause by attendees but she has now insisted that she regretted them ‘almost immediately’. Hours after a YouGov poll gave the foreign secretary a 24-point advantage, she was forced to defend her views. Questioned on when she realised she did not want to scrap the monarchy, Ms Truss told reporters in Peterborough: ‘Almost immediately after I’d made that speech. ‘I was a teenager at the time and I do believe that people who never change their mind on anything and think the same at 16 as they do at 46 are, well, first of all they’re not normal people like I am. ‘Secondly, you know, I’ve got the ability to learn from mistakes I’ve made, things that I’ve done that are wrong and move on.’ It’s not the first U-turn Ms Truss has made since launching her campaign – insisting today that she regrets supporting the Remain campaign in the lead-up to Brexit. The politician also acknowledged during interviews on Thursday that she did not have ‘a traditional Tory background.’ As a child, Ms Truss joined her left wing mum and dad at peace rallies and visited the Greenham Common peace camp as a seven-year-old. She is seen as the favourite to beat Rishi Sunak in the run-off on September 5. The YouGov poll had her on 62% and her opponent on 38%. This doesn’t count Tory party members who were not sure or would not vote. The current size of the Conservative membership is unknown, but at the last leadership election in 2019 there were around 160,000 members. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.