The next Full Moon is on July 13. Full Moons present more opportunity for reflection than action – they bring an insightful, illuminating, contemplative energy to our world and make us pause to think about things we haven’t yet fully clarified or expressed. They bring stuff to the surface. Capricorn is a taskmaster, a grafter, a dutiful deliverer of commitments to the outside world. This Full Moon focuses our attention on our areas of responsibility, particularly in our career, and the goals or tasks which require determination, grit, and ‘never give up’ energy right now. Reflect on your energy levels for these things: where you’re at mentally, what you need and what the next step is. We all make a difference and play a part in the wider world. What part are you playing and how are you delivering? Ready to discover how you make a difference to the world this Full Moon? Let the tarot give you a clue… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries: Page of Swords Meaning: You get bored real easily, and you are a cardinal sign – so you enjoy kicking off new things and riding on the early adventurous energy… but sticking the course is not so much fun, right? The Page of Swords reflects that struggle to follow through, keep going when you’re bored or tired, and the tendency to dip in and out, blow hot and cold. Aries, be honest with yourself about this trait. Look at where it has most negative impact and make a resolution this Full Moon to over-ride your urges and stick to the plan. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus: Nine of Wands Meaning: There’s a project or role you’re really weary of right now and you could easily throw in the towel and call it quits. Don’t! The Nine of Wands shows that the coming two months are going to represent the final obstacle in this long journey, and once you’ve surpassed it (which you will do a lot more easily than you think) you’re in the home run, onto smooth seas and plain sailing. Just one last push, okay? Don’t give up. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini: Judgment Meaning: A turning point has arrived, a cross roads, a wake up call and epiphany that stimulates new activity and decisions. Embrace it. Judgment means you’re seeing things, career-wise and duty-wise as they really are. Your priorities are crystal clear, and you accept that which is yours alone to do. You feel authentically in tune with what you can give and do best, and keen to focus on that above the other ‘noise’ in your life. Streamline and focus on what you do best. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer: King of Coins Meaning: You are truly reflecting on, and considering, your financial and career prospects and how you can maximise your position, security, future, and rewards. King of Coins is a born survivor, a practical and resilient tough cookie who gets what he deserves. Time to think about what that means for you, and how you make sure you’re getting what you’re owed. And how you become even more powerful and indispensable so that those rewards keep flowing. Time to make some power moves. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo: Ten of Wands Meaning: You feel over burdened, stretched too thinly, overwhelmed, and tired. You have bitten off more than you can chew, as shown by the weary Ten of Wands. This is a repeat habit, Leo, because you get FOMO real bad and always want to be involved, engaged and active in whatever is going on around you. But then you don’t give any of it your best, and that makes you feel bad. Streamline and trim your commitments, focus on the ‘big rocks’ and let some stuff go. You’ll feel 100% better. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo: Six of Wands Meaning: Taking ownership and responsibility comes naturally to you and the Six of Wands suggests you’ve got the right balance of give and take, duty and fun, work and play in your world right now. Well done you. Consider how you’ve done this, extract some positive life lessons and observations because they’ll come in handy to guide you when the pressure mounts again. Notice your priorities, spot who is most appreciative of your support, accept rewards offered, list the things you enjoy helping out on, amplify your skills. You’re doing great. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra: Eight of Swords Meaning: Sometimes Libra, for all of your objectivity and diplomacy, you have a blind spot when it comes to fairness. You overthink things usually with a strong bias on your own gain and position, and you can become a taker vs a giver. The Eight of Swords asks you to look fairly and squarely at what you do for others and how you show up, and to see if you’re really doing what you need to and should to. Be honest with yourself. Have you slipped the net? Have you done less than you ought? It’s time to make adjustments if so. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio: Seven of Wands Meaning: You may be in a strange situation of competing with someone else regarding a responsibility or project. Both of you are vying for the leading or top position here, and it’s actually making both of you rise to the challenges and over deliver. So maybe it’s no bad thing. Acknowledge and celebrate your rival, they’re bringing the best out of you. Don’t stop trying either, because this is all being noticed and appreciated. It’s true that you sometimes need a foe to drive you to your heights of performance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius: Ten of Cups Meaning: The area of life that most needs your dedication, attention, support, and care right now is your love life, your other half, your family. You are an abundant person, you spin a lot of plates, juggle a lot of balls, have a lot going on. Don’t overlook those closest to you and what they might need from you. The Ten of Cups asks you to refocus, this Full Moon, on your nearest and dearest and give them what they crave – your time and attention. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn: Knight of Cups Meaning: Ha, as I expected, the message for you this Full Moon in Capricorn is to actually do less work and more play. Have fun, kick back, celebrate yourself and all of your efforts, reward and treat yourself for all of your hard work and graft. You take yourself, your duties and your life super seriously anyway, if anything we need you to loosen up more and just enjoy your world. Make this a week of celebration, parties, treats and fun. Be the care-free and happy Knight of Cups. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius: Eight of Coins Meaning: This is a power card about persistence and diligence in the face of obstacles, of pushing through, not giving up, and working hard even if you’re tired or frustrated. Whatever your long-term, big goal is, Aquarius, you need to stick at it this Full Moon and resolve to recharge your batteries for another push. It’s going to be very worth it, but you might have lost sight of that right now. Re-engage, take a rest, get excited again… and keep going. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces: Eight of Wands Meaning: People want to hear more from you, they miss you, they enjoy your updates and company and insights. The Eight of Wands is a communication card and hints that maybe you’ve become a little more isolated or disconnected this year (I guess we all have…) and it’s time to rejoin your networks and get back in touch with folk, personally and professionally. You love to be in the midst of things (as long as you get a dose of ‘alone time’ afterwards) so make it happen. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday