A woman was violently attacked by a mother monk seal after swimming near the animal’s newborn pup off a Hawaiian beach. Rocky the seal suddenly attacked the unidentified swimmer about 20 feet into the water at Kaimana Beach in Waikiki on Sunday morning. Bystander video footage shows Rocky barking and looking for her pup, before charging at the woman. The woman tries to distance herself and splashes at Rocky, but the seal goes at her, and both go underwater at moments. ‘It was a brutal attack. It was rough to watch. At one point, Rocky’s mouth got a hold of her head, and she was trying to splash and get away,’ witness Rosa Timberlake told KITV. The woman tries to swim away, and is followed by Rocky. It is not until a canoer blocks Rocky and allows the woman to hang on the vessel that the assault stops. At the shore, two people carry the woman to safety on the beach. Wearing a swim cap, she appears distraught. ‘If it wasn’t for the kayak guy paddling over to save her, she would have got like chomped,’ witness Curt Otsuka told Hawaii News Now. The woman, who told authorities she wanted to remain anonymous, was hospitalized for lacerations to her face, back and arm. She is a 60-year-old elementary school teacher from California, the Daily Mail reported. Rocky gave birth about two weeks ago in the area, Hawaii Marine Animal Response stated on Facebook. ‘People are again reminded that Hawaiian monk seal moms with pups are protective, can be dangerous, and have inflicted serious wounds on nearby swimmers,’ the statement read. The organization added: ‘We continue to warn people not to engage in in-water activities when a monk seal mother with a pup are in the area and to stay at least 150 feet from mother seals with pups.’ But the woman’s husband told the Department of Land and Natural Resources that the couple saw the pup right after its birth and that they had ‘read all the safe viewing signs and abide by them’. ‘There is no one to blame here,’ he said. ‘All my wife did was go swimming and she happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time.’ The woman told the department that ‘neither of us could sleep last night’ after the attack. ‘Every time I closed my eyes,’ she said, ‘I was seeing the mother seal’s mouth.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.