We all want to listen to our favourite artists (Kate Bush, anyone?) in the highest quality possible. But with such an array of audio players now available it can be hard to pick the best. I’ve put some well-known speaker, soundbar and vinyl player brands to the test to see how they perform. And for music listening on the go, check out the best headphones, earbuds and portable players below. My pair of faithful Sonos Ones (£199 each) boast joyous sound quality. My only gripe is that I have to take the extra step of doing everything through the Sonos app over wi-fi as I can’t Bluetooth music directly to them. The newer Sonos Move (£349), however, now offers that facility and much more besides. This chunkier and more powerful speaker is a portable device that sits on a discreet charging ring. In this mode, it’s like a bigger version of its mains-connected Sonos One cousins. But it’s a different beast. Containing a rechargeable 18Wh battery and offering ten hours of playback once fully powered, it can be easily moved to different rooms or outdoors and operate like a portable speaker. Because it may not always be in wi-fi range, music can be Bluetooth-connected directly too. It’s nicely designed, with a hidden carrying handle at the back, and it has an IP56 rating, which means it has dust and decent water protection. It’s also got serious oomph on the bass front and its Automatic Trueplay function means onboard software adjusts sound output to match its environment. A newer entry in the Amazon ecosystem could challenge my love of all things Sonos. About the size of a five-litre tin of paint, the Echo Studio Smart Speaker (£189.99) has five multidirectional speakers hidden under its fabric outer skin. Dolby Atmos-enabled, it throws different sounds to different areas in a 3D space for immersive listening. It has auto-adaptive technology, so it analyses the acoustics of the room it’s placed in to ensure it delivers optimal sound. It’s Alexa-enabled and you can also Bluetooth content from your phone. If you have a slightly bigger budget, the Ruark R5 Wireless Music System (£1,099) is wonderful. I’ve long lusted after devices made by this British company. Their classy, understated products are aesthetically beautiful household objects of desire. It’s little wonder they often make the transition from the tech and music press to the pages of high-end interiors magazines. The R5 boasts all the functionality of most wireless speakers with support for music streaming services such as Spotify, Amazon, Tidal and Deezer. Its AptX HD receiver also reduces any signal-to-noise ratio, which means there’s less distortion and a clearer sound when using Bluetooth connectivity. It also boasts internet radio and, for old-school music fans who recall such things, a multi-format CD player. Remember CDs? Yes. It is ridiculous that these are now old-school. The R5 is simple to operate, it looks beautiful and the sound quality, balance and texture is superb. It’s probably the best I’ve experienced. Sadly, such excellence doesn’t come cheap. But I’d spend the money. I’m a fan of the second-generation Sonos Beam (£449). Connectivity via the supplied HDMI cable, the Sonos app and the TV itself is simple. It took me all of ten minutes to set it up. For quite a compact device that can sit comfortably in front of most TVs without intruding on the picture, it throws out an impressive 3D soundscape thanks to its Dolby Atmos capabilities. A less expensive option for adding additional acoustic amazingness to your TV is the Polk Audio Signa S4 Soundbar (£249). This unobtrusive device is a sleeker and longer offering than the Sonos Beam and it also comes with a separate wireless-connected subwoofer. Set-up involves connecting both devices to the mains and connecting the bar to the TV via a HDMl cable, then ensuring the TV delivers the sound through the appropriate output. It’s simple. Dolby Atmos-enabled, it gives a superb immersive sound and the subwoofer means it delivers serious bass. It also comes with a controller that means users can easily increase either the volume or the bass levels, and switch between different sound modes. Polk’s VoiceAdjust also means users can expect real clarity of dialogue, while Night Mode lowers the bass for late-night viewing sessions. It’s a classy product. For a man with a penchant for nostalgia, I should be a perfect candidate for being a committed member of the Church of the Vinyl Revival. However, the immediacy of music delivery brought by wireless technology means I’ve no real longing for such antiquities, in much the same way that I don’t look back with any fondness on whooping cough. The House Of Marley Stir It Up Turntable and Get Together Duo Speaker Set Bundle (£322.48) may tempt me back to days of yore, though. With a solid bamboo plinth and aluminium fittings, the turntable is a smart-looking piece of kit. The arm may be a bit faffy to balance and the anti-skating is a bit fiddly, but that’s about the only time-consuming thing involved in set-up. The Get Together speakers, one powered via mains and one rechargeable, are easily connected via Bluetooth. The turntable’s built-in pre-amp means users avoid the additional cost of buying an amp, plus the additional wiring. The turntable’s USB port also offers the facility to convert vinyl to digital files. The sound is pretty solid and the products are made with a strong sustainability ethic. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives.