Cristiano Ronaldo has been left out of Manchester United’s squad for Saturday’s pre-season friendly against Atletico Madrid in Oslo. The club’s superstar forward wants to leave little over 12 months after his emotional Old Trafford homecoming and has missed United’s pre-season campaign and the start to Erik ten Hag’s tenure. Ronaldo attended showdown talks at the club’s Carrington training base with his agent Jorge Mendes earlier this week in what was his first face-to-face conversation with Ten Hag since his appointment as Ralf Rangnick’s successor. Mendes is understood to have informed United that there is a live offer on the table from a club which matches Ronaldo’s criteria and that United should allow his client to leave on account of his loyalty to them. Ronaldo wants to join a club competing in next season’s Champions League so he can solidify his position as the competitions leading goalscorer and appearance maker. Bayern Munich, Barcelona and Chelsea have distanced themselves from making a move for the five-time Ballon d’Or winner, while Atletico Madrid insist they do not have the required funds to facilitate a deal. Ronaldo has spent the majority of pre-season in Portugal for family reasons and had refused to comment on speculation surrounding his future until today when he broke his silence on social media, addressing the ‘lies’ he claims have been told about him. ‘Impossible not to talk about me one day,’ said Ronaldo. ‘Otherwise the press makes no money. You know that if you don’t lie you can’t get people’s attention. Keep going that one day you get some news right.’ United are due to fly to Oslo this evening but will be without last season’s 24-goal top scorer who will remain in Manchester to build up his fitness ahead of next week’s Premier League opener against Brighton. New signings Christian Eriksen and Lisandro Martinez, who played in a behind closed doors friendly against Wrexham on Wednesday, make the trip. Eric Bailly, linked with a move to Jose Mourinho’s Roma, and Raphael Varane have also not been included in the squad. A makeshift United team is set to face Rayo Vallecano at Old Trafford on Sunday, but it remains unclear as to whether that duo, as well as Ronaldo, will feature. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo hits out at ‘lies’ over his Manchester United future MORE : Benjamin Sesko’s agent meets with John Murtough as Manchester United weigh up move for Cristiano Ronaldo’s replacement For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 