Love Island viewers were left in hysterics after Adam Collard claimed he ‘hit the jackpot’ with Jacques O’Neill’s emotional exit, moments after Adam told Paige Thorne that he wasn’t actually ‘buzzing’ that Jacques left. 23-year-old Jacques made the tough decision to leave the hit dating show after tearfully admitting he hadn’t been feeling himself to paramedic Paige, 24. Although Paige felt guilty for continuing the experience without him, Jacques stressed that she shouldn’t ‘think about him’ when he was gone, and promised that he’ll be waiting for her on the outside. Meanwhile, Adam, the returning bombshell from series four, took his chances and picked Paige for a very flirty date, later describing her as ‘wifey material’ to the other boys. Ahead of their date, the 26-year-old bombshell told Paige that he wasn’t actually ‘buzzing’ that Jacques had left, but not long later in the Beach Hut, Adam claimed: ‘I’ve hit the jackpot with Jacques going. ‘I think whether Jacques was in the villa or not, it would still be okay and it would still be a bit of a vibe, I think she would still entertain me because of what happened in the past.’ Viewers were baffled by Adam swapping from pretending to not be ‘buzzing’ over Jacques’ exit to actually confessing he ‘hit the jackpot’. One wrote: ‘Not the “people thought I was buzzing when Jacques left” to “I’ve hit the jackpot with Jacques leaving”, pick a lane Adam.’ Another penned: ‘How can Adam say he’s not buzzing that Jacques is gone to Paige but then say he’s hit the jackpot with Jacques going in the Beach Hut I’m screaming,’ while a third added: ‘Adam is a menace but I love it.’ The previous evening, Jacques tearfully revealed to Paige that he was leaving the villa, saying that he hadn’t recently been feeling like himself, and the only way to ‘get back to myself’ was by going home. ‘Do what you’ve got to do. You just do what you have to do. Don’t even think about me when I leave,’ he said, as she replied through her tears: ‘Are you joking?’ Paige confessed that she felt ‘guilty’, while Jacques reassured her that she had nothing to feel guilty about by choosing to stay. ‘It’s the only way I’m gonna get back to myself… I can’t carry on like this,’ Jacques told Paige, before calling the rest of the islanders to the firepit to announce he was heading home. Before he left the house, Jacques implied that he was confessing he was in love with Paige, saying that while he ‘didn’t want to say it’: ‘I do,’ as she pressed him to divulge what he meant. He also promised that he would be waiting for outside the villa, pledging to pick her up at the airport while saying how he wants her to be his girlfriend. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers cringe as Coco Lodge stuck in bed next to loved-up Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish finally mentions Gemma Owen’s dad Michael Owen with cheesy football nod – and reveals reason for not going official yet 