It’s been a very dramatic week in the Love Island villa, so Metro.co.uk is back once again to give you the ultimate guide to how compatible the current couples are. This week we’ve seen a shock exit, in the form of rugby ace Jacques O’Neill, as well as a re-entry into the Love Island villa. Yep, one of the OGs himself, Adam Collard, made a return to Majorca to have another shot at love, which seems to be going pretty well so far. Elsewhere, we’ve seen Tasha Ghouri solidify her relationship with Andrew Le Page by asking him to be her boyfriend, as well as both dropping the L-bomb. Luca Bish also said three very big words to Gemma Owen, after the pair went on their first date outside of the villa this week. We even saw Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti begin to relax into their pairing, with the Italian stallion admitting to some ‘big, big feelings’ for the Turkish soap actress. That was until the programme’s famous Movie Night was brought back by producers, which fans will see continue to fold in tonight’s episode. While we’ve only just scratched the surface of this week’s antics, we’re on-hand to give you the lowdown on which couples are on flames, or a bit more lukewarm, after a packed batch of episodes. Louella Alderson, relationship expert and co-founder of dating site So Syncd, is back to provide her thoughts on exactly who are the most and least compatible pairings of the moment, exclusively for Metro.co.uk. Gemma and Luca are once again the most compatible couple in the villa. Neither of them has had their heads even remotely turned by any new bombshells. They appear to be on the same wavelength with lots of things, and they clearly have a strong connection. However, things might not be as picture-perfect as they appear. This week, Luca’s overprotective and overbearing behaviour was called into question by Love Island’s OG, Adam Collard. With cheeky chappy Billy hovering around Gemma like a schoolboy with a crush, and new bombshells pulling Gemma for chats, Luca has had to confront his own jealousy issues and do some self-reflection in the diary room. Gemma clearly doesn’t like this behaviour and she has previously mentioned that it gives her ‘the ick’. She even scoffed to Billy that ‘friends can’t hug’, and rolled her eyes when Luca was predictably unhappy after watching the clip at Friday’s ‘Mad Movies’ night. Gemma has never given Luca a reason to doubt her and has always confronted their issues in a cool, calm and collected manner. Although recently, she has started to become exasperated with it. In relationships, you shouldn’t project your own insecurities onto your partner, particularly when they have consistently been loyal and trustworthy. This behaviour could end up pushing someone away because nobody wants to keep defending themselves and having to justify their behaviour when they’re not doing anything wrong. Although Gemma and Luca weathered this week’s storm, there may be some cracks beginning to show. Mad Movie night was Luca’s chance to keep his cool but it seems his reaction was true to form. We look forward to seeing how this plays out on Sunday. They say the path to true love never runs smoothly, but Davide saying his partner is ‘as fake as a Louis Vuitton from China’ really takes the biscuit. In the early days of dating, it’s common for people to keep their options open, get to know other people, and make mistakes. In life outside the villa, Ekin-Su kissing Jay after a couple of days of knowing Davide would be seen as relatively normal behaviour, as she would have made no commitments to Davide in such a short space of time. However, the villa is a more intense environment and subsequently, emotions are heightened and relationships evolve in double time. When embarking upon a romance with someone new, we don’t know how seriously or deeply our feelings for them will develop. Therefore, our behaviour at the six-month mark is unlikely to reflect behaviour a mere 3 days in. Although we aren’t excusing Ekin-Su’s sneakiness with Jay, we are saying that she deserves a second chance and that Davide should not let his future be ruled by the past. It’s evident that Ekin-Su and Davide have a strong connection. They both came back from Casa Amor single, and they make each other laugh which is a crucial component of a successful relationship. A few weeks further down the line, real feelings for one another are blossoming, and this comes hand in hand with vulnerability. Davide’s doubts have us wondering whether his anger is fuelled by his own insecurities. Ekin-Su’s reaction to his outburst showed maturity and respect for Davide’s feelings. She wants to build a strong foundation for their future relationship, and effective communication and trust are the hallmarks of every great couple. The question is, can Davide forgive and forget, or should he just forget? Along with the rest of the nation, we are rooting for everyone’s favourite divorced parents. Andrew and Tasha found their way back to one another faster than Usain Bolt’s 100m sprint at the 2012 Olympics. This week, somewhere between the tears, tantrums and t*t sucking (or whatever), they’ve celebrated becoming Love Island Class of 2022’s first official couple. It’s clear that Tasha and Andrew provide a lot of emotional support for each other. In a relationship, it’s important to be attentive and understanding of your partner and their feelings. It is also important to be supportive, both emotionally and practically, particularly when your partner is going through a tough time. Andrew has displayed these positive attributes this week, by continually comforting Tasha and proving his commitment to her. With the pair finding themselves in the bottom three once again, Tasha predictably became very upset. Despite the group trying to refocus her attention on the happy news of her new official relationship status, it was clear that she cared more about the public’s opinion of her, and how she is being perceived by the viewers at home. Throughout this, Andrew remained steadfastly at her side and did not waiver in his support. This shows promise for their relationship, as he is clearly trying to put her feelings first. We have to hope that Tasha will start mirroring this behaviour as their relationship progresses. Although Casa Amor may feel like a distant memory (and for some a nightmare they want to forget) the decisions our couples made are still reverberating around the villa. What goes on tour definitely doesn’t stay on tour, and sadly we are certain that Andrew and Tasha are set to face even more turbulent times in the wake of Mad Movies night. Like the rest of the UK, we were devastated when Dami did the dirty on Indiyah at Casa Amor. Although she technically did the same thing, it felt like her actions were driven more by a need to protect herself than by a genuine desire to find a better connection. Indiyah had an intuition that Dami would be tempted to stray and unfortunately, she was proved right. But all is not lost here; the two have found their way back to one another and Dami has learned a valuable lesson: that the grass is not always greener on the other side. Indiyah handled this difficult situation with class and dignity, and we believe that Dami responded positively to that energy. Although Summer is undoubtedly a lovely girl, Dami finally realised that Indiyah is displaying all the characteristics of a woman he could build a mature, adult relationship. Their communication styles are very similar and this means that they were able to discuss what happened at Casa Amor in a calm way, ensuring they heard one another’s perspectives and it was clear that they were trying to understand where the other was coming from. By contrast, Paige struggled to get a serious conversation or, crucially, an apology from Jacques, who initially seemed completely unwilling to confront his own mistake. Dami, as always, was on hand to offer advice to Jacques on how to communicate more effectively (and respectfully) with Paige. Dami’s own self-reflection felt genuine, and his and Indiyah’s rekindling is a direct result of their good, clear communication; the foundation for every great relationship. It will be interesting to see how Indiyah reacts to clips of Dami’s behaviour shown on Mad Movies night, as it’s one thing knowing what he did, but another knowing how we went about doing it. It’s undoubtedly been a tough week for Paige. With Jacques leaving so suddenly, (and mysteriously?) it appeared her Love Island journey might have come to an untimely end. However, the man mountain that is Adam Collard walked in and boom! Her love life has had a much-needed makeover. From where we’re sitting, it appears that Paige and Adam are far more compatible than her and Jacques, and this is due to the different stages Paige and Jacques are in their lives right now. For a relationship to have longevity, it is important to share similar ideals and be on a similar timeline to each other, so that you can grow and progress together. Jacques still seems very young in his approach to life and is unsure of what he wants, hence his behaviour at Casa Amor. Whereas Paige has a clear vision for her future and what characteristics she is looking for in a man. Although we don’t advise being regimental with your ‘list for a perfect partner’, it’s a good thing to know yourself. Settling for something you know isn’t right for you, in the long run, will only end in tears, and there’s a fine line between giving someone a chance and flogging a dead horse. Evidently, Jacques could not give her what she needs or wants right now, and it’s likely that deep down she knew this, hence why she chose to stay in the villa rather than leave with him. Unfortunately for these star-crossed lovers, the timing was simply not right. By contrast, in walks Adam with his ‘player’ years behind him and looking for commitment. There’s no doubt, that Adam, is more mature than Jacques and, having been through the Love Island experience before, he knows how to handle the aftermath of leaving such a popular show. For the couples to stay together throughout the craziness of sudden fame post-villa, they will need to make each other their priority, and ensure they set aside protected time to spend alone together. Paige is being open-minded about Adam because he is displaying a sincerity that Jacques did not. In successful relationships, couples should remain connected regardless of what is going on around them. We’re unsure if Paige would be able to hold Jacques’ attention on the outside, or whether he’d end up behaving like a kid in a candy shop. The question is for Paige, does absence really make the heart grow fonder, and will Jacques be waiting for her on the outside? Billy and Danica are the villa’s newest couple, and the one we’ve seen the least this week. However, they seem to be enjoying more action than most of the OG’s recently! Danica has had a tough time and we’d like to see her find some happiness, but we can’t help but wonder if Billy is using her as a meal ticket to stay in the villa. Danica’s relationship style is open-minded and she would rather give things time than throw in the towel too quickly. This is a mature approach to love and life, and it’s one that will usually result in long-term success. However, her eagerness to give everything a go, combined with her seeming inability to read the room, means that she could end up wasting her time pursuing connections that aren’t real. Both Billy and Danica are positive and optimistic individuals, and this could work well in a romantic relationship. Successful partnerships are built when people encourage and support each other. Both Billy and Danica have had knockbacks, and neither have let them dampen their spirits. They have known each other for a few weeks and they haven’t expressed any interest in one another until now. However, meaningful connections form over time and it’s important to remember that you don’t need to be swept off your feet by someone immediately for a relationship to be successful. Saying this though, genuine attraction to one another is needed to help things progress.Danica’s glass-half-full outlook is one of her best qualities, and it’s sure to serve her well when it comes to finding a relationship; whether it’s with Billy or with someone new. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Indiyah Polack’s protective mum orders Dami Hope not to hurt her in Love Island villa: ‘He’s still on probation in my eyes’ MORE : Love Island fans in bits as Ekin-Su Culculoglu and Davide Saclimenti do genuinely perfect impressions of each other 