Mikel Arteta insists he will continue to try to bolster his Arsenal squad until the end of the transfer window but has remained tight-lipped over the club’s move for Manchester City star Oleksandr Zinchenko. Arsenal have signed Brazilian duo Marquinhos and Gabriel Jesus, American goalkeeper Matt Turner and Portuguese midfielder Fabio Vieira so far this summer. But Arteta is keen to strengthen his squad further while the transfer market remains open, with Arsenal closing in on a £30m deal for Man City’s Zinchenko. Asked about Arsenal’s transfer window so far and his plans for the next few weeks, Arteta said: ‘We’ve been trying to [sign players earlier] and we have two recruitments already. ‘Until the end of the market we will keep trying to improve the squad and there are so many parties involved and sometimes things are not as quick as you want.’ Pressed for an update on Arsenal’s pursuit of Zinchenko, Arteta added: ‘There is no update with anybody and when there are updates we will let you know. ‘We’re looking at different options in different positions and we’ll give you an update when we have it.’ Arteta says one of his summer signings is already making a big impression on the group, with former Man City striker Jesus bringing a ‘special energy’ to Arsenal. ‘He has a smile on his face and he feels important,’ Arteta said. ‘He’s bringing a special energy to the group and big experience.’ Jesus has scored in both of Arsenal’s pre-season friendlies to date and will look to continue his fast start in north London on Thursday when the Gunners face Orlando City. On his first few weeks as an Arsenal player, Jesus said: ‘I’m really happy to be here, the way everyone welcomed me was amazing. I’m so happy to be part of this group.’ MORE : Sergio Aguero says Man City will miss Gabriel Jesus following Arsenal move MORE : Emile Smith Rowe compares new Arsenal signing Fabio Vieira to Man City star For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 