Wales has provisionally recorded its hottest day ever, the Met Office has confirmed. The mercury hit a sizzling 37.1C in Hawarden, Flintshire. Temperatures could rise even further still, with a few more hours of peak sunshine to come. England is also on its way to recording its own hottest temperature – 38.7C set in Cambridge in 2019. Both nations are under the first ever red alert for ‘extreme heat’ until midnight on Tuesday. Transport bosses have urged Britons to avoid travel unless it is essential, amid fears the UK could see thousands of excess deaths during the heatwave. Millions more people worked from home today to avoid the severe disruption. Network Rail said the number of passengers using Britain’s major stations was around 20% down on a week ago. Train speed restrictions were imposed to reduce the chances of tracks buckling in the heat and causing even more delays and cancellations. Many operators are running a heavily reduced timetable today and tomorrow, including Avanti West Coast, CrossCountry, Great Northern and Thameslink. The emergency services have issued urgent appeals to stay out of dangerous waterways and reservoirs after a spate of deaths. A 13-year-old boy died after going missing in a river in Ovingham, Northumberland, while two 16-year-old boys died in separate incidents in Salford Quays and Bray Lake near Maidenhead. A 50-year-old man also tragically lost his life swimming in a reservoir near Leeds. Detective Inspector Phil Hughes said: ‘This is a tragic incident in which a man has lost his life. ‘This incident serves as a timely reminder about the dangers of swimming in open water. ‘The weather is due to get hotter this week. I would urge people to not enter or swim in reservoirs or open waters.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.