Travis Barker thanked his mother-in-law Kris Jenner for sending him flowers and well-wishes as he continues to recover from pancreatitis after leaving hospital. The Blink-182 drummer, 46, had been rushed to hospital last week with life-threatening pancreatitis following a routine endoscopy. He had been looked after by medics in hospital for several days but now appears to be continuing his recovery at home. Travis shared a photo of a stunning bouquet of orange flowers on Instagram, including roses and dahlias, with a note reading: ‘Dearest Travis, get well soon!!! We love you, Kris and Corey, xo.’ He added a ‘thank you’ to Kris, 66, and her partner Corey Gamble, 41, while his wife Kourtney Kardashian, 43, also shared more snaps of the same bouquet. Travis and Kourtney appeared to celebrate him being on the road to recovery as they both shared photos of the same orange convertible truck before Kourtney filmed her kids, Penelope and Reign, sitting in the back. Although she did not post any footage of Travis himself, both of them shared snaps of the same stunning shoreline. Over the weekend, the couple both addressed Travis’s hospitalisation, with the drummer writing: ‘I went in for an endoscopy Monday feeling great. But after dinner I developed excruciating pain and have been hospitalised ever since. ‘During the endoscopy I had a very small polyp removed right in a very sensitive area, usually handled by specialists, which unfortunately damaged a critical pancreatic drainage tube. This resulted in severe, life-threatening pancreatitis.’ He added: ‘I am so very very grateful that with intensive treatment I am currently much better.’ Kourtney added: ‘‘I am so grateful to God for healing my husband, for all of your prayers for him and for us, for the overwhelming outpouring of love and support. I am so touched and appreciative. ‘I am so so thankful to our specialists, doctors and nurses at Cedars Sinai for taking such wonderful care of my husband and me during our stay.’ Travis’s bandmate Tom DeLonge also shared his well-wishes by sharing a photo of the band looking at one another’s pants in a throwback photoshoot, adding: ‘Best of love to @travisbarker as he’s healing right now. ‘Here’s an old pic that I always thought was a good representation of our curiosity about each other’s bodies.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Travis Barker opens up on life-threatening pancreatitis as Kourtney Kardashian thanks doctors for saving her husband MORE : Travis Barker’s ex Shanna Moakler prays for his recovery after hospitalisation: ‘He is in great hands’ 