It really wouldn’t be a Margot Robbie party on the set of her Babie film if she didn’t celebrate turning 32 in absolute nostalgic style. We’re talking with a classic Barbie cake. The Australian actress is currently playing the beloved children’s character in a new live-action movie opposite Ryan Gosling as Ken – in case you’re yet to see any of the roughly 34 billion photos that have come from the set so far – and she rang in her big day on set with a very special pink cake. You know the one, straight from our childhood, with a Barbie doll sticking out of the top, with the base arranged to look like a pink ballgown. In the past, some opted for marshmallows (yes, fancy pants, indeed), but Margot’s was a simple iced situation. In photos purported to be of Margot’s pile o’ sugar, the cake presented to her on her July 2 birthday was emblazoned with the words ‘Happy Birthday Barbie Margot’. The star was also pictured carrying a big box of doughnuts on set along with a white party hat, while her husband Tom Ackerley was also seen on hand to help the actress celebrate her special day. Margot has opened up about the movie role in an interview with Vogue magazine, insisting the Greta Gerwig-directed film is not what most people expect it to be. She explained: ‘It comes with a lot of baggage! And a lot of nostalgic connections. But with that come a lot of exciting ways to attack it. People generally hear Barbie and think, “I know what that movie is going to be,” and then they hear that Greta Gerwig is writing and directing it, and they’re like, “Oh, well, maybe I don’t”.’ Amy Schumer was originally cast in the role of Barbie but later dropped out and explained her exit was due to creative differences. The comedian told The Hollywood Reporter: ‘They definitely didn’t want to do it the way I wanted to do it, the only way I was interested in doing it … ‘I felt like I was disappointing my team by not being Barbie. The idea that that’s just what every woman must want, right there, I should have gone, “You’ve got the wrong gal”.’ MORE : Leaked clip reveals what Margot Robbie’s Barbie sounds like MORE : Woman’s nude bikini steals show from Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling as they filmed Barbie and Ken beach scenes and fans can’t get over it Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.