Grieving relatives may never know why a ‘loving’ father killed his partner and their daughters before turning the gun on himself. Robert Needham, 42, used a legally held shotgun to kill Ava, four, and Lexi, two, at close range. He then fired at Kelly Fitzgibbons, 40, hitting her in the arm before a fatal shot to her head. Their dog Billy was also killed with the gun bought days earlier by Needham, who then took his own life. The family were last seen by a delivery driver at their home in Woodmancote, West Sussex, on the first Saturday of the Covid lockdown in March 2020. The family had what appeared to be an unremarkable night, said Horsham coroner Bridget Dolan QC. Needham, who worked as a builder, also took part in a family Facetime call before the massacre, and nothing seemed out of the ordinary at all. The coroner praised remarkable dignity and composure shown by Kelly’s family, who attended the inquest. Ms Dolan said: ‘I’m so sorry this inquest has not been able to answer why this atrocity happened.’ She said the world had been robbed of those two bright little girls who had so much promise. Despite the lack of any explanation for the killings, It was abundantly clear Needham killed his family then himself at the converted farm building they shared with his mother. The girls got into their parents bed where their bodies were found the next day, and Kelly’s phone was still plugged in beside the bed. The coroner said it was impossible to know the timing or order in which they were killed, only that Needham was last. They were all shot from close range or with the muzzle of the gun in direct contact. Kelly, a legal secretary, had a defensive shotgun wound to her arm, which the coroner suggested was due to her raising her arm to ward of danger. Ms Dolan said: ‘Having brutally murdered his family, Robert took his own life. The outstanding question is why these dreadful events happened. ‘There’s an awful lot to speculate on but very little evidence. I’m very sorry for you there is no explanation. ‘Everybody who investigated this tried to find one for you. We just cannot take this point any further. ‘His own family said there was no plausible explanation for his diabolical actions and I agree with that,’ she added. Kelly and Robert were described as a loving couple who had been together for 14 years. They had some personal debts but nothing unmanageable, the corner said. Kelly could still afford to have her hair and nails done and the family had two holidays planned. Text messages in the two months leading up to lockdown showed there were tensions in their relationship, with Kelly raising the possibility they should take a break. ‘However, there were no threats, no swearing, no sustained or lengthy argument,’ the coroner said. ‘At its highest, Kelly mentioned him being angry. Nothing to raise any suggestion of violence or provide any reason for the subsequent callous actions of Robert.’ Robert Needham had been treated for depression, although he had never been referred to a psychiatrist, the coroner said. Hampshire and Sussex Police had shown a lack of investigative curiosity when considering Needham’s applications for a shotgun and firearms licence. The coroner said even thought there are significant questions about the licensing procedure, further scrutiny of his applications would not have led to rejections. Needham had lied on the application forms and police should have investigated further, the inquest heard. He failed to disclose important details about his medical history – including periods of depression and work-related stress – and a police caution he received as a youth. During the process, a firearms enquiry officer visited Needham for a face-to-face interview at his home and said police would check its database and speak to his GP to assess his suitability to own a gun. At that point, Needham admitted he had not mentioned a police caution handed to him over his involvement in a bicycle theft. When asked why he did not disclose it, he said he did not think it was relevant, adding that his partner had filled out the form because ‘he didn’t write well’. ‘There’s no record of any probing of these rather lame excuses whatsoever,’ Ms Dolan said. However, she added that there ‘was nothing that would of itself have justified the refusal of a licence to Robert’. The guidance on gun licensing has since been changed in a 2021 update to make it more difficult for people to lie on application forms, she added. In a statement, Kelly’s family branded Needham’s attack a ‘premeditated act of evil’ and said his legal access to the firearm was what enabled him to kill them in ‘such a fast and cowardly way’. They said: ‘Kelly was not a victim of domestic abuse up until the night of their murders and although there was no indication of what Rob was capable of, it is clear from the investigation that this was a premeditated act of evil. ‘We firmly believe that if Rob hadn’t legally accessed a weapon that allowed him to kill them in such a fast and cowardly way, they would still be here now.’ The family branded the exchange of information between police and GPs over gun licensing applications a ‘shambles’ and said more improvements were needed to the current system. ‘We don’t want Kelly, Ava and Lexi to be remembered as murder victims. We want their memory as the beautiful and very-loved souls they were to live on,’ the family said. ‘We miss them every single day, they’ve left a hole in our hearts that will never ever be filled.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Parkland shooter’s trial begins with chilling videos of ‘systemic murder’ as jury weighs death penalty MORE : Buffalo supermarket gunman could face death penalty after being indicted on federal hate crimes charges