Love Island viewers wrapped their arms around Danica Taylor from afar as she broke down in tears after being snubbed by Billy Brown. The villa’s latest challenge, Snog, Marry, Pie, caused chaos for some islanders with Dami Hope kissing former love interest Summer Botwe in front of his sort-of girlfriend Indiyah Polack, and virtually every boy choosing to pie Tasha Ghouri. Unfortunately for Danica, the game exposed some hurtful truths about her coupling with Billy, who chose to kiss Gemma Owen and marry Paige Thorne, two girls he’s expressed interest in previously. Naturally, Danica was upset over the snub and told the girls as she broke down in tears: ‘Why don’t I deserve that? I don’t understand. ‘Not one person genuinely wants to get to know me romantically, I don’t understand.’ Elsewhere in the villa, Billy was getting a grilling from other islanders with Adam Collard telling him point blank: ‘Mate you royally f****d it.’ During a heart-to-heart, Billy explained that he only snogged and married Gemma and Paige as he thought it was ‘banter’ but now ‘regretted it’ after seeing how it made Danica feel. She told him: ‘I could see myself moving forwardly in a romantic scenario with you,’ but Billy revealed doubt and replied: ‘I know why you’re annoyed, I do get it but for me right now I’m not feeling that romantic thing.’ The tension only grew when Danica learned from the girls that Billy had told the boys they’d been ‘intimate’ a couple nights before, which Tasha and Ekin-Su agreed was a ‘d**k move’. ‘I thought they all knew because of the way they were acting,’ Billy told Danica, who said: ‘It’s like a lack of respect for me.’ He then explained: ‘For me to be in here and lead someone on is not how I am. You and me have got to stay true to how we feel and it’s worrying.’ Danica said in the Beach Hut: ‘This is the fifth time now I’ve been given the no.’ However, showing that resilience we’ve all grown fond of, Danica laughed: ‘Quite frankly he was f*****g punching anyway.’ Just when viewers thought the dust had settled, the girls hyped Danica up a little more at their party the next day, with her fuming: ‘It’s really f*****g out of order.’ Billy seemed confused by her renewed anger and told her: ‘I’m baffled yesterday it was all good. Your tune has changed a lot since yesterday.’ Danica then informed him: ‘They’ve opened my eyes up to how much of a pushover I’ve been and your behaviour is disgusting. You’ve come across as a pig.’ Gemma who was eavesdropping with the islanders quipped proudly: ‘She’s literally got him by the balls.’ All fired up, Danica then continued: ‘You’ve walked all over me. Shut your mouth. ‘I’m worth more than that, anyone would be lucky to have me.’ Billy then remarked as she walked off: ‘This girl is drama.’ The dancer had the full support of viewers who felt sorry for her being pied yet again, with one commenting: ‘Poor danica man, I just wanna give a massive hug.’ Another agreed: ‘Not me crying with Danica man i hate this show.’ ‘Feel so sorry for danica man I can’t watch,’ one viewer tweeted. Another declared: ‘I feel so bad for Danica man we love you.’ Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island viewers champion ‘iconic’ Indiyah Polack for throwing engagement ring into pool after Dami Hope’s passionate kiss with Summer Botwe MORE : Married At First Sight UK’s Adam Aveling and Tayah Victoria evacuated from home as scorching heatwave causes fire behind home: ‘Scary afternoon’ 