Have you ever broached the topic of Lidl and Aldi’s mystical middle aisle at the pub? I would highly recommend it. One friend tells of the time they stopped by Aldi on the way to a birthday party ‘to find the weirdest thing in the middle aisle to give [the host] as a present’:  ‘In the end it came down to a choice between a small woodchopping axe, or a long-handled sledgehammer.’ Others tell of saving £200 on baby products in times of need. Through eccentricity or bargain-hunting, Aldi Special Buys and Lidl’s Middle of Lidl products have become an iconic British shopping experience – so much so that we bring you a roundup of each every Thursday. We love a good deal, but what makes these buys so worthy of conversation is not just the discounts, but their strangeness. From lumberjack equipment to tech dupes to gardening gear, coffee grinders, fishing tackle and tubs of ready-made icing, you never know what lies in store for you when you approach the middle aisle of these budget European supermarkets. But how do products end up there? And are these deals really saving us money? ‘Our Specialbuys team are constantly on the hunt for amazing, quality products that will add a little bit of excitement to the weekly shop, whether it’s a mountain bike, flat-screen TV or hanging egg chair,’ a spokesperson from Aldi tells Metro.co.uk. According to the German food giant, that hanging egg chair once sold out online in less than four minutes. That’s five times faster than Glastonbury resale tickets sold out this year. A spokesperson for rival middle aisle megastore, Lidl, who have been offering middle aisle discounts for over 25 years, explains that ‘economics of scale’ as ‘part of the largest retail group in Europe’ means that they can source these non-food products for discounted prices and sell them for ‘unbeatable value’. All these discounts ‘are pre-planned far in advance by both supermarkets and lots of research goes into what items will be available,’ says Holly Smith, money-saving expert and founder of the nearly 200,000 strong Facebook group Coupon Queen UK. So why do Brits go so wild for these steals? Cathrine Jansson-Boyd, a consumer psychologist from Angela Ruskin University explains that ‘it’s actually all very physiological’ because ‘our brain has a rewards system and this is activated when we think we are either getting a very good price’. ‘We are very much driven by that,’ she tells us, adding that ‘this kind of excitement  can be even more heightened when we’re in difficult financial times.’ But are we getting swept up in the hype? At the height of a cost-of-living crisis we have to ask: are these deals really saving us money or, encouraging us to buy things we don’t really need? Does anyone really need a hanging egg chair or a special sunshade just for their dog? ‘We get a bit carried away,’ says Cathrine. ‘The fact that something is good value for money will make us buy it even if we don’t always need it.’ Money-saving expert Holly Smith agrees: ‘The middle aisle ‘is designed to make you spend more in-store  – so people need to be careful. Her thinking is that the middle aisle is ultimately a marketing ploy to ‘get you through the door’, which is why there is often so little stock of specific bargains. For example, Aldi once sold a Lego Star Wars set for £100 less than the average retail price, causing people to queue for hours outside stores, only to find out there was only one set in each branch. But the tactic had worked: the hype had brought people into store where they’d inevitably buy something else. For this reason, Holly advises customers who are trying to save money to ‘avoid the middle aisle or only take enough cash to cover your groceries’. ‘That way you can’t make impulse purchases,’ she explains. Her top tip for middle aisle discounts is that items that don’t sell in store end up online – ‘where customers can save up to 80% Off the original Specialbuy price.’ Cathrine backs this, suggesting: ‘The only way of overriding the impulsive element of shopping is to take a shopping list and ticks things off as you go along.’ With Scandi anti-waste supermarket, Motato, launching in the UK this year, you might be wondering if there are any environmental motivations behind middle aisle discounting. ‘There’s no evidence of this,’ says Cathrine, ‘but something might not have sold as well as predicted, which means [Lidl or Aldi] might be able to go in and sweep up a large amount of it for a good price to resell.’ In this way, the retail model is arguably stopping things from being scrapped. Whatever the motivations of these big brands (spoiler: it’s their bottom line), we can’t deny the powerful effect of the middle aisle on Britain’s shopping habits. Be sure to take a shopping list with you if you don’t want to end up with seven pizza ovens, a sledgehammer and a loaf of Soreen fruitbread. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : Making money make sense: How this week’s financial news affects you MORE : Stock up your drinks cabinet with these Amazon Prime Day alcohol deals