Piers Morgan said it was a ‘great honour’ to host the First Lady of Ukraine’s Summit of First Ladies & Gentlemen in Kyiv amid the war against Russia. The former Good Morning Britain presenter was invited to Kyiv to host the second annual event by Olena Zelenska, the First Lady of Ukraine. It also featured an appearance from her husband, Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky. Sharing photos on Twitter, Piers said: ‘Great honour to host the First Lady of Ukraine’s Summit of First Ladies & Gentlemen in Kyiv, featuring many world leaders & celebrities incl President Zelensky. ‘Thanks for inviting me @olenazelenska_official – an unforgettable experience. Slava Ukraini! [Glory to Ukraine!].’ Piers arrived in Ukraine earlier this week, sharing a photo of the capital city and writing: ‘Good morning from Kyiv.’ He also shared a video of air raid sirens, explaining: ‘Heard these too. Feels reasonably normal/safe here in Kyiv until you hear the sirens go off and get instantly reminded the whole country is a war zone and Ukrainians have to live with this threat/fear every day.’ Jill Biden, First Lady of the United States, joined the event virtually, and 21 other first ladies were in attendance, Zelenska said. She said (via the New York Post): We should stay united. We are inviting everyone, all those who support the victory over brutality, to join us.’ Zelenska said the event aims to organise for Ukraine’s post-war future. On Saturday, Russian missiles hit Ukraine’s Black Sea port of Odesa hours after Moscow and Kyiv signed deals ending a blockade of grain exports from the city. The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry denounced the strike as ‘spit in the face’ of Turkey and the United Nations, which brokered the agreements. Two Russian missiles hit the port’s infrastructure and Ukrainian air defences brought down two others, the country’s military said. Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko said: ‘It took less than 24 hours for Russia to launch a missile attack on Odesa’s port, breaking its promises and undermining its commitments before the UN and Turkey under the Istanbul agreement. ‘In case of non-fulfilment, Russia will bear full responsibility for a global food crisis.’ MORE : Ozzy Osbourne snubs Piers Morgan’s talk show last-minute after ‘becoming a diva’ post-surgery: ‘He’s done a runner’ MORE : Piers Morgan calls out Penny Mordaunt as Tory leadership candidate ‘turns down’ Uncensored interviews 