Sarina Wiegman praised the ‘courage’ of England super-sub Alessia Russo after she scored a sensational backheel goal during the Lionesses’ crushing 4-0 Euro 2022 semi-final win over Sweden. The Manchester United striker came off the bench at Brammal Lane with her side already coasting towards a place in the final thanks to goals from Beth Mead and Lucy Bronze either side of half-time. Russo has made telling contributions throughout the tournament from the bench and did so again in the 68th minute, delivering arguably the goal of the competition so far. The 23-year-old recovered her composure having seen a chance she should have buried from six yards saved by Hedvig Lindahl, and instinctively backheeled the ball through the legs of the Sweden goalkeeper. ‘You must have so much courage to do such an unpredictable and phenomenal thing like that,’ said Wiegman afterwards. ‘It was really nice to watch. ‘She came on and impacted the game again very well. I think also it was a point in the game where we got more and more control so that helped a little bit too. ‘She had the cutback and then she hit it first at the goalkeeper, but you must have so much courage to do such an unpredictable and phenomenal thing like that like no one could ever react on it. ‘At 3-0 so it was like the last final hit that we knew ‘OK now we just need to consolidate and finish and manage this game’.’ Russo, who is pushing veteran forward Ellen White for a place in the starting line-up ahead of Sunday’s showdown against either Germany or France, admitted afterwards that she had made life somewhat difficult for herself by squandering the simple chance that forced her improvise in such spectacular fashion. ‘I could have made it a lot easier for myself if I’d scored the first one,’ said Russo. ‘But yeah, it fell nicely, but I don’t remember it too much about it, I just thought it was the quickest route to get it in the back of the net without having to turn. ‘I was fortunate it went in. I didn’t really see it go in, so I don’t know how it went in but I just celebrated and I enjoyed the moment.’ Wiegman, mwanwhile, believes England have created a small slice of history with their achievement, regardless of what happens at Wembley this weeknd, in front of 28,624 fans in Sheffield. ‘You said ‘are you ready to write history’ – I think this is a little history,’ she said. ‘We said before the tournament and we still say it every time that we want to inspire the nation – I think that’s what we’re doing and we want to make a difference – and we hope that we will get everyone so enthusiastic and proud of us and that even more girls and boys start playing football.’ MORE : David Beckham thanks England’s women’s team for ‘inspiring’ daughter Harper after reaching Euros final MORE : England men’s stars lead the praise for the Lionesses as they reach Women’s Euros final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 