Sevilla’s sporting director Monchi claims Chelsea were to blame for missing out on a deal for Barcelona’s new centre-back Jules Kounde. Chelsea had agreed a £55 million deal with Sevilla last week and also finalised personal terms with the France international. Barcelona president Joan Laporta even conceded defeat by telling a supporter that Kounde was heading to Chelsea. But Monchi has revealed that Chelsea ‘had doubts’ about signing Kounde and called a halt to the negotiations which then allowed Barcelona to move in to complete a €55m (£46.1m) deal with Sevilla. ‘At the beginning of the market there were more suitors than there were at the end, more interested clubs,’ Monchi said about Kounde’s situation on Friday. ‘In the final stretch, Chelsea stayed above everyone else, we’d been negotiating over the past month until to the point that we reached a verbal agreement last Thursday. ‘The player also reached an agreement but at the last moment, Chelsea had doubts. Everything stopped, there was a very good offer but they decided to stop. ‘Then Barcelona appeared. The first time that Alemany contacted me was on Monday and Barca conveyed their interest to us. We asked them for an offer that, at first, was lower than what we had in mind but it’s true that afterwards comes an important effort from Barcelona and with a significant amount, the largest in Sevilla’s history. ‘We had to negotiate with difficult conditions because we needed capital gains. The player had two years left on his contract and, if not, he was coming out this summer, we were dead. It would have been the third time we told him ‘no.’ In addition to being professional, you also have to look at the person. ‘The president, the vice president and I have achieved a very important figure without having to pay a commission or an intermediary. Whether we like it or not, the market sets the guidelines and the offers we have had, from City ,Chelsea and Barcelona have always been around a certain amount, we need to sell and we have to say it clearly. ‘The player, on Thursday night, was sold to Chelsea. With an agreement between the clubs and with the player, but, even if you have been in this world for a long time, there are situations that still surprise you. ‘There were some moves at Chelsea that made them doubt Kounde’s profile. The wait was delayed to the point that Barca appeared. ‘Chelsea wanted to come back, but Barca’s offer was better. We decided to sell him to the team that the player was satisfied to go and gave Sevilla better conditions, better conditions. The best offer we have received is from Barcelona, ​​that is how it is.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 