The Love Island moment we’ve all been waiting for has finally arrived, and it’s set to cause explosions through the villa, as Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu tries to assure Davide Sanclimenti that they’ll ‘be fine’ if they ‘pass’, but will her Casa Amor nights with bombshell George Tasker be revealed? That’s right, movie night is back. The iconic segment is sure to bring all the drama, from what we know of previous seasons, revealing to the Islanders who really stayed loyal during Casa Amor and who lied to their partners about what went down. Spoilers for tonight’s episode reveal Gemma Owen announcing a text message to the villa: ‘It’s time to get glam and hit the red carpet as you attend Mad Movies the premiere! #SpillThePopcorn #ITV2andChill.’ Dami Hope, who has rekindled old flames with Indiyah Polack, admits: ‘Personally, I know I am starring in this movie!’ Meanwhile, Ekin-Su tells Davide: ‘If we pass this we’re fine.’ But he muses to the boys: ‘Forget nothing, at the end someone will pay the bill.’ The drama is sure to be unmissable, as a source revealed earlier today: ‘Bosses have kept viewers waiting this year – but rest assured it’s going to be worth it. ‘If any Islanders thought the misdeeds of Casa Amor were behind them they are very much mistaken. ‘Pretty much all couples are at risk from what plays out on the big screen and it’s sure to be unmissable,’ the insider added to The Sun. This year, we’ve already seen Jacques O’Neill’s behaviour exposed to Paige Thorne after Cheyanne Kerr revealed their Casa Amor antics, meanwhile Coco Lodge didn’t hold back in telling Tasha Ghouri the intimate details she shared with Andrew Le Page. But, will Luca Bish find out who Gemma Owen shared a bed with? Meanwhile, will the unseen clips cause Dami and Indiyah to fall apart? We’ll just have to wait and see. The news follows fans being desperate for movie night drama, which last year caused so much chaos between Faye Winter and Teddy Soares that a record number of viewers complained to Ofcom over their explosive row. Fans have been pleading to ITV bosses for movie night to return, after fears it was axed. ‘I don’t think we are going to get a movie night because they are going to do the dumping on Sunday I think. I wanted everyone to see how foul the boys have been,’ one viewer wrote. Another fan penned: ‘They NEED to run movie night, and I don’t want edited clips I want full on sections from casa showing how the boys were talking about the girls, their behaviours and how they were hyping each other up.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island winner Millie Court urges fans ‘not to blame Liam Reardon’ for split after ‘nasty rumours’ emerge MORE : Paige Thorne’s family forced to block trolls from sending ‘hate’ at Love Island star over Jacques O’Neill and Adam Collard drama 