Nikki Bella found it ‘hard’ to walk away from her relationship with John Cena but knew ‘deep in her gut’ it was time. The 38-year-old retired wrestler – who is a WWE Hall of Famer along with her twin sister Brie – ended their six-year romance in 2018 one year after they got engaged in front of a stadium crowd at WrestleMania 33. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, she pondered: ‘You almost wish it was bad, because it’s so much easier to walk away. It’s so much harder to walk away when it’s loving.’ While she admitted it was ‘painful and even traumatising’, Nikki revealed she felt it was right to ‘walk away’. She added: ‘I think a lot of women get into this situation when it’s like, “I love this person, but I don’t know if it’s right for my life,” and that’s a hard thing. ‘Sometimes we meet amazing people, but we’re just meant to live a different life… I just got this feeling so deep in my gut of, like, “I need to walk away.” ‘And no one thought I would, but it was hitting me so hard. Even though it’s painful and even traumatizing, I just knew it was right.’ Nikki has since moved on and found love with Dancing With The Stars pro Artem Chigvintsev, and the couple’s son Matteo turns two this month. ‘This is when I know how God is good — and believing your gut and intuition and following through, good things happen. It’s hard to see it in the moment,’ she admitted, while the couple are ‘still planning’ their wedding. Meanwhile, Hollywood star Cena has also moved on, and he reportedly tied the knot with wife Shay Shariatzade for the second time last weekend. The Peacemaker star celebrated married life again, 21 months after getting hitched to his then-girlfriend in an attorney’s office in Tampa, Florida back in October 2020. he couple had their second nuptial celebration in Vancouver in Canada and were snapped in wedding attire by TMZ. In the snap, the WWE legend was seen wearing a navy blue suit as he stepped into a members-only Vancouver Club with his wife. Shay wore a white open-back halter neck gown with floral details visible from behind. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE Raw results, grades: Theory confronts John Cena as legend celebrates 20 year anniversary MORE : John Cena meets Ukrainian teenager with Down’s syndrome who used WWE star as motivation while fleeing Russian invasion 