Russia and Ukraine have signed separate agreements, clearing the way for cargo ships carrying desperately needed grain through the Black Sea. Since Vladimir Putin launched his invasion there has been a blockade on Ukrainian ports, which has had a devastating knock-on effect on the global food market. It has sent prices of grains and sunflower oil soaring, hitting pockets of Western consumers and putting developing nations at risk of famine. Russia and Ukraine together account for around 30% of global trade in crops, so their negotiations in Istanbul were seen as vital for the whole world. Both countries sent their infrastructure and defence ministers to the Turkish capital after President Tayyip Erdogan offered his country as neutral ground for talks. Negotiations to solve the issue had collapsed in March but were revived and intensified this month, with both parties finally making a breakthrough today. Russian defence minister Sergei Shoigu and Ukrainian infrastructure minister Oleksandr Kubrakov signed separate deals with UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres and Turkish defence minister Hulusi Akar. As well as clearing the Black Sea for Ukrainian cargo, it also frees up exports of Russian grain and fertiliser. Mr Guterres hailed the deal as ‘an agreement for the world’, but admitted it ‘did not come easy’ and that ‘it has been a long road’. President Erdogan said: ‘We are proud to be instrumental in an initiative that will play a major role in solving global food crisis that has been on the agenda for a long time.’ He then boldly claimed: ‘War will end at the negotiating table. This is a turning point.’ Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu said that Moscow would not ‘take advantage’ of the de-mining and opening of Ukrainian ports as part of a UN-brokered deal. He said: ‘Russia has taken on the obligations that are clearly spelled out in this document. We will not take advantage of the fact that the ports will be cleared and opened. We have made this commitment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.