Thousands of protesters have stormed the fortified centre of Baghdad and occupied the parliament. A huge crowd forced its way into the green zone in an effort to prevent the formation of a government with close ties to Iran. Supporters of populist cleric Muqtada al-Sadr tore down concrete barriers and made their way through Iraqi security forces amid reports of gunfire. The group stormed the parliament building and announced an open-ended ‘sit in’ protest, while the supreme court responded by issuing an arrest warrant for one of their leaders. At least 125 people have been injured and the stand-off risks tipping the country’s fragile politics into widespread armed violence yet again. The protests are focused on the green zone – known officially as the international zone – which serves as the hub of Iraq’s government and houses international missions behind thick layers of security. It’s the second time in a week the tightly controlled area has been stormed. Metro.co.uk has asked the Foreign Office if British staff working in the zone have been evacuated. Sadr’s party was the largest following October’s election but he failed to to form a government, refusing to work with of his Shi’ite rivals and accusing them of ties to Iran. He has previously threatened to stir up popular unrest if a government is formed which he opposes and has campaigned on an anti-corruption and anti-foreign influence platform. Critics accuse him of wielding his influence to enrich himself and say he his only interested in power on his own terms. Iraq has been without a president and prime minister for 10 months because of the deadlock in parliament. Today’s unrest comes amid signs the Coalition Framework, the loose grouping of parties Sadr opposes led by former prime minister Nouri al-Maliki, is moving closer to cutting a deal. With tensions high in Baghdad, Sadr’s rivals called on their supporters to take to the streets and protest against the occupation of the parliament building. Fearing violent clashes, the United Nations called for de-escalation, saying in a statement: ‘Voices of reason and wisdom are critical to prevent further violence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.