Alastair Campbell’s recent interview on Piers Morgan Uncensored came to an end in an unexpected fashion, when he took himself off air to resume the TV show he had on pause. On Wednesday evening, Piers welcomed Alastair and political commentator Douglas Murray onto his eponymous programme TalkTV to talk about the fallout in Parliament following multiple Tory resignations in Boris Johnson’s government. While the host might have expected the chat to become heated, he might not have anticipated former Downing Street spokesman Alastair leaving prematurely, signing off as he told his fellow broadcaster: ‘I’ll see you later.’ After the news broke that the Prime Minister had fired Michael Gove, Alastair said that in his opinion, ‘this is what happens when you elect to the highest office in the land, one of the most serious jobs in the world, somebody who is fundamentally not serious’. Douglas responded by firing back at Alastair, stating: ‘First of all I don’t think it’s appropriate for Alastair Campbell to be throwing out pseudo-medical terms about political leaders, and frankly…’ before Alastair interrupted to state: ‘Listen, I can say what I want!’ Piers tried to quell the argument by insisting that both of his guests could ‘say what the hell you like’, being on a show called Piers Morgan Uncensored. He instructed Alastair to ‘let Douglas speak’, while also calling for a ‘time out’. ‘Alastair, let Douglas have his say, then respond, you’re both uncensored, say what you like!’ the 57-year-old said. Alastair, who worked closely with Tony Blair when he was leader of the Labour Party and Prime Minister, told his host: ‘Piers, if you’re going to bring me on to talk with these right-wing nonentities who are part of the problem in this country anyway… people like Murray and The Spectator, where Johnson was spawned, they are part of the problem – they created this beast! ‘They created this man who has got no morality, no honesty, no objectivity, no openness.’ As he appeared to become increasingly frustrated by the turn of the conversation, Alastair then informed Piers that it was time for him to bid his farewell. ‘Piers, I’ve got to tell you, I thought I was coming on to talk to you, because you’re quite a serious person. I’ve got Sherwood on pause downstairs, take Douglas Murray, take him back and put him in his 55 tuppence free bin and I’ll see you later, all the best,’ he said. ‘Thank you, Alastair Campbell,’ Piers replied as Alastair disappeared from the screen, while Douglas grinned as he quipped: ‘Lots of love.’ ‘We’ve sadly lost Alastair Campbell,’ Piers added, as Douglas became the only guest on screen. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weeknights from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan blasts ‘shameful’ Boris Johnson for clinging onto leadership after Rishi Sunak and Sajid David resign MORE : ‘The party’s over’: Piers Morgan and Gary Lineker lead celebrity reactions as Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid resign 