Harry Styles already boasts an impressive acting career and it looks like it’s going to become even more Golden – literally. The former One Direction singer teased Marvel fans at the end of The Eternals movie last year, popping up in the end credits as Eros. While the superhero firm’s boss Kevin Feige confirmed the 28-year-old will reprise the role in a feature film at Comic Con last weekend, Harry is reportedly involved in even more projects than is being let on. The Watermelon Sugar performer will be hitting the big screen in not one but five Marvel Universe movies, according to insiders. According to The Sun, the deal would see Harry rake in an eye-watering amount of cash, with the source claiming it would be worth more than $100million (£82m). It’s not suprising that film bosses want to snap up the superstar, as Eternal’s director Chloe Zhao revealed there was never anyone else in the running to play Eros other than Harry. ‘Harry as Eros was very much a package deal for me. I kept tabs on Harry since Dunkirk, I thought he was very interesting,’ she told Deadline. Meanwhile, the source said: ‘Harry was in Marvel’s sights for the last 18 months. ‘Not only is he the biggest pop star of the moment, his star is so huge it transcends just film and music. ‘Harry has the midas touch and will be a huge deal bringing in different demographics and showing older comic book fans his talent.’ It’s hardly surprising the chartopper has caught the attention of Hollywood honchos after making a splash in Christopher Nolan’s wartime epic Dunkirk in 2017. Harry’s upcoming projects include playing a husband with a dark secret in 1950s-set psychological thriller Don’t Worry Darling, directed by girlfriend Olivia Wilde, due for release later this year.’ He will also star in My Policeman, where he’ll play a gay police officer who’s having a secret relationship with a man while married to his wife, also set in the 50s. But that doesn’t mean his music has taken the back seat – far from it. Released in May, his third solo album Harry’s House debuted at number one in the UK and the US, and was lauded by critics, even earning a Mercury Prize 2022 nomination. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles sends Lizzo flowers as About Damn Time surpasses As It Was for number one MORE : Harry Styles surpasses former band One Direction in charts thanks to hit album Harry’s House 