Laden with gothic gravestones and cauldrons for cooking soups, these pictures show divers inspecting England’s oldest shipwreck after it sank off the coast of Dorset 750 years ago. The 13th century vessel, dubbed the ‘Mortar wreck’ by archaeologists, was discovered in Poole Bay in 2020 by local diver Trevor Small. Tree-ring dating of the ship’s timbers revealed it was constructed from Irish oak trees felled between 1242 and 1265, during the reign of King Henry III. There are older wrecks in British waters, which date back to the Bronze Age, before the kingdom of England was formed, but they only comprise the remains of the cargo and no hull structure. Getting its name from the mortar bowls found in the hull, the vessel was designated a protected wreck by the Government this week. Two pristine pre-carved gravestones made from Purbeck stone were also found in the ship, both featuring a different gothic design. One depicts a wheel headed cross and the other has a splayed arm cross – both common 13th century styles.  These types of gravestones were a mark of high status and are found in churchyards across the south coast. Also among the artefacts was a large cauldron for cooking soup, and a smaller cauldron for heating water. Mr Small, who has been diving in Dorset’s waters for 30 years, said: ‘I was born into a seafaring family. I’ve skippered thousands of sea miles looking for shipwrecks from my home port of Poole. ‘In summer 2020, I discovered what I believed to be an undetected wreck site. Recent storms had revealed something unknown on the seabed. I was granted permission to dive the wreck. ‘The rest is history. I’ve found one of the oldest shipwrecks in England.’ It is not known where the vessel was headed or how it sunk, but Historic England and a team of archaeologists from Bournemouth University continue to investigate. Two other wrecks from the 16th and 17th century, found near the Isle of Wight, were also given protected status this week. Surviving wrecks dating pre-1700 is extremely rare, as is finding previously unrecorded wrecks in the Solent, which is a busy shipping route. It is believed that both of these vessels became stranded on the Shingles Bank in Needles Channel – a well-known hazard – before sinking. Several cannons, a large anchor, and more than 50 very large lead ingots and stone cannonballs were found in one of the wrecks. The technique used to cast the ingots fell out of use around 1580, while stone cannon balls were replaced with iron shot by the end of the 16th century. This suggests the vessel dates from the 16th or very late 15th century. The wrecks’ new protected status mean divers need a special licence before going near them in a bid to preserve their structures and artefacts within them. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.