Britain is bracing itself for the mercury to hit almost 40C on what could be the hottest day ever recorded. Large swathes of England, including the Midlands, Yorkshire, North West and London are now under the first ever red alert for extreme heat, while the UK Health Security Agency has put the nation on level 4 emergency footing. Schools in several counties, including Nottinghamshire and Hampshire, have confirmed they will close, while Network Rail urged people not to travel today and Tuesday. There are severe delays on several Tube lines, including the Bakerloo, Central and District, while the Hammersmith & City line has been suspended due to the heat. Train speed restrictions are being introduced to protect railway tracks nationwide, but they are leading to long delays and disruption. Anyone who does travel is advised to wear cool clothes, take handheld fans and ensure they have plenty of water. The capital is predicted to be hotter than Nassau in the Bahamas (32C), Kingston in Jamaica (33C), Malaga in Spain (28C), Athens in Greece (35C), Albufeira in Portugal (28C) and Dakhla, in the Western Sahara (24C).  But it’s not just London feeling the heat – the Midlands will see highs of 37C, East Anglia set for 36C and it could top 33C in the North West and North East. New records were already broken in Wales and Northern Ireland on Sunday. Hawarden, a village in northern Wales, reached 33C while Armagh in Northern Ireland was 27.7C. The UK’s current highest ever temperature is 38.7C, which was set in Cambridge in 2019. Additional contingency support for ambulance services, such as more call handlers and extra working hours, have been put in place while NHS bosses said hospitals are going to be ‘really, really pushed’ over the next few days. People are urged to stay inside during the hottest points of the day, between 11am and 4pm, and wear sun cream, a hat, stay in the shade and keep hydrated. Emergency services have also urged people to be cautious when cooling off after the body of a boy was recovered in Salford Quays, Greater Manchester, in the early hours of Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.