Tory MP Jamie Wallis has been banned from driving and fined £2,500 for driving offences linked to a late-night crash in his Welsh constituency last year. The 38-year-old, who represents Bridgend, was driving his Mercedes E-class saloon when it hit a lamppost and telegraph pole in Llanbethian on November 28. He walked away from the scene when bystanders suggested calling the police, and was picked up by a Land Rover after calling his father. Mr Wallis was found the next morning naked in bed with clothes he had been seen in at the crash scene strewn across the floor next to him. A judge dismissed his claims that his actions were caused by symptoms of PTSD linked to his experience of being raped two months earlier. The MP also claimed he left the scene because he was wearing women’s clothing and felt vulnerable in it, having last worn such an outfit in public on the night he was attacked. He had been diagnosed with the condition five days before the crash but was said to have made a ‘conscious’ decision not to call 999. Mr Wallis was found guilty of failing to stop, failing to report a road traffic collision and leaving a vehicle in a dangerous position, though he was found not guilty of driving without due care and attention. Wallis became the first British MP to come out as trans in March, when he revealed his experience of being raped by someone close to him and blackmailed by someone who threatened to disclose his gender identity to others. The MP, who said he was continuing to use he/him pronouns for the time being, denied the charges against him. The court heard he had been at home wearing the clothes ‘he felt most comfortable in’ before taking a late-night drive to his estranged wife’s house. He claimed he had been driving ‘relatively slow’ toward a double bend when he saw a cat on the road and ‘instinctively’ swerved to avoid it. Residents heard a ‘very loud bang’ and went into the street to investigate, where they saw the car crumpled against the pole with smoke billowing out of it. Peering inside, they saw ‘a white male wearing a white long-sleeve top which was tight to the body, a black leather PVC mini-skirt, tights, dark shoes with a high heel and a pearl necklace’. After asking him if he was okay, they told him they were calling police, at which point he began walking away. As they followed him, they heard him make two phone calls in which he told someone he was being ‘accosted’ and then saw him get picked up by the Land Rover. At around 7am the next morning, a police officer forced entry into the Wallis’ property out of concern for his well-being and found him sleeping naked still wearing make-up. He was arrested after a skirt and necklace matching the bystanders’ description was found next to the bed, as well as a blonde wig on the kitchen table. Mr Wallis would go on to tell the court the sight of people approaching the car triggered his PTSD and said he ‘would have’ phoned police ‘if I was able to’. Forensics on his phone found he had repeatedly called and texted his former partner while he was in his dad’s car or after getting home. Judge Tan Ikram said: ‘I am going to be upfront. I didn’t find the defendant credible in the evidence he gave. ‘When I watched him give evidence it seemed to me not only was he fitting his own behaviour around the behaviour of PTSD, and his actions on the night does not suggest he was overwhelmed and acting out of fear that night. ‘Having PTSD is not a defence. What the prosecution have proved to me he was able to make decisions that night – he made bad decisions. ‘I am sure he was not prevented through PTSD to giving details or particulars and report the accident soon after. ‘He made a decision he didn’t want to be there and made a decision to ring his father. ‘Through all of that period he could have rung 999 or 101 – he didn’t. I am sure he didn’t [phone emergency services] through a conscious choice, not through being overwhelmed or acting irrationally.’ As well as the £2,500 fine, calculated based on his £82,500 MP’s salary, he was ordered to pay costs of £620 and a victim surcharge of £190. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.