Love Island confirmed last night that Casa Amor is on its way and it seems we don’t have long to wait before it all kicks off. The annual feature is notorious for causing chaos as it has the potential to make or break the couples – and with several pairings feeling rather settled at the moment, Casa Amor could be the test they need. Spoilers for Friday’s episode suggest the girls could be on their way to Casa Amor, as they head out for cocktails following a surprise text message. Getting ready for the evening, the girls receive a text which reads: ‘Girls, it’s time to get the drinks flowing as you’re off for a girls’ night out. #CocktailHour #ShakenAndStirred’. Unable to hide their excitement, the girls scream. Hearing the noise, Jacques runs upstairs to find out what’s happened. Coming back to tell the boys he says: ‘Listen, the girls’ text is girls’ night out, cocktails…’ Reeling from the news, Dami asks: ‘What are we supposed to do without them though?’ Well, Dami, is the girls’ cocktail night everything that it seems? And what else could it entail? We are literally squealing with excitement right now – bring on the drama! While Casa Amor’s name translates to ‘House of Love’, the now iconic villa can and does wreak the most havoc in the entire series. Casa Amor lasts for around three to four days, just long enough for heads to be turned and for the infamous postcard to be sent to the main villa. As the feature approaches, it’s time to get your predictions in – will are Gemma and Luca for keeps? Will Indiya and Dami Survive? And what’s in store for Ekin-Su and Davide? Speaking of the Turkish actress and the Italian stallion, they’re set to grow closer in tonight’s episode, which would make a split all the more painful for those who ship them. The Islanders will choose which boy and which girl to dump from the villa tonight, the morning after which, Davide reflects on the public voting for him and Ekin-Su as compatible. When asked by Dami how it felt he said: ‘Naturally I felt very appreciated. They probably saw the connection that there is. They probably saw when we laugh together, we are real, it’s not something fake. I felt good about it yesterday night, and last night I was a bit more open with her.’ Ekin-Su has similar thoughts speaking on the terrace with the girls: ‘I’m very, very grateful that the public believed in my choice. Me and Davide – there was always something there from the start.’ Following the advice of the boys, Davide brings Ekin-Su a coffee while she’s getting ready, a gesture that does not go unnoticed by Ekin-Su. She says in the Beach Hut: ‘I remember Davide was like, “I’m not going to make you coffee every morning, I’m not going to do this, don’t expect me to change” and it’s just really nice to just see him again, fresh start, a nice coffee.’ Things are really heating up now and with Tasha and Andrew, Danica and Jay, and Antigoni and Charlie awaiting their fate as the three couples with the fewest public votes, we reckon it’s just pure drama from now on. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Episodes are available the following morning on BritBox. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ikenna Ekwonna coming in with ultimate shade as he reckons both Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope could ‘flake’ in Casa Amor MORE : Gemma Owen finally speaks about famous dad Michael Owen on Love Island and casually drops Beckham link 