Forget what you thought you knew about Abercrombie & Fitch. The brand’s darkened stores, which once welcomed shoppers with a hit of cloying perfume and a topless sales assistant, have had a revamp – as have the clothes on offer. These days, instead of endless hoodies bearing the Abercrombie moose logo, you’re more likely to find well-cut dresses, sturdy denims, and versatile blazers. The Hollister-owned retailer has seen its fair share of controversies, not least the Netflix documentary White Hot: The Rise & Fall of Abercrombie & Fitch, which detailed exclusionary practices in recruitment and marketing. However, after new CEO Fran Horowitz came on board in 2017, there has been a move away from that ‘you can’t sit with us’ attitude and a greater focus on diverse sizing and fits. There’s still a wide range of basics, but pieces are lighter on branding and more akin to what you’d find at Zara or & Other Stories. The denim range is extensive and affordable (priced around the £75 mark per pair) but the brand’s dresses are the star of the show. Wedding guest-worthy frocks combine with summery minis that are perfect for hot weather. Certain styles have even swept TikTok, with creators showing their surprise at finding eveningwear at Abercrombie of all places. We’re just as surprised, but after Topshop’s demise we’re all for a retail turnaround that boosts the high street – and covetable clothing definitely helps. To give you a hand with breaking those preconceptions about the brand, we’ve rounded up our favourite pieces from its newest collections. Buy for £99 at Abercrombie and Fitch. Buy for £72 at Abercrombie and Fitch. Buy for £45 at Abercrombie and Fitch. Buy for £32.50 (was £52) at Abercrombie and Fitch. Buy for £65 at Abercrombie and Fitch. Buy for £99 at Abercrombie and Fitch. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Woman gives beloved dog his dream day before he’s put to sleep MORE : Push the boat out with these nautical-themed homeware buys