The man suspected of fatally shooting the former Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe was caught on camera in the moments before the assassination. Mr Abe, 67, was shot on Friday as he delivered a campaign speech in the western region of Nara. The hugely influential politician, who had been Japan’s longest-serving leader was airlifted to Nara Medical University hospital where he was later pronounced dead. Security was present as Mr Abe delivered his speech outside a train station but spectators were able to approach him. Now, footage from the event appears to show the man suspected of shooting Mr Abe in the moments before the fatal attack. A video posted to Twitter shows Mr Abe approaching the area and greeting people before giving his speech. A few seconds later, a person is seen emerging from behind an orange banner in the background. Meanwhile, footage broadcast by NHK showed Mr Abe standing on a stage when a man dressed in a grey shirt and brown trousers approached from behind, before drawing a weapon from a bag and firing. The video showed Mr Abe collapsing with security guards running toward him as he held his chest, his shirt covered in blood. At least two shots appear to have been fired in the incident, each producing a cloud of smoke. As spectators and reporters ducked, a man was shown being tackled to the ground by security and he was arrested. Nara prefectural police have confirmed the arrest of a 41-year-old man called Tetsuya Yamagami on suspicion of attempted murder following the attack, The force said an explosives team raided the suspect’s home to gather evidence. NHK has reported the suspect served in Japan’s navy for three years in the 2000s. He is accused of wielding a weapon described by local media as a ‘handmade gun’. Witnesses at the scene described shock as the political event turned into chaos. ‘The first shot sounded like a toy bazooka,’ a woman told NHK. ‘He didn’t fall and there was a large bang. The second shot was more visible, you could see the spark and smoke.’ Officials from the local chapter of Abe’s Liberal Democratic Party said there had been no threats before the incident and that his speech had been announced publicly. Several parties announced their senior members would halt campaigning in the wake of the attack, but the LDP and coalition partner Komeito later announced that canvassing would resume on Saturday. Japan is one of the world’s safest nations with some of the strictest gun control laws anywhere. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.