Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak’s bid for Number 10 continues this weekend, with the leadership rivals making eye-catching policy proposals to try to win over Tory party members. The Foreign Secretary has vowed to review all EU laws retained after Brexit by the end of 2023 in a ‘red tape bonfire’ if she becomes prime minister. She has also promised to scrap or replace those that are deemed to hinder UK growth. Meanwhile, Mr Sunak has used a speech in Margaret Thatcher’s hometown to promise plans to tackle NHS backlogs, driven in part by a so-called ‘vaccines style’ taskforce. The whittling down of the Tory leadership contenders to just two this week marks the beginning of the next stage of the contest to replace Boris Johnson. Now, Ms Truss and Mr Sunak will attempt to woo grassroots Conservative party members who will ultimately vote for the next prime minister via a postal vote. Ms Truss, the former Remainer turned Brexiteer flagbearer, said that if elected she will set a ‘sunset’ deadline for every piece of EU-derived business regulation and assess whether it stimulates domestic growth or investment by the end of 2023. Industry experts would be tasked to create ‘better home-grown laws’ to replace those that fail the test, if they are not ditched altogether. Ms Truss said: ‘As prime minister I will unleash the full potential of Britain post-Brexit, and accelerate plans to get EU law off our statute books so we can boost growth and make the most of our new-found freedoms outside of the EU.’ Meanwhile, Mr Sunak has been in Grantham to stress his Thatcherite credentials and hit out at his rival Ms Truss over her previous stance as a Remainer and her tax policies. ‘If we are to deliver on the promise of Brexit, then we’re going to need someone who actually understands Brexit, believes in Brexit, voted for Brexit,’ he said at the campaign event. Speaking to a mostly friendly crowd, he called himself the ‘underdog’ in the contest but stopped short of naming Ms Truss personally. He called for the need for radicalism in politics, telling the crowd: ‘Real change is there, I swear it.’ That change includes a promised plan to tackle NHS backlogs, driven in part by a so-called ‘vaccines-style’ taskforce. Warning against ‘privatisation by the back door’, Mr Sunak announced plans to eliminate one-year NHS waiting times six months earlier than planned by September 2024, and to get overall numbers falling by next year. It is a theme Mr Sunak focused on in an interview with The Times newspaper, where he said he would put the UK on a ‘crisis footing’ from his first day as prime minister to deal with inflation and a host of other challenges. Elsewhere, economic policy has so far been one of the primary dividing line of the leadership contest. Mr Sunak has suggested that Ms Truss’ plans could see interest rates rise, while rejecting the suggestion he is running a so-called ‘project fear’. But in an interview with the Telegraph, Ms Truss robustly defended her economic vision. Describing herself as an ‘insurgent’ who wants to change things, she told the newspaper that she wants the UK to become a ‘high growth, high productivity, powerhouse’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.