Stacey Solomon has called out a ‘creepy stalker’ for taking unsolicited pictures of her while she’s been soaking up the sun on her hen do. The Loose Women star is counting down the days until she marries former EastEnders actor Joe Swash, who has already had has stag in Ibiza. Stacey and Joe – who met during their I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! days – will wed at their beloved Pickle Cottage, a £1.2million mansion in Essex, where all of their children will be present. Their big day has already been delayed due to Covid and Stacey’s pregnancy with daughter Rose, but it’s now just a couple of weeks away. Sadly, the former X Factor contestant had memories of her hen do slightly tarnished upon learning that a photographer followed her and her friends around the Greek island of Mykonos. Taking to her Instagram Story to update her 5.5million followers before flying home, Stacey wrote: ‘There’s nothing worse than realising some creepy stalker (actual stalker) has been following you around without you knowing for the last two days taking pictures to sell.’ She clarified that the photos in question were ‘never associated with me or sold by me,’ adding: ‘But, I love my friends for still being my friends because it is actually a bit scary tbh and they never take nice ones.’ Fortunately, the TV star and her pals were able to laugh off the untimely snaps and, in true Stacey style, she shared them on social media to poke fun. Stacey said that her ‘favourite stalker shot’ was one of her wearing a pair of flippers as the troupe enjoyed a day snorkelling. ‘Me and my best friend Penny swam from the boat to an island to go explore and apparently we weren’t alone,’ she quipped. Another shot Stacey found funny was one of her on a boat, posing with her long locks blowing in the ocean breeze. ‘I mean, if I’d have known we could have sold pictures. This poor quality, I could have let the girls take some and sell them to pay off their holiday,’ she wrote. ‘Whoever this was must have honestly been gutted, we are the most boring hen party in history 😂 searching for shells on random beaches and synchronised swimming in the sea 😂’. Despite being able to joke about the sneaky pics, Stacey noted that she does actually find it ‘creepy’ when she is photographed without her knowledge, saying she ‘doesn’t understand the point in the pictures at all.’ ‘Why is it necessary to follow someone around to take pictures of moments I’ve already shared on my Stories?’, she asked. Stacey is now on her way back home to husband-to-be Joe and her kids – whom she lovingly calls her ‘pickles’ – but not before reflecting on the amazing trip she’s had. The presenter branded her hen ‘the absolute time of my life’, sharing that she hasn’t been away from her ‘babies’ since her sister’s hen party four years ago. ‘I forgot how amazing it feels to be silly with your friends, to spend time with the girls and really just relax for a few days.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heartstopper’s Yasmin Finney calls out Boris Johnson in powerful speech to crowd of thousands at London Trans+ Pride: ‘I know you know we exist’ MORE : Andrew Le Page’s family slam Tasha Ghouri’s ‘crocodile tears’ after explosive Love Island row 