A powerful series of photos shows how young Ukrainians held up an image of Putin created from the blood of soldiers in front of bombed out buildings. The sculpture was created by a Russian dissident using blood donated from Ukrainian men before they went to the frontlines. It can now be viewed as an augmented reality artwork showing the streets of the country as they looked before they were bombed, with a bloody Putin looming over them. Students held up the image on their phones in the city of Chernihiv on June 28, which is Ukraine’s Constitution Day. Photographer Stanislav Senyk, whose pictures documenting the war have been published worldwide, says: ‘I decided to take part in the project to spread information about the war in Ukraine to the world. ‘Every Ukrainian has a duty – to help people who are less fortunate than us and to help the army. I think this artwork will help convey to people that Russia needs to be stopped. ‘I think this picture is a protest against Putin, I am convinced that he is personally responsible for these crimes in Ukraine. ‘Luckily I am in a city where there have not been many bombings, so I am staying at home and hope that the Russian bombing will not force us to flee to other places.’ The augmented reality feature is geo-locked to Ukraine, and can now almost exclusively be viewed there, except from at the Russian embassies and consulates worldwide. It was also sneaked into Russia previously with images showing how it was shown in Moscow’s Red Square on May 9, the country’s Victory Day. The artist who created the sculpture, Andrei Molodkin, grew up in northern Russia and served in the country’s armed forces. He created the artwork from France where he now lives. ‘Throughout history politicians at the highest levels have used blood as a tool for their Imperialistic dreams,’ he said. ‘I was trained as a soldier in the Soviet army and understand this very well, and how governments brainwash young men to live and die for their agenda. ‘The innocent civilians are the people who deserve our focus. The innocent children. The five million displaced Ukrainians. ‘I opened my home in France to the wives and children of eight Ukrainian soldiers who symbolically donated their blood to my sculpture of Putin – Putin Filled With Ukrainian Blood – before they fought on the front line. They have made a new life for themselves here.’ Mr Molodkin has also made the ‘Putin Blood’ image into NFTs naming different Ukrainian cities, with all proceeds from sales of the ‘Putin Blood Chain’ going to Unicef. He said: ‘My entire artistic practice has been based on deconstructing the toxic idea of Imperialism and foregrounding the politicisation of blood, oil and gas as currencies of war. ‘In 2007 my G8 installation connected each of the G8 leaders to a pipe of crude oil. This week, as the reduced G7 met in Bavaria, with the ambition to stop Russia profiting from their war on Ukraine, Putin continued his onslaught, raining missiles on Kyiv and Kremenchuk, while his oil flowed into India and China with relative ease.’ Last week, a shopping centre in Kremenchuk was devastated by a Russian missile. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky said that around a thousand people had been inside at the time of the impact, with at least 18 people killed and 59 injured. Speaking today, former prime minister Gordon Brown said there ‘is no question’ over bringing Vladimir Putin before a war crimes tribunal. ‘We have got to send out a clear message that none of these crimes should go without impunity,’ he said. Mr Molodkin said much of the world’s conflict came down to power struggles over energy, saying the key players were now realigning with negotiations going on including Joe Biden’s upcoming trip to Saudi Arabia regarding oil supplies. He added: ‘Gathering again in Madrid, Nato declared its aggressive move to build military presence on the Eastern border, pumping more weapons into Ukraine whilst refusing to enter the fight or to declare a no-fly zone. ‘The world is shifting and recalibrating. Pressure below and above ground ebbs and flows whilst children are killed, and schools are bombed. ‘Within this hollowed space, artists have a special ability and responsibility to reflect on the contemporary, the way Picasso did with Guernica. ‘The physical work might not change the world, but it will fix the time so that the future generations can understand and remember the barbarities of history and all those who lost their life for the profits from a barrel of crude oil.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.