Love Island star Deji Adeniyi has proven he’s the gift that keeps on giving, even after being booted from the villa. Since his departure, Deji has continued providing fans with all the tea, including what really went down between Ekin-Su Culculoglu and Nathalia Campos, after the bombshell brutally called the Turkish soap-star ‘Ekin-Who?’ The battle between Ekin-Su and Nathalia over Italian Stallion Davide Sanclimenti reached an all-time high, culminating in a pancake challenge to win his heart. Things between them got particularly tense one evening when Ekin-Su asked Nathalia: ‘You alright? Have you got an issue with me? It feels like you’ve got an issue with me.’ While Nathalia insisted she didn’t have an issue, Ekin-Su didn’t go down without a fight, saying: ‘Do you know what I’ve learnt my love, the best way to end an argument is cooking. You can prove to me with your pancakes my love, to see how good you are.’ Nathalia brutally responded: ‘I don’t need to prove anything babe, honestly who are you for me to prove anything?’ Ekin-Su sassily answered back: ‘I am Ekin-Su babe and there’s only one of me.‘ And then came the line of the night, with Nathalia saying: ‘Who is that to me? Who is that to me though, Ekin-who…?’ While we didn’t hear at the time what Ekin-Su replied, Deji has revealed what really went down. ‘After Nathalia said Ekin-who, Ekin responded “Ekin-your mum”,’ Deji shared, unable to hold back his laughter. ‘And for me that is the funniest moment,’ he continued. As if we ever needed proof that Ekin-Su really was the star of the villa… The Turkish actress has had her fair share of iconic moments in the villa, from bust ups with fellow Islanders, to one-liners we’ll be quoting for the next year at least. And she’s well and truly stolen the hearts of the nation over recent weeks, as well as Davide’s. In fact, she’s even become the first contestant this year to hit a social media milestone, reaching one million followers on Instagram. And now, while her and Davide are at risk of being dumped from the villa only a day before the final, fans are promising to work their hardest to ensure she stays for that crown. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Team Ekinde promise to ‘riot’ if Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti are voted off Love Island day before final MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti voted ‘least compatible’ by fellow Islanders with Gemma Owen and Luca Bish also at risk of dumping  