So, he is going then. But for now it is still in the future tense. The actual moment of departure cannot come a day too soon. Boris Johnson will go down in history as our worst ever Prime Minister, the most dishonest, the most corrupt, the most incompetent, the one who did the most damage to our strength and standing in the world. As he retreats to doubtless wealthy oblivion, however, there has to be a reckoning about him that goes well beyond the personality of Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson. The big question, which some of us were posing long before he got into this position of power, was how did it happen? That a crook and a liar, a charlatan and a narcissist, could rise to the highest elected office in the land, suggests a complete failure of our political and media systems and the vulnerability of our constitution, which he exploited so effortlessly and so ruthlessly to land the most important job in the country. Spare me any crocodile tears, Johnson did nothing but harm. Spare me all those ministers who will now seek to take credit for taking him down when they were so utterly essential in propping him up for so long. The only Tory heroes in this are the ones who refused to sacrifice their principles to him. Spare me too any observations from those right wing analysts and commentators who will now glide effortlessly from removing their tongue from Johnson’s backside to explaining why he had to go and why the next utterly unsuitable candidate of the hard right is the person to take over. They are all in it together. Everyone who sat at that cabinet table should be barred from running. History will be harsh on a man who has debased our politics, undermined the rule of law, trashed alliances with our closest friends and neighbours, normalised lying and corruption, and put the peace process in Northern Ireland at risk. However the one part of his legacy that will outlast him, even if his colleagues agree to his ludicrous demand to stay on until the autumn, and debase and degrade our country further just by his presence in that great building, is the biggest. Brexit. It would not have happened without Johnson, who is now exposed for all to see for the liar and crook I and others have been warning he is. Brexit was won on that same brand of lies and crookery too and it is a further sign of our broken politics that despite virtually every expert now agreeing it is going badly for Britain, it seems that nobody in politics wants to confront that reality. That is the next battle that has to be fought to take back control of normal sensible grown up politics. For now, just be glad Boris Johnson is going. But don’t quite believe it until he is finally out of that famous door for the last time, and off to his meetings with speaking agents, publishers, oligarchs and general ne’er do wells so he can bank himself a few million, and maybe find a few more women to father a few more children and spread his amorality elsewhere. At least we won’t have to care too much any more. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Ross.Mccafferty@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Loose Women cancelled following news of Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s impending resignation MORE : Boris appoints new cabinet ministers so he can cling on as leader MORE : Boris staying on until October would be like PM ‘working with own firing squad’