Mel B has recalled the moment she felt free of ‘shame’ after coming forward with her experience of domestic abuse. The Spice Girls singer has spent the past few years raising awareness about domestic abuse and violence, working with charity Women’s Aid and starring in the harrowing yet powerful music video, Love Should Not Hurt, directed by composer Fabio D’Andrea. In May, the Wannabe hitmaker received an MBE for her services to charitable causes and vulnerable women. Mel’s campaigning began after she ended her 10-year marriage with producer Stephen Belafonte in 2017. Together with Fabio, the pop star is now releasing a special series of charitable NFTs in support of Women’s Aid. Recalling her experience of working with the filmmaker and musician on the Love Should Not Hurt music video, Mel told Metro.co.uk at the pre-launch event at London’s first Crypto Club: ‘It was Fabio’s idea and this amazing thing he put together. ‘On set it was quite remarkable because I found out that everybody involved from the guy that did the lights to the guy that did the cameras, they’d all been involved in some kind of domestic violence scenario whether it be their parents, something they’d seen or whether they’d personally been involved themselves, so me watching it back was really cathartic like writing my book was. ‘ She added: ‘So I was glad I was able to tell a story based off my own story, so many women’s stories and men’s stories that I’ve learnt about.’ Despite her stardom, Mel, 47, has been able to connect with other domestic abuse survivors and is ultimately relieved that she gets to share their stories, and her own. The Masked Singer judge explained: ‘I don’t really care about that [celebrity] stuff, all I know is that when I called up my friend Louise to write my book after I’d just got out of a 10-year marriage, I was just going through my divorce, she came to live with me on and off for about a year to write it with me and got quite high up people that I’d worked with on The X Factor, producers, writers, they all collaborated on stories that helped the foundation of the book. ‘So the book was really truthful and honest. For me it was the celebration that I was no longer living a life of being shamed.’ However, Mel, who is still ‘pinching [herself]’ about getting the MBE, refused to gloss over the reality of being a domestic abuse survivor. ‘Abuse is not nice no matter what way you look at it, you always feel that guilt and shame and hold that for the rest of your life, it’s an onward journey,’ she said. ‘I’m just so glad that I spoke my truth and I’ve have so many people behind me. ‘I’ve got an army of women who my story is their story, and their story is my story.’ To help Women’s Aid continue their incredible work providing life-saving services and promoting zero tolerance of domestic abuse, sales from the NFT collection will contribute vital funds in support of the Women’s Aid 50th anniversary campaign: Come Together To End Domestic Abuse. MORE : George RR Martin doesn’t think Game Of Thrones was more ‘anti-women’ than real life MORE : Jennifer Lopez and hubby Ben Affleck cut relaxed figures as they dine out with kids on Paris honeymoon 