This is the awkward moment an angry tree surgeon took revenge on a customer over a £40 pay dispute. Jamie Young, boss of A1 Tree Surgeons of Whitworth, Lancashire, discarded two bulging sacks of hedge clippings over a woman’s fence in Rochdale, Manchester. His vengeance was after she allegedly refused to pay for a job because a hedge in her garden was not pruned into the shape of a Christmas tree. Footage shared on Facebook shows the 37-year-old boss and his two assistants dumping a quarter of a ton of the trimmings on her lawn. ‘This is what happens to customers who refuse to pay for the job,’ Jamie, a dad-of-five, can be heard telling the person behind the camera. A further caption alongside the video says: ‘I did not want to do this and it is the first time in 15 years I have had to. ‘This is what happens when you refuse to pay for a job, your waste will be returned as I’m well within my rights to do so…’ Jamie said he suspected something was wrong when the woman ‘hid’ inside her house. He claimed she texted to say she would not be paying for the work, carried out on July 11, as it was not what she had asked for. ‘[Tree surgery] is something I have been doing all my life and a few professional gardeners have told me there’s nothing up with [the tree],’ he said. ‘I explained when I was quoting that you can’t have a conifer at a point when they’re pruned. ‘You can’t make something look like a Christmas tree when it doesn’t want to be because they’re all dead inside. ‘I think she thought she’d rip me off and if I kicked up a fuss it’d look bad on me – but she thought wrong. It backfired. ‘This was a last resort to get my point across that it’s not on. It lets people know it’s not on and it’ll fire back on you. I don’t think she realised how far it’d go.’ Texts A1 Tree Surgeons claims to have received from the woman on Friday show her complaining Jamie ‘made a right pig’s ear’ of the trimming. The angry client stressed the tree is ‘not symmetrical or level’ on top and said the treatment she has received is ‘disgusting’. She said she repeatedly asked for his qualifications and insurance details to make a claim about the work he did. Jamie admitted the ordeal has nothing to do with the money – and instead is about the ‘principle’. ‘It’s a bit of a sorry situation over £40. You’d expect it to be over £1,400 or £4,000, not £40,’ he added. ‘I don’t expect a penny until people have seen the job and they’re happy with it and that’s how I’ve always worked. ‘If you let one person do it then I’ll have one a week to try to do it, loads of tradesmen have said the same.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.