A trans prisoner has been moved to a different prison after getting two fellow inmates pregnant. Demi Minor, who was jailed for 30 years for stabbing her former foster father to death is now being held on a vulnerable unit at a men’s prison in New Jersey. She was moved from the Edna Mahan Correctional Facility to the Garden State Youth Correctional Facility last month. In a post on her Justice 4 Demi blog, Minor claimed that she was mocked and strip searched by officers. She also wrote she had been spat at by fellow inmates as part of ‘psychological damage’ experienced. In a different post, she claimed she was beaten during the transfer and said she was misgendered multiple times. Minor’s case hit the headlines earlier this year when it was revealed she had impregnated two other inmates at the Edna Mahan Correctional Facility. In each incident, the women had engaged in ‘consensual sexual relationships with another incarcerated person’, NJ.com was told. The Edna Mahan Correctional Facility, which can house up to 800 inmates, welcomed transgender women last year. As a result of the earlier pregnancies, the New Jersey Corrections Department said it was reviewing its policy with ‘implementing minor modifications.’ There are currently 27 trans inmates at the site. Minor, who has advocated for prisoners’ rights and various committees during her jailtime, has been detailing her experience in her online blog. The 27-year-old was placed on suicide watch by prison staff after she tried to hang herself on the van journey to the Garden State Youth Correctional Facility, she added. Minor’s most recent post, entitled ‘Being Forced to Live in a Male Prison’, pleaded with prison bosses to send her back to a female prison. She wrote: ‘As a woman who is transgender I truly fear what lies ahead for me, its clear that staff have looked for some kind of security reason to kick me out of the only female correctional facility, they have thrown me to the wolves and expected for me just gave up. ‘I am baffled and disgusted by this use power and I can only ask that the commissioner and governors office please send me back. ‘I don’t deserve to be treated like this.’ Minor has also explained how there are no LGBTQ+ support groups at the men’s prison she’s been sent to. She added said she has been removed from Edna Mahan ‘as a punishment for what occurred over two months ago.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.