A member of the ‘chillingly ruthless’ robbery gang which smashed into former England footballer Ashley Cole’s home and threatened to cut his fingers off has been jailed for 30 years. Kurtis Dilks, 35, was sentenced at Nottingham Crown Court for his part in the ‘extremely terrifying’ January 2020 raid which left the ex-Arsenal, Chelsea and Derby defender fearing he would be killed. Jurors heard Cole had told police he thought ‘now I am going to die’ as he recalled how the masked raiders tied his hands behind his back despite him holding his young daughter. Dilks was the only one of the four-strong gang to be caught after his DNA was recovered on the cable ties used to restrain Cole and his Sharon Canu. He was convicted alongside five others for their roles in a string of what prosecutors said were ‘ruthlessly executed’ robberies and burglaries between October 2018 and January 2020. In an impact statement read to the court earlier, Cole said the ‘terror and confusion’ on his children’s faces when the gang smashed into his home ‘will never leave’ him. Read by a prosecutor, the former full-back said: ‘The picture of that night remains and impacts everything.’ He added: ‘These images and thoughts will never ever leave my mind and can pop up any time.’ Cole said he has invested heavily in security at his home in Fetcham, Surrey, which now feels ‘like a fortress’. But he said he still cannot go out to the bin without a torch and guard dog. As well as the attack on Cole, Dilks was found guilty of conspiring to rob the wife of former Tottenham, Hull and Derby midfielder Tom Huddlestone in May 2019 with fellow defendants Ashley Cumberpatch and Andrew MacDonald. The trio were also convicted of being part of the theft of a £3.5million tiara worn to the coronation of Edward VII from the Harley Gallery on the Welbeck Estate in Worksop, Nottinghamshire, in 2018. Judge James Sampson praised the ‘courage and resilience’ of all the victims of the gang of ‘intelligent, violent and chillingly ruthless men’. He told Dilks: ‘The psychological impact on Mr Cole and Ms Canu, as with all of your victims, cannot be overstated.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.