Ne-Yo has spoken out to address allegations from his wife, Crystal Smith, that he cheated throughout their marriage. The Independent Women singer married the skincare line founder, also known as Crystal Renay, in 2016 and they’ve since welcomed three children. Their marriage has been rocky at times with Ne-Yo, 42, and Crystal, 36, splitting in 2020 before reconciling and even renewing their vows three months ago. However on Saturday, Crystal shared a bombshell Instagram post claiming the So Sick singer has been unfaithful multiple times during their eight-year relationship. Ne-Yo has since addressed the allegations, tweeting on Sunday: ‘For the sake of our children, my family and I will work through our challenges behind closed doors. Personal matters are not meant to be addressed and dissected in public forums. ‘I simply ask that you please respect me and my family’s privacy at this time.’ In her statement, Crystal began: ‘8 years of life and deception. 8 years of unknowingly sharing my life and husband with numerous women who sell their bodies to him unprotected … every last one of them. ‘To say I’m heartbroken and disgusted is a understatement. To ask me to stay and accept it is absolutely insane. The mentality of a narcissist.’ She continued: ‘I will no longer lie to the public or pretend that this is something it isn’t. I choose me, I choose my happiness and health and my respect. I gained 3 beautiful children out of this but nothing else but wasted years and heartache.’ Crystal went on to ask others to stop sending her ‘videos or information of him cheating’ as it was ‘no longer [her] concern’. She concluded: ‘I am not a victim. I’m choosing to stand tall with my head held high. If someone can’t love you the way you deserve then it’s up to you to love yourself. With no hate in my heart, I wish him nothing but the best.’ Ne-Yo, real name Chimere Smith, shares three children with Crystal; Shaffer, six, Roman, three, and Isabella, 13 months. The estranged couple renewed their wedding vows in Las Vegas in April, two years after Ne-Yo revealed they had separated. Opening up about their split, Ne-Yo said on the Private Talk With Alexis Texas podcast at the time: ‘It’s slowly but surely becoming public knowledge that myself and my wife have decided to go ahead and get a divorce ‘It’s not a sad thing, it’s more of us realising that — long story short, I’m never gonna talk bad about her. I’m not that person. There’s nothing bad to say about her. She’s a fantastic woman. She’s the mother of my children and she’s always gonna be that and I will always respect her.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Ne-Yo’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne addresses rumours about relationship with Dami Hope: ‘Can you imagine?’ MORE : Pat Carroll, who voiced Ursula in The Little Mermaid, dies aged 95 