Travis Barker is back where he belongs, as the drummer returned to the stage for the first time after being hospitalised with ‘life-threatening’ pancreatitis. The Blink-182 star made a surprise appearance at his pal Machine Gun Kelly’s show at The Forum in Los Angeles on Wednesday night. Travis, 46, went shirtless as he rocked out to MGK’s Tickets To My Downfall – and he was supported by his wife, Khloe Kardashian. The pair were seen arriving at the show while holding hands. Kourtney was at Travis’ side when he was hospitalised at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles having been stricken by ‘excruciating pain’ following a routine procedure. He had pancreatitis, which is an inflammation of the pancreas. He explained on his Instagram Story: ‘I went in for an endoscopy Monday feeling great. But after dinner, I developed excruciating pain and have been hospitalised ever since. ‘During the endoscopy, I had a very small polyp removed right in a very sensitive area, usually handled by specialists, which unfortunately damaged a critical pancreatic drainage tube. ‘This resulted in severe life-threatening pancreatitis. I am so very, very grateful that with intensive treatment, I am currently much better.’ Meanwhile, Kourtney described the experience as ‘scary and emotional’, while it put things into perspective. Now safely back at home, Travis posted a picture of a bouquet of white roses sent to him by his sisters-in-law and mother-in-law. He was also seen getting straight back to work this week as he headed into his studio. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sprightly Travis Barker back on his feet as he heads to recording studio after spending week in hospital with ‘life-threatening’ pancreatitis MORE : Travis Barker surrounded by love as he leaves hospital after ‘life-threatening pancreatitis’ to continue recovery at home 