Everyone’s favourite Love Island twist is set to return in a matter of hours as the girls are off to Casa Amor to have their feelings tested, and joining them are a bunch of bombshells – including another Islander with a famous dad. This year’s Casa Amor bombshells include two models, an accounts manager, and a labourer, as well as Ronan Keating’s son, Jack, as for the first time in years, the girls are the ones heading out to meet them, rather than the other way around. From the looks of things, Ronan seems to be throwing his support behind his 23-year-old son, as he gears up to watch Jack enter the villa. The former Boyzone star took to Instagram to repost Jack’s own Love Island announcement, writing: ‘Let’s go.’ He then later reposted Storm Keating’s story, showing the family getting ready to watch Jack enter the ITV reality dating show. Jack’s step-mum Storm shared the announcement, penning: ‘The cat’s finally out of the bag! Delighted we don’t have to keep this secret anymore. ‘Excited (and nervous!) for Jack but hopefully he finds his match in the villa of loooove.’ She then shared a pic of her having a drink, writing: ‘#mood NECKING IT, When your favourite stepson is going to enter the @loveisland villa in less than ten minutes…’ before sharing a clip of the whole family gathered round to watch Jack’s entrance, writing ‘Here we go!!!’ Meanwhile, Jack’s mum Yvonne Connolly also took to Instagram to share her excitement, writing: ‘Love Island has been providing the entertainment and bringing the drama this season. ‘Just when I thought I can’t take anymore excitement my son Jack Keating is heading in to Casa Amor tonight. ‘(It was a hard secret to keep!!)’ While the family may be ready to watch Jack, it was actually daughter Missy who was rumoured to be joining the show. In May, Ronan had admitted that while he’s a big Love Island fan, he would struggle tuning in to watch Missy find love. ‘I don’t know how I’d feel about it,’ he said on Good Morning Britain. ‘I wouldn’t be able to watch.’ Jack joins five other Casa Amor bombshells as we wait and see who turns heads when the girls walk into that villa. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island: Casa Amor set to cause chaos as girls leave villa after savage dumping MORE : Love Island’s Charlie Radnedge and Antigoni Buxton get dumped from the villa by their co-stars in brutal decision 