A huge mass of protesters have stormed the home of Sri Lankan President  Gotabaya Rajapaksa demanding his resignation. Thousands of people have been demonstrating in the capital, Colombo, against the island nation’s worst economic crisis in recent memory. Inflation is nearing 60% and the country is running out of foreign exchange reserves to buy fuel, food and medicine. People have had to queue for supplies in major cities and have been clashing with police and security while they wait. Schools have been suspended, and the use of fuel has been limited to only essential services. Footage filmed on mobile phones showed a large number of people inside the well-fortified house and on the grounds outside. Hundreds of protesters, some carrying national flags, also entered the president’s office in a nearby building. Protesters blame Mr Rajapaksa for the economic woes and they have occupied the entrance to his office building for the past three months calling on him to step down. After the home invasion, Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said in a statement that he is ‘willing to resign and make way’ for an all-Party government. But there is still no word from Mr Rajapaksa, who is thought to have fled his official residence. Video posted on social media showed hundreds of protesters running into the president’s residence, chanting ‘Gota go home’, calling the president by his nickname. Barricades were overturned as protesters pushed past security and stormed the colonial-era parliament building, which has been converted into the President’s office. At least 34 people including two police officers were injured in scuffles as protesters tried to enter the residence. Police fired tear gas at the crowd, but they were unable to hold back the sea of demonstrators. Two of the injured are in a critical condition while others have sustained minor injuries, hospital officials said. Thousands of protesters had entered Colombo from the suburbs earlier on Saturday after police lifted an overnight curfew. Sri Lanka’s Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe said last month that the country’s economy has collapsed. The government’s negotiations with the International Monetary Fund have been complex because it has now entered talks as a bankrupt state. In April, Sri Lanka announced it is suspending repaying foreign loans due to a foreign currency shortage. Its total foreign debt amounts to 51 billion US dollars (£42.4 billion). Of that, it must repay 28 billion (£23.3 billion) by the end of 2027. Yesterday US Ambassador to Sri Lanka Julie Chung asked people to protest peacefully and called for the military and police ‘to grant peaceful protesters the space and security to do so’. She tweeted: ‘Chaos & force will not fix the economy or bring the political stability that Sri Lankans need right now.’ Months of protests have nearly dismantled the Rajapaksa political dynasty that has ruled Sri Lanka for most of the past two decades. One of Mr Rajapaksa’s brothers resigned as prime minister last month, and two other brothers and a nephew quit their cabinet posts earlier, but Mr Rajapaksa has held on to power. Mr Wickremesinghe took over as prime minister in May and protests temporarily waned in the hope he could find cash for the country’s urgent needs, but people now want him to resign saying he has failed to fulfil his promises. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.