A maths teacher used his phone to film up the skirts of 14-year-old girls while monitoring their mock GCSE exam. Shocked pupils witnessed what Stuart Norris, 48, was doing and rushed to tell other teachers who demanded to see his phone. But the father-of-three refused to show them and walked out, hurriedly deleting the incriminating footage and denying any wrongdoing. Technology experts from Leicestershire Police found evidence of videos taken during the exam in June 2021, when the youngsters were sat on high stools. They also found two pictures from four years earlier showing a girl in the same school uniform wearing a short skirt, sat at her desk with her bare legs crossed. Those images were not deemed to be illegal but were drawn to the attention of Judge Keith Raynor when Norris appeared for sentencing. The experts also found a secure internet drive, containing child abuse pictures and animated cartoon images of children, which Norris had access to. Some were kept in files called ‘Sexy Schoolgirls’ and ‘Young’. Norris was due to face trial having denied the accusations, but he eventually changed his pleas, admitting voyeurism and possessing indecent images of children. The court heard the teacher, from the village of Burbage, had taught maths for 25 years, and was estranged from his wife after having an affair with another school employee. Representing Norris, Zaheer Afzal told the court his client had no previous convictions and was ‘a man deeply ashamed and struggling to come to terms with what he’s done’. Having lost his job, Norris was now looking for work as a chef, he said. Judge Raynor said the crimes against the schoolgirls were made worse as they were clearly pre-meditated, were a ‘gross failure of duty’ and because he tried to delete the evidence. He told Norris: ‘You deliberately approached a number of the girls, interacting in a way that was inappropriate anyway for an invigilator. ‘Some were so upset that immediately afterwards they went to complain and one was visibly shaking as she was telling the other teachers what had gone on in the exam.’ Norris was given a 10-month jail sentence, suspended for 24 months, and a five-year sexual harm prevention order to keep him away from children. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.