The Tory leadership race is hotting up after no less than 11 hopefuls threw their hats in the ring. All eyes are on Priti Patel becoming the 12th candidate today, joining bookies’ favourite Rishi Sunak, Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi and Penny Mordaunt. One of the earlier frontrunners, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, confirmed he would not be standing after ‘careful consideration’. His absence has made way for bids from across the Conservative party, including that household name, Rehman Chishti. Yep, us neither. Here are the contenders: Penny Mordaunt’s leadership bid got off to a rocky start yesterday after Paralympic athlete Jonnie Peacock asked to be removed from her promotional video. The ‘cringe’ footage was likened to the sketch show ‘Little Britain’ and even featured an identifiable police officer, who are supposed to be banned from political campaign material. However, the international trade minister remains a favourite with the bookies, having made waves in 2019 as the UK’s first female defence secretary. A Brexiteer and Royal Navy reservist, she played a prominent role in the Leave campaign in 2016 and has recently sought to distance herself from the drama in Westminster. ODDS 7/2 The former Chancellor quickly rose from relative obscurity to a household name during the pandemic, with his furlough scheme to protect jobs and measured Covid briefings. Dubbed the richest MP in Parliament, the former hedge fund partner is worth a reported £200 million and is married to the daughter of a billionaire. His image took a hit recently following disclosures that his wife had saved millions in taxes because of her non-dom status. He dramatically quit the Cabinet on Tuesday evening, sparking a wave of resignations that eventually led to the PM resigning. In a very polished campaign video, which his critics claim was made months ago, Mr Sunak said he would ‘restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite the country’. ODDS 13/8 The longest-serving health secretary has been a persistent critic of Mr Johnson since joining the backbenches. Mr Hunt made the final two at the last leadership race in 2019, but he eventually received half as many votes as Mr Johnson. He might appeal to Tories yearning for a sensible pair of hands after the chaos of Mr Johnson’s premiership, and he has sought to sway the party’s Brexit wing by pledging to make Esther McVey his deputy PM. As chairman of the health committee, he has made a number of critical interventions on the Government’s handling of the pandemic, but his strong support for lockdown measures will not have pleased all Conservative MPs. ODDS 16/1 Sajid Javid’s resignation on Tuesday caused chaos in Number 10, triggering the exodus of dozens of ministers and aides. State school-educated Mr Javid – known as ‘The Saj’ – is the son of a bus driver who arrived in England from Pakistan in the 1960s. Just before the pandemic, he resigned as Chancellor after falling out with Dominic Cummings who reportedly told him to sack all his advisers. He returned to the Cabinet last year, replacing the disgraced Matt Hancock as Health Secretary. Mr Javid made it to the final four in the contest to replace Theresa May, but dropped out and endorsed Mr Johnson. ODDS 25/1 The former soldier and polyglot chairman of the foreign affairs committee announced his intention to replace Mr Johnson in January. He has been a consistent critic of the outgoing PM, which has likely cost him any chance of a ministerial position. Mr Tugendhat came to prominence during the Afghanistan crisis last year when MPs gave him a standing ovation for his powerful speech on veterans. A Remainer in 2016, he recently sought to distance himself from calls to rejoin the EU single market. ODDS 12/1 The Transport Secretary set up his stall in The Sunday Times with a pledge to curb taxes and return to a more traditional Conservative approach to state. With his local grammar school education, Mr Shapps has a slightly different background to some of his Tory contemporaries. The 53-year-old father-of-three said tackling the cost-of-living crisis and strengthening the economy are top of his agenda. ODDS 50/1 Foreign Secretary Liz Truss said she would start cutting taxes ‘from day one’ in a direct challenge to frontrunner Rishi Sunak. The senior Cabinet minister has drawn comparisons to Margaret Thatcher, but they have largely been of her own making. Ms Truss imitated the late Tory PM by posing on a tank and wearing a fur coat and hat while visiting Moscow before her disastrous talks with Russia’s foreign minister Sergei Lavrov. However, she is widely seen as a frontrunner in the already crowded race. ODDS 9/2 The new Chancellor is one of the richest MPs in Parliament and regarded by some as a ‘safe pair of hands’ if other candidates prove too divisive. A successful businessman, Mr Zahawi came to wider prominence as vaccines minister during the pandemic before being promoted to Education Secretary. Born in Iraq to a Kurdish family, he could not speak English when he came to the UK as a nine-year-old with his parents, who were fleeing the Saddam Hussein regime. Just 36 hours after Mr Johnson appointed him as Chancellor, replacing Rishi Sunak, he turned on his boss in a blistering letter. ODDS 33/1 The Brexiteer attorney general became the first Cabinet minister to throw their hat in the ring during an interview with ITV’s Robert Peston. Ms Braverman said she would run on a tax-cutting agenda and pledged to get rid of ‘all this woke rubbish’, which suggests the so-called ‘culture war’ could become a central debate in the leadership race. She is being supported by Steve Baker, a senior member of the European Research Group, who said ‘it’s not an exaggeration to say Brexit wouldn’t have happened without Suella’. ODDS 33/1 The former equalities minister is largely unknown to the public but she is being endorsed by several top Tories, including Michael Gove. Elected to Parliament in 2017, Ms Badenoch’s rapid ascent to the frontbenches has been marked by her embrace of the ‘culture war’ and her criticism of people calling out racism in Britain. In 2020 at the height of the Black Lives Matter movement, she gave a speech hitting out at ‘critical race theory’ in schools, which went down with the Conservative’s right wing. ODDS 12/1 The outsider is perhaps the most unlikely candidate to enter the race, having previously stood for Labour in the 2005 general election. A former barrister, Mr Chishti said the right candidate would have ‘a proven track record of coming to the table with ideas and creativity to help improve people’s lives’. At odds of 100/1, the bookies are giving him the same chance as Ben Wallace who publicly confirmed he is not running. ‘Some people may not have heard of me, I accept that,’ he told Sky News. ODDS 100/1 Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.