The size of a pregnant person’s bump all depends on their natural frame and how big the baby is. However, despite the fact we know that every pregnancy is different, some people still take it upon themselves to comment on others’ bodies. New mum Kenzie Akiko Tibbitts shared videos of her bump on TikTok throughout her pregnancy – and it was so large that followers questioned whether it’s ‘fake’. Personal Trainer and Fitness Nutrition Specialist Kenzie posted a selfie at 39 weeks, captioning it: ‘Wish me luck baby is coming this week’. Showing off her stomach from the front and side, she joked: ‘POV: You realise you are having a baby the size of a small watermelon in a couple days and know your whohaa is definitely not that big.’ ‘That is not real,’ said one commenter, while another did little to assuage Kenzie’s fears, adding: ‘That is going to leave a mark!’ Some were more supportive, with one person writing: ‘It’s ok they squish so it’s not like a full on watermelon I promise,’ while many more wished her luck with the birth. Just before having the baby this week, Kenzie posted her ‘final bump fit check’, getting shots of her tummy protruding from a hospital gown. The next video she shared was of her new baby girl, named Bowie, who weighed in at a healthy 9lbs. Kenzie has since been tracking her postpartum journey, saying: ‘Growing up I never saw what postpartum bellies look like, so trying to document this process so more girls know you don’t “bounce back”.’ Especially given the size of her bump, there have been big changes to the mum’s body over the previous months. But Kenzie is determined to ensure she gives herself the credit she deserves for such a major feat. ‘Seriously have never been more proud of this body,’ she said. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How do you know when you’re in love, not just infatuated? Five signs to spot MORE : Brand making sunglasses from recycled Cornish fishing nets to plant trees for every pair sold