Love Island will see some very romantic scenes between Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Culculoglu, as the Italian Stallion cooks up a surprise. The pair have had a rollercoaster of a journey in the villa, but now seem to be going from strength to strength – and Davide wants to celebrate, as he makes Ekin-Su some homemade tiramisu. Whispering to Dami Hope in the bedroom, he says: ‘I am prepping the tiramisu for Ekin, so you need to bring the tiramisu.’ As night falls, Davide asks Ekin-Su to head to the mini fire pit as she laughs and says: ‘Oh no, not the fire pit.’ Davide replies: ‘Why not, it’s our place.’ Sitting down, Davide goes on to tell her: ‘I wanted to bring you here because this is the place where we had our first kiss.’ Gesturing to Dami who heads towards them holding the tiramisu, Davide tells her: ‘I prepared something nice, an Italian tiramisu.’ But why has Davide gone to all this effort? Consider us intrigued! Elsewhere in tonight’s episode, Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri start chatting about marriage (steady on guys), and things get tense as a dumping looms. Ekin-Su has delighted fans throughout her stint on the dating show, and has now become the first islander to surpass a million Instagram followers. The Turkish actress has had her fair share of iconic moments in the villa, from bust-ups with fellow Islanders, to one-liners we’ll be quoting for the next year at least. However, since the Islanders are totally cut off from the outside world and unable to communicate with friends, family, or followers, they have no idea how they’re being perceived by viewers – or what their social media follower count is. The loved ones running her social media while she’s in the villa thanked her legion of fans for their support with a celebratory post, sharing that Ekin will be ‘blown away’ when she finds out. ‘So excited to say that we are now a family of 1 Million!!! It would never have been possible without all your immense support and encouragement for Ekin-Su,’ they wrote. ‘She will be blow[n] away to know that she has so many people behind her. A big thank you to every single one of you, means so much.’ They added a jolly video of Ekin living her best life and boogying to the Macarena on the show as ‘a little celebration dance.’ Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island hot or not week 7: Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti most compatible as they’re ‘completely focused on each other’ MORE : Ekin-Who? Ekin with 1,000,000 followers! Love Islander becomes first star to hit milestone 