Food divides public opinion: pineapple on pizza, beans on or off toast, milk or cereal first and, of course, how you cut your sandwich. There are the classic two triangles and rectangles, as well as four triangles for fancy afternoon tea. Whatever you choose, you probably haven’t ever done it like one woman on Reddit, whose method has been called ‘madness.’ Sharing a picture of her lunch to the forum Casual UK, she did away with any of the traditional methods for preparing a sandwich. Instead, she cuts it with off-centre diagonal lines, to squeeze six oddly-shaped bits out of one sandwich. In the post she wrote: ‘Personally I believe this is the best way. Optional shapes and sizes, plus two extra pieces.’ The post has since brought in 135 comments of mostly outraged or confused people. The top post joked that the heat had got to her, asking: ‘What is this craziness’. The poster replied saying that they started this technique about a year ago, and have been wanting to share their method with the people of Reddit. They added: ‘I make them like this to take to work. Smaller chunks mean I don’t have hamster cheeks if I have to communicate with people.’ Another poster replied ‘What is this chaotic neutral monstrosity?’ While another said they’d have to ‘veto this one’. Some critiqued the integrity of the design – saying that the central two [slices] look a bit ‘flappy’, while the ‘ratios and angles look dangerous’. Others agreed that the design meant you could end up with a sandwich disaster as the fillings would fall out. ‘You need crust on at least two sides for structural integrity, no one wants a flappy sandwich,’ they wrote. The original poster hit back that they always built sandwiches with ‘structure’ in mind. Others were intrigued by the idea. ‘I get bored easily but with this pattern, there is a completely new little sandwich each time,’ wrote one. Another was here for the anarchy, writing: ‘I kind of like it, smash the system.’ Surprisingly, yet another said they would actually give this a go at luchtime, as you ‘can’t complain about getting more sandwich.’ Will you try it? Whichever way you swing, it’s undeniable that this has us thinking about sandwiches. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman lived on cheese and onion crisp sandwiches for 23 years MORE : This is officially the UK’s favourite sandwich MORE : Dwayne Johnson puts our breakfast to shame as he reveals plate full of steak, eggs and 5 peanut butter jelly sandwiches