Cristiano Ronaldo’s agent Jorge Menges has asked Manchester United to hand his player a new contract but he wants a loan move away, according to reports. The 37-year-old has been intent on leaving Old Trafford as soon as possible as he wants to compete in the Champions League, and it appeared that he had not been won over by Erik ten Hag’s rebuilding project with the Red Devils. Ten Hag took charge at United this summer following a dismal season under Ole Gunnar Solskjaer and Ralf Rangnick last term in which the side finished sixth in the Premier League and once again failed to land any silverware. But Ronaldo is now prepared to extend his current United deal – which has one year left with the option to extend for a further 12 months – if it means he can spend the season out on loan at a club in the Champions League, according to Spanish radio station COPE. Ronaldo has been absent from pre-season training, citing ‘family reasons’, missing United’s tour of Asia and Australia as they prepare for the new 2022-23 campaign and returned to the UK for crunch talks with the club on Tuesday. United maintain that Ronaldo is not for sale despite his efforts to find a new club, but could be willing to let him leave on loan for 12 months. Chelsea, PSG, Bayern Munich and Real Madrid are among the clubs who have been offered the chance to sign him permanently – and despite the fact that none of those sides were willing to do a deal – they might be able to take him on loan. Atletico are the latest club to be linked with the Portugal international, but president Enrique Cerezo has labelled a move for him as ‘practically impossible’. Ronaldo returned to Old Trafford a year ago and scored 24 goals across 38 games in all competitions. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo sends message to Man Utd and Alex Ferguson during first round of talks MORE : Sir Alex Ferguson arrives at Man Utd training ground as Cristiano Ronaldo holds talks For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 