Comedian Dapper Laughs has tied the knot with his girlfriend Shelley Rae – four years after the couple got engaged live on Celebrity Big Brother. Dapper – real name Daniel O’Reilly – had been dating Shelley for three years before popping the question, and also share a daughter called Neve, five. The controversial comic and former glamour model married at Weybridge Registry Office on Friday, with Dapper forced to wipe away tears after they became Mrs and Mrs. Their wedding had already been postponed twice due to the pandemic, but they finally made it down the aisle, with a big red bus waiting for them outside. Dapper looked smart in a rust coloured suit, which he teamed with a white shirt and tie. Meanwhile, his bride wowed in a Mikado white halterneck gown which had a v-shaped neckline, high collar, and floaty train. She carried a colourful bouquet of flowers and accessorised her look with a pair of bejewelled heels and a diamanté hair slide. The bride styled her blonde locks into a slick ponytail and wore neutral make-up to ensure all eyes were on her gown. Dapper and Shelley were seen posing for photos after making their marriage official, with neither of them able to wipe the smiles off their faces. The 38-year-old content creator was also super emotional when sharing a moment alone with his wife, going in for a kiss. Dapper is now best known for his Instagram and TikTok videos, but made headlines a few years back after getting down on one knee unexpectedly in front of Emma Willis on CBB. He was in the middle of his exit interview with the host when he surprised everyone with the shock proposal, asking his long-term girlfriend to become his wife. Shelley broke down in tears as she accepted, with viewers at home and members of the audience also crying. Dapper revealed that he felt inspired to propose after having a lot of time to think while locked up in the Big Brother house, telling his then-girlfriend: ‘Do you know what, when I was in the house, every day I regretted I didn’t ask you… so will you marry me?’. He presented Shelley with a make-shift ring, which he apologised for, telling her that it was made by fellow housemate Ginuwine and he would ‘trade it in for a better one.’ It’s safe to say that host Emma was lost for words, saying: ‘You shot that ring on before she could say no!’, before their interview continued. However, the comic has been caught up in some scandals throughout his career, with his appearance on CBB being his attempt at salvaging his career after making a rape joke. He was cancelled in spectacular fashion after making a jibe towards an audience member at a stand-up gig, and he was also accused of being misogynistic. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Polyamorous family of 7 ask for sex dungeon with drainage for ‘golden showers’ in wild new Netflix series MORE : Jeremy Clarkson finally opens Diddly Squat restaurant after planning ordeal 