Kate Middleton has taken up her camera to shoot the new cover star of Country Life magazine: the Duchess of Cornwall. To mark her 75th birthday, as well as the publication’s 125th anniversary, Camilla was invited to guest edit the latest edition. The Duchess of Cambridge took the striking image in the gardens of Ray Mill House, Camilla’s retreat in Lacock, Wiltshire. The cover image shows a relaxed and smiling duchess wearing a blue and white floral dress and cardigan, sitting on a bench with a basket filled with flowers. Another picture by Kate appears on the leader page and is an informal shot of the royal walking through forget-me-nots at her country home. Mark Hedges, editor-in-chief of Country Life magazine, said: ‘We are thrilled to have our guest editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer the Duchess of Cambridge. ‘We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of the Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by the Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine. ‘We are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful photograph. ‘The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer the Duchess of Cambridge another commission.’ Kate is often behind birthday portraits of her three children – George, Charlotte and Louis – and other family moments, so it is not surprising that Camilla asked her to take the images. Just weeks ago, an adorable family photo from the Cambridge’s trip to Jordan last year was released for Father’s Day. The royal previously received praise for a 2020 project in which she photographed Holocaust survivors with their grandchildren. Camilla is the fourth royal guest editor, following Charles, who has twice led the magazine. Once to mark his 65th birthday in November 2013 and the second time for his 70th in 2018, which turned out to be the biggest selling issue of all time. In 2020, the Princess Royal masterminded the July 29 issue – another bestseller – to commemorate her 70th birthday. The latest edition of Country Life will be published on Wednesday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.