Katie Price has had two charges against her, including a speeding charge, dismissed after a string of legal troubles, which saw her recently avoid jail after breaching a restraining order. The two charges were dismissed at Crawley Magistrates’ Court on Monday, as ‘no evidence was offered’. Price, 44, had been charged with one count of exceeding the 60mph speed limit on September 13, 2021, and one count of failing to provide information on January 26 this year. The hearing had previously been listed to take place on Tuesday but was brought forward. Price did not attend court. She is currently on holiday in Thailand with her boyfriend Carl Woods, with the pair recently being spotted enjoying a shopping trip. In September, she was handed a suspended sentence after crashing her BMW in West Sussex. She was given a 16-week prison sentence, suspended for 12 months, with 100 hours of unpaid work and 20 rehabilitation activity requirement sessions to be completed within the next 12 months. She was also disqualified from driving for two years and ordered to pay £85 costs. Last month she swerved a potential jail sentence, after she was warned she could face prison time when she pleaded guilty to breaching a restraining order after she messaged her ex Kieran Hayler’s fiancee Michelle Penticost. Price was given a community order and told to pay £1,500 costs at Lewes Crown Court. Nicholas Hamblin, representing Price, said his client had pleaded guilty to the breach but she had been under a ‘misunderstanding’ that the restraining order ‘worked both ways’. Mr Hamblin said that Price had sought help for her emotional problems at the Priory Clinic. He said she suffered from a ‘depressive disorder and anxiety’, and added: ‘Miss Price is learning to cope with her emotional problems and to not react in the way she has in this case.’ He continued: ‘She has two different personalities, the public one and the vulnerable one of being in the public eye and every day in the public eye no matter what she does. ‘It’s perhaps a case of building someone up only to knock them down.’ He added that ‘there was a lot of good to be said’ for Price and she was considered in a probation report to be at ‘low risk of reoffending’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Carl Woods’ ‘biggest desire is to be a father’ with Katie Price after she swerves jail time MORE : Katie Price rocks high-heeled Crocs on shopping trip with Carl Woods in Thailand after avoiding prison sentence 