House hunters poked fun at a property listing that priced a five-bed terrace in disrepair as £450million – making it the most expensive home in the country. Despite being advertised as being in need of repairs, the terraced house in Folkestone, Kent, was shown to cost nearly half a billion pounds. That’s £200million more than Britain’s most expensive home – owned by Phones 4 U founder John Caudwell, in Mayfair, London. The mid-terrace home is clearly in need of some TLC, with paint peeling off the walls at the front, an overgrown garden and outdated decor. The five-bedroom, two bathroom flat – which also features four reception rooms and a showroom – is said to have ‘bags of potential’ and ‘ideal for those looking for a project.’ What’s more, the description stressed that there’s a good opportunity to turn the property into apartments. ‘Potential for conversion and extending,’ said the listing, on Rightmove. It continued: ‘A large Victorian mid terraced property with many original features, centrally located within walking distance of the town centre and Folkestone Central station. ‘Set over four floors: lower ground, upper ground, first floor, second floor and attic. ‘There is also a good sized, southerly facing walled garden to the rear. ‘The property has gas fired central heating, a family bathroom, separate shower and two additional WCs. ‘This property requires some repairs and modernisation. ‘There is residential on street parking currently at a cost of £25 per annum.’ The home was on the market with Purplebricks – but it seems the listing has since been removed. Tom Greenacre, Purplebricks’ managing director, told Metro.co.uk: ‘The property price previously given was input in error. As soon as we became aware of this mistake we removed the listing immediately. ‘We are liaising with the vendor to ensure that if the property is relisted it has the correct information.’ Home hunters were quick to make fun of the obviously incorrect listing. ‘Cost of housing these days, madness,’ joked one prospective buyer, called Niall. ‘Still, £90,000,000 per bedroom isn’t bad,’ he added. ‘Bargain,’ someone else said. Another, Josh, quipped: ‘Great price.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : ‘Cheengu blue’ decor pieces to bring calm to your home MORE : How these holiday schemes are avoiding single-use plastics