Red Bull team principal Christian Horner does not consider Charles Leclerc to be a ‘crasher’ even after the Ferrari driver’s costly mistake at the French Grand Prix. Leclerc started Sunday’s race from pole and did well to hold off Max Verstappen in the opening stages, and it seemed like fans were in for a tantalising race at the Circuit Paul Ricard. However, on lap 18, just two laps after the Red Bull driver boxed, Leclerc spun off into the barriers and was forced to retire then and there, essentially handing the victory on a silver-platter to Verstappen. This is the latest in a long line of self-inflicted crashes the Monegasque has suffered, the most recent being at Imola where, while chasing Sergio Perez for second place, he spun into the barriers and as a result dropped off the podium, eventually finishing sixth. With crucial points continuously being thrown away, some have labelled Leclerc as a ‘bottle-job’ or ‘crasher’ but when the latter term was put to Horner on Sky Sports after the French Grand Prix, he replied: ‘I don’t think so. ‘I don’t know whether anything else contributed to his accident. He’s a very strong driver. ‘I mean, these two guys [Leclerc and Verstappen], they are operating and pushing each other so hard. And these cars are right on the edge in these conditions. ‘His bad luck was our good luck today and it’s swung around during the course of the year.’ While it was initially thought that a throttle pedal issue had caused the crash, Leclerc would later admit that he was solely to blame, saying: ‘I did a mistake at the wrong time.’ Despite overall having the fastest car, Leclerc and Ferrari have lost countless points this season through a combination of driver-error, strategy blunders and reliability issues, with Verstappen and Red Bull the beneficiaries of these mistakes. As a result, the Dutchman has an impressive 63 point lead over the Monegasque while Ferrari trail Red Bull by 82 points in the constructors’ table, and while this will no doubt please Verstappen fans, one can’t help but feel that a potentially brilliant race in France, let alone an overall title fight, is being ruined. ‘It would have been fascinating to see if Charles had pitted, he would have had a two or three-lap advantage of tyres,’ Horner added. ‘It would have been a great battle. [Our] tyre temperatures were actually looking pretty under control, wear was looking good, we weren’t blistering as much as the Ferrari was and so we were feeling pretty strong, which is why we went on an aggressive one-stop.’ MORE : ‘What on earth is going on?’ – Nico Rosberg slams Ferrari after latest strategy blunder at French Grand Prix MORE : Lewis Hamilton discusses F1 future plans after impressing in 300th race at French Grand Prix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 