Things got extremely tense between the Love Island lads during Monday’s episode after Dami Hope called out Luca Bish for being ‘fake.’ While their respective partners are currently living it up in Casa Amor, the boys were introduced to the new bombshells and tonight Dami and Andrew Le Page wasted no time in getting to know them. Dami – who has been in a steady couple with Indiyah Polack –  and newcomer Summer Botwe had a private chat on the terrace, however, things took a flirty turn after she leaned in for a kiss. During their ‘boys meeting’, he explained to the guys that ‘it was a good kiss’ and he wanted to ‘be open to the [Casa Amor] experience.’ ‘I still feel like it’s unlikely for anyone to change my connection with Indiyah,’ he said. ‘Mate you’ve kissed her now, you can hug her [Summer] in bed,’ Luca replied, while nudging Jacques O’Neill. Luca’s playful yet shady dig didn’t go unnoticed by Dami who asked the fishmonger to ‘stop egging people on.’ ‘I know you want to win this Love Island show, but relax man,’ snapped Dami. There’s the mic drop! A clearly rattled Luca demanded Dami to elaborate on his statement to which Dami hailed him ‘fake.’ ‘I don’t need to hold a girl hostage just because I’m afraid of what she’s going to do. I can let the girl be free,’ he said. Confused by what he meant, Luca replied: ‘Who have I held hostage?’ Addressing his relationship with Gemma Owen, Dami added: ‘You are literally protecting her from seeing if there’s something potentially for her. ‘I see how you are with Gemma, I just feel like you should be like that all the time, stop doing one thing with us. Just be like that all the time.’ In an attempt to diffuse the situation, Andrew begged the boys to ‘kiss and makeup’ and Dami apologised for calling him fake and insisted he didn’t like the way he ‘played up’ in front of everyone else. What a night! Elsewhere, Gemma didn’t seem best pleased during the risque raunchy races game, after she was aware that Luca was kissing and toe-sucking throughout. Love Island continues on Tuesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Davide Sanclimenti has Love Island viewers in bits after thinking celibacy is a location: ‘Where is that?’ MORE : Love Island’s Gemma Owen rages after Luca Bish snogs Chyna Mills: ‘Clearly I’m p****d off’ 