Good Morning Britain stars Ben Shephard and Charlotte Hawkins have sent love to Kate Garraway after her husband Derek Draper was rushed to hospital. It was reported on Wednesday night that Kate would be absent from the ITV daytime programme in order to care for her husband, who was taken to hospital on Tuesday morning. Derek has struggled with ongoing health issues since falling ill with Covid in March 2020 and subsequently falling into a coma. Mum-of-two Kate will not appear on the show this week, with a spokesperson telling Metro.co.uk that she is ‘taking some time off work over the next few days, and is hoping to be back to her normal presenting duties as soon as possible.’ Addressing Kate’s absence on Thursday’s episode, Ben said: ‘We are missing a member of the team, aren’t we?’ ‘We are yes,’ Charlotte replied. ‘So Kate’s not here. She’s taking some time out to be with Derek at the moment so we’re sending her lots of love. ‘Lots of you have been in touch with messages of support, so we wish him well.’ Ben continued: ‘Thank you for those messages, we’ll definitely pass them on. You know how much Kate appreciates all the support that she gets and fingers crossed Derek will be home as soon as possible.’ Kate became a carer for former political lobbyist Derek two years ago after he contracted Covid. He was released from hospital last year but continues to experience problems with his health. A source previously said of her husband’s health: ‘Derek has been taken back to hospital this morning in a very serious condition. ‘The family are very worried about him but Derek is in the best hands.’ They added to The Sun: ‘Kate is by his side and is keeping it together as best she can. She’s a total professional and devoted to her work – both on Good Morning Britain and Smooth – but she had no choice but to step away this week to be there with him. ‘This is an incredibly difficult time for her and their family.’ It’s at least the second time Derek has returned to hospital this month, after Kate, 55, shared an update earlier in July. Speaking at the Tric Awards in London Kate told the publication: ‘He’s ok, he’s back in hospital actually, so that’s a development. There we are.’ Derek, 54, was first hospitalised with Covid in March 2020 and spent over a year in hospital before being discharged in April last year. Covid affected Derek’s ability to communicate, which caused damage to many of his organs. The former Labour advisor required round-the-clock care upon his return from hospital, prompting Kate to transform their family home to ensure it met his needs. He has only been spotted on a couple of occasions outside the house since. Over the past year, Kate has released two documentaries – Finding Derek and Caring For Derek – giving the public an insight into his recovery and what it’s been like for her looking after him since his return home. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 