‘So the aim today is just to try and get you to actually hit the ball,’ says my cheery golf pro instructor, Andy, encouragingly and optimistically. Everything I know about the game could fit down the side of a golf tee – pretty shameful considering I grew up in Scotland, where it originated in the 15th century. Even more so, considering my own dad is golf-obsessed (at his peak, his handicap was nine). And now, with the world’s most prestigious tournament starting at St Andrews this week, I figure it’s about time I try to master the basics. This will be the 30th time the Open – which also started life in Scotland –has been played on the town’s famous Old Course. It sees all the top names in golf, from Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy to defending champion Collin Morikawa, flood to this tiny coastal university town. These people earn millions just for hitting a small white ball into a hole with a stick – how hard can it really be? Quite hard, it turns out. I’ve come to the St Andrews Links Golf Academy for an introductory lesson (one hour from £75). I’ve dressed the part, in unflattering baggy checked trousers. Before we start, in a partially indoor practice bay, Andy talks me through the hi-tech Trackman equipment they use, which forensically analyses your every swing, from the angle you hit the ball at to its subsequent speed and direction. ‘It also records you, so we can examine your stance and body positioning,’ he explains. ‘Even experienced professionals regularly use this tech to try and improve.’ After two hours of patiently trying to get me to bend my knees properly, rotate my hips and keep my wrists straight while attempting to connect with the ball, Andy leads me out on to the neighbouring Balgove course to try a shot on real grass. A hole in one? I don’t even get a hole in 20. To soften the blow, at least I’m staying here in style. The elegant, 19th-century Rusacks hotel is the only one in St Andrews that overlooks the Old Course’s all-important 18th hole. Its recent multimillion-pound renovation has resulted in changes such as 18, its chic new rooftop restaurant, which offers an incredible view of the sweeping golden stretch of West Sands beach, best known for the opening scene of 1981 film Chariots Of Fire. I can also see across to the grand Victorian pile housing one of the oldest – and possibly the most exclusive – golf clubs in the world, the Royal and Ancient. Over a G&T with hotel manager Seamus, he tells me that you have to be proposed by no fewer than 35 people if you want to be a member. The next day, after breakfast with a ground-level view of the Old Course in the airy Bridge restaurant, surrounded by excitable Americans in luridly patterned plus-fours and golf caps, I head out through the lobby. Over its carved wooden fireplace hangs a painting of Tom Morris, a former greenkeeper, golf instructor and course designer who won four Open championships here (the first of them in 1861). Walking further into town, I pass the Northpoint Cafe, which has a sign in its window proudly proclaiming ‘This is where Kate met Wills’. As I’m not currently looking for a prince of my own I don’t stop, instead pausing to admire the remnants of the medieval cathedral, whose twin spires provide a focal point across the town, before heading down towards the shore. The coastline’s a little more craggy here, running along from East Sands beach to Castle Sands, above which the ancient ruins of St Andrews Castle perch. Off-duty students pose for selfies, while seagulls try and dive-bomb my ice cream. Back towards the hotel, I walk across the small stone Swilcan Bridge that crosses a stream on the Old Course to the sounds of distant cheers for a golfer who’s managed to bag a hole in one on the 18th. No, that will never be me, but I can’t think of a better place to have tried. Train from London to Edinburgh from £40 one way via Lumo; rooms at Rusacks St Andrews from £239pn including breakfast. For info visit theopen.com and visitscotland.com. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What it’s like to go on a Jurassic Park-style adventure in the volcanic Azores, Portugal MORE : How to plan your first solo travel trip abroad MORE : Hotel in the Lake District launches ‘animal mindfulness’ workshops to reduce stress