Novak Djokovic is predicting ’emotional fireworks’ when he takes on tennis rebel Nick Kyrgios in the Wimbledon 2022 final on Sunday. The six-time Wimbledon champion sealed his spot in the Championship match with victory over Great Britain No.1 Cameron Norrie on Friday while fiery Australian Kyrgios received a bye after Rafael Nadal withdrew with injury. Kyrgios’ run to the final has been highly controversial, with the world No.40 facing an assault charge for an incident involving his ex-girlfriend Chiara Passari which allegedly occurred in December 2021. He has also been involved in various high-profile arguments with umpires and line judges during matches as well as disputes with journalists and players off the court. ‘One thing is for sure – there’s going to be a lot of fireworks, emotionally!’ Djokovic said after his victory over Norrie. ‘It’s going to be his first Grand Slam final. He is obviously very excited and he does not have much to lose. He is always playing like that. ‘He is playing so freely, he has one of the biggest serves in the game. He has a big game overall, with a lot of power in his shots. ‘We haven’t played for some time and I’ve never won a set off him. Hopefully it will be different this time. ‘It’s another final for me here at Wimbledon – the tournament that I love so much – and hopefully experience can work in my favour.’ Djokovic and Kyrgios used to have a frosty relationship, but the world No.40 has recently revealed that the pair are a lot closer these days and sometimes message each other. World No.3 Djokovic, a 20-time major winner, has played Kyrgios twice and has lost both times in straight sets – with both meetings coming in the 2017 season. Kyrgios, meanwhile, is enjoying his best-ever Grand Slam performance and his reached the final of a major tournament for the first time. MORE : Nick Kyrgios sends classy message to Rafael Nadal after Wimbledon withdrawal MORE : Tennis star Ajla Tomljanovic reveals thoughts on ex-boyfriend Nick Kyrgios' assault charge 