Kim Kardashian left fans confused this week after she stepped out in a bodysuit with a list of tour dates on it this week… leading with Barnsley. People soon spotted that as well as the UK town – specifically in South Yorkshire – there were a list of unexpected locations in other countries as well. Well, there’s actually a very sweet reason why those particular locations are featured on the £495 Balenciaga bodysuit over others. It was revealed in 2017 by i-D that the Balenciaga ‘tour dates’ are in fact a list of the places where the brand’s team were born as well as their birthdays, meaning one of their workers is from Barnsley. The collection is stylised to look like a band T-shirt, with a fake band called Speedhunters, created by Balenciaga for its Fall/Winter 2018 collection, pictured on the front. Kim’s sleek look layered the bodysuit over skin-tight lycra Pantaleggings worth £2,300 (no your eyes aren’t deceiving you, they are in fact pointed stiletto boots which are attached to leggings), paired with a black fuzzy bag and black sunglasses which complemented Kim’s bleached white hair. The mother-of-four was in Paris with her daughter North West, nine, for fashion week and her daughter was dressed just as fashion-forward as her mother. North wore a Balenciaga T-shirt and baggy black trousers, paired with an oversized black glittery denim jacket. She had her hair styled in long twists and carried a tiny silver handbag, with dark sunglasses similar to her mother. North’s look was completed with chunky Croc-style boots with a thick platform and silver metal hardware and embellishments. With Kim as her mum and Kanye West as her father, it’s no wonder North has taken an interest in fashion from a young age. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Khloe Kardashian ‘happy in new relationship’ but Tristan Thompson wants her back MORE : Rihanna boots Kim Kardashian to become America’s youngest self-made female billionaire with net worth of $1,400,000,000 by age 34 