A supermarket worker has been barred from parking outside her home of 25 years after being rejected for a permit. Geraldine McGuinness from Greenock, Inverclyde, has been battling with the private firm who deals with her council’s parking system. Whenever she’s tried getting help from local authorities, they’ve simply referred her to the third-party company based in Nottingham. Geraldine, who lives with her husband, said that only one of their two parking applications was approved. The car that was turned down previously had a permit, which hasn’t rolled over, meaning the couple now risk being fined for parking on their own street. This was despite them applying in time and providing all of the required documentation. Meanwhile Inverclyde Council has confirmed that households are entitled to two permits. ‘I’ve been back and forth for weeks, from before the permit was up, trying to get it renewed,’ said Geraldine, 54. ‘I had no issue with one of our vehicles, but for some reason they just would not accept the other. ‘They didn’t even provide a reason for rejecting the application, I’ve been passed around different people who are all saying different things. ‘It’s been incredibly frustrating, I’ve followed every step and uploaded everything I need to. ‘I’ve spoken to the company multiple times and people were supposed to call me back, but I’ve had no luck.’ ‘I don’t understand why I haven’t had the issue resolved, it’s certainly not for want of trying. ‘I’ve had no help in sorting this with either Inverclyde Council or the third party company, who are based in Nottingham, and I’ve had enough. ‘I know how to work with technology, but there may be people who don’t and will struggle even more than I have.’ A council spokesperson said: ‘No one should need to contact any other service to arrange a resident’s parking permit. ‘The zones, criteria and application process are published on the council website and paper versions are available in local libraries. ‘Any resident who meets the criteria can apply for up to two permits per household. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.