Did you know that our pets eat 20% of the world’s fish and meat? That’s a crazy figure, but aside from forcing your furry friends to become vegan (which can be detrimental to their health) there’s never been an eco-friendly solution to feeding time – until now. Grub Club has created a balanced dog food that’s made from insects, which is just as nutritious as meat but far better for the planet. Insect protein requires much less land and water than farmed meat and generates 97% less greenhouse gas, cutting down the 106million tonnes of carbon the pet food industry creates (about the same carbon footprint as the whole of the Philippines). The Black Soldier Fly larvae protein in Grub Club food contains double the protein of meat, despite using 47 times less land and 25 times less water to cultivate. In tests, 90% of dogs chose Grub Club over meat-based treats, so taste shouldn’t be an issue either. The British Veterinary Association-approved food is grain-free, and can be a saviour if your pooch has a sensitive stomach. Sustainability aside, most canine food allergies are caused by meat, so by nature Grub Club products are hypoallergenic. As the insect protein is easier to digest than meat, you may see the unintended positive side effect of less messy poos after changing your dog’s diet. All products are made in the UK using quality ingredients, taking away your eco guilt as well as ensuring your beloved pet is getting the very best. Think this insect business may be worth the buzz? Grub Club has a range of dry food and treats, with prices starting at £3.49. You can get bundles for your dog’s specific needs, and choose subscriptions so you never run out. Better still, everything at Grub Club is currently discounted by 25%, so you can re-imagine your pet food without breaking the bank. Check out the full Grub Club range here. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’ve married my passions for music and web design to build a career’ MORE : Why it’s time to let go of rigid life plans – and how to do it comfortably