Boris Johnson wants to stay on so he and wife Carrie can have a massive wedding party at Chequers, Tory sources have reportedly claimed. The couple tied the knot with just a few guests at Westminster Cathedral in May last year. But two sources have told The Mirror the couple are keen to go ahead with the party and invite as many friends and family as possible because Covid restrictions have now been lifted. The Chequers do, reportedly planned for July 30, is expected to be bigger and more lavish than the downscaled wedding. Allies of the PM have hit out though and suggested Boris Johnson wants to stay on as caretaker prime minister out of sense for the country as a new leader is found. If Boris is forced out earlier than the autumn though, he will be forced to cancel the lavish do. One Tory source said: ‘It beggars belief that even after all the criticism Johnson has faced regarding integrity and probity, one of the reasons he is staying is to have his wedding party at Chequers. ‘It’s a national asset not his personal home. The Johnsons should do the decent thing and find a different venue. ‘And Boris should do the decent thing and leave No 10 immediately’. A second insider added: ‘It’s crass if it goes ahead.’ But a spokesman told Metro.co.uk: ‘The PM has a strong sense of duty and will continue to serve his country until a new leader is in place solely to continue his obligation to the public.’ Boris Johnson confirmed today he would be stepping down as leader of the Conservative party after a tumultuous few days which have rocked the Tory party. MPs like Grant Shapps, Priti Patel and Brandon Lewis, who have been avid supporters of the PM during his tenure turned against him and advised him to step down. The UK is now on course for its fourth prime minister in just six years and whoever now takes over as prime minister, they will have to work to alleviate the cost of living crisis while maintaining international security on the world stage following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.