Actor Larry Storch has died at the age of 99. The American star – who provided the voice of Mr. Whoopee on Tennessee Tuxedo and His Tales and starred as Corporal Randolph Agarn on classic 1960s Western sitcom F Troop – died from natural causes on Thursday, July 7. He died at his apartment in New York City, with his death confirmed by his team on social media. Their statement read: ‘It is with the heaviest of hearts that we share with you the news our beloved Larry passed away in his sleep overnight.’ ‘We are shocked and at a loss for words at the moment,’ they shared. The statement continued to thank Storch’s supporters and encouraged them to remember him fondly. ‘Please remember he loved each and every one of you and wouldn’t want you to cry over his passing,’ they said. Storch’s team assured that the actor has been ‘reunited with his wife Norma and his beloved F Troop cast and so many friends and family.’ The comedian was married to actress Norma Catherine Greve from 1961 until her death in 2003 at the age of 81 and is survived by his three children – Lary May, Candace Hurman, and stepdaughter, June Cross. Storch started out as a comic and made guest appearances on dozens of television series, including Mannix, Car 54, Where Are You?, Hennesey, Get Smart, Sergeant Bilko, Columbo, and more. Throughout his career, Storch appeared in many other memorable roles, including 25 Hollywood films. His CV includes Sex and the Single Girl, where he starred alongside Natalie Wood, and he later appeared in a Broadway revival of Annie Get Your Gun  opposite soap star Susan Lucci in the early 2000s. His personal manager Matt Beckoff explained that he was the ‘nicest person’ who always had times for fans. He said: ‘If I told you how nice he was, you wouldn’t believe it. He embraced it. He loved being Agarn [on F Troop]. He was the kindest, sweetest person who always had time for autograph-seekers and was generous to people in need.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : 1000-Ib Sisters’ Amy Slaton gives birth to second child: ‘Our family is complete’ MORE : Dapper Laughs in tears after marrying Shelley Rae – 4 years after shock proposal live on Celebrity Big Brother 