Sir Keir Starmer has become the latest politician to push for a day off to celebrate the country winning the Women’s Euros. The Lionesses are set to play Germany at a sold-out Wembley Stadium on Sunday after trouncing Sweden 4-0 in the semi-final on Tuesday. Many have been calling for an additional bank holiday if they actually win the competition, which now includes the Labour leader and footie fan. Sir Keir told The Mirror: ‘The whole country will be roaring on the Lionesses in the final on Sunday. ‘They have already done us proud, but if they win it will be a truly historic achievement – one that should be marked with a proper day of celebration, where clubs can open and promote access for women and girls.’ Lib Dem leader Sir Ed Davey also praised the Lionesses’ ‘winning spirit and exciting playing style’. He said: ‘I see no reason why the country can’t come together and treasure an amazing sporting achievement.’ Similarly, former Tory sports minister Tracey Crouch said the country should have a chance to ‘celebrate with a special bank holiday as we said we would for the men’. It is impossible to know for sure whether the country would have been given a bank holiday if the men had won the Euros last year, because they lost to Italy following a heartbreaking penalty shootout. Just before the final, Boris Johnson answered similar calls to declare a bank holiday with: ‘I think that would be tempting fate – let’s see.’ But the Government has been fairly firm this time around, saying a day off would be too expensive for the country. A spokesperson said: ‘The Lionesses have done England proud with their fantastic run to the Euro 2022 final. ‘The whole country will be roaring them on and hopefully watching a famous victory against Germany on Sunday evening. ‘We will certainly be celebrating their success. However, the current pattern of public and bank holidays is well established and while an additional bank holiday may benefit some communities and sectors, the cost to the economy of an additional bank holiday is considerable.’ Mr Johnson did show his support for the Lionnesses after their semi-final win, tweeting: ‘On to Wembley! ‘A fantastic result for captain @leahcwilliamson and the @Lionesses tonight against Sweden. Come on England, bring it home.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.