Rishi Sunak insists he has not spoken with Dominic Cummings since the former adviser left Downing Street. The former chancellor was one of the first politicians to launch his campaign to become the leader of the Conservative Party after Boris Johnson was forced to resign. Several Tories have since joined the race but current foreign secretary Liz Truss is thought to be Mr Sunak’s biggest competition. Ms Truss is one of the multiple candidates Mr Cummings has made ‘poisonous’ claims about on Twitter. Mr Cummings, who dramatically resigned in 2020, tweeted on Friday: ‘At least three current candidates would be worse than Boris. At least one is more insane than Truss, clearly unfit to be anywhere near nuclear codes.’ Posts like this have led people to believe Mr Cummings has thrown his support behind Mr Sunak, pushing the former chancellor to deny the pair are working together. Nadine Dorries, who is a close ally of Mr Johnson, told The Daily Mail: ‘People have to ask themselves the question: why is Cummings backing Rishi? ‘The answer to that question is because Cummings believes he can control Rishi and sees a role for himself back in government, and that is quite terrifying.’ Other Tories said it was important Mr Sunak ‘came clean’ about whether he was receiving advice from the controversial political aide. A Sunak campaign spokesperson quoted by The Mail said: ‘Mr Cummings and Rishi have not spoken since he left No 10 almost two years ago.’ Ms Truss is expected to campaign for tax cuts in a direct challenge to Mr Sunak. She said: ‘I will fight the election as a Conservative and govern as a Conservative. ‘Under my leadership, I would start cutting taxes from day one to take immediate action to help people deal with the cost of living.’   Other contenders include former health secretaries Sajid Javid and Jeremy Hunt, Mr Sunak’s successor as chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, and transport secretary Grant Shapps. It comes after footage of a young Mr Sunak saying he has no working class friends has resurfaced. In the 2011 BBC documentary clip, Mr Sunak says: ‘I have friends who are aristocrats, I have friends who are upper class, I have friends who are working class… Well, not working class. ‘But I mix and match and I go to see kids from an inner city state school and tell them to apply to Oxford and talk to them about people like me.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.