After dropping a hit collab in February, Greggs and Primark are at it again. The retail giant and beloved bakery chain are teaming up to offer another selection of Greggs-branded clothing. The hype around the first collection was so huge that, within a week, products from the range were selling on eBay for more than three times their original price. So if you’re keen on what they’re offering, you’ll probably want to move fast. The new 21-piece collection – which was announced by the two brands on social media this morning – will include bodysuits, bumbags, bucket hats, and even Croc dupe sling-back clogs. The collection is set to drop in all Primark stores nationwide from Friday August 5. Hannah Squirrell, customer director at Greggs, said: ‘The reaction to our first official Greggs clothing collection was incredible and sold out even faster than we anticipated. ‘We’re excited to team up with Primark once again to deliver more fun and unique pieces that Greggs fans will wear with pride across the summer and beyond.’ For any keen beans out there, customers will also be able to get their hands on some items from the collection ahead of the official launch date – as a Greggs and Primark ‘Snackfest’ bus travels the UK this week and next. The bus will be stopping off at the following cities: Not only is the Snackfest bus bringing items from the collection, but it will also boast live music, competitions and special guest appearances for attendees to enjoy. You won’t be able to go absolutely wild with your purchases, however, as shoppers will be limited to buying just two items per person. Jermaine Lapwood, head of innovation and future trends at Primark, said: ‘I believe the best partnerships in fashion are those that are blindingly obvious but never boring or predictable. In a world of collaborations, it is important that we stand out and be different. ‘As part of this drop, for the first time in Primark history we are taking the collection on the road and fans will be able to get early access to our own “Snackfest” tour bus which will pop up across the UK. Keep a lookout for some top secret special guest performances and fun competitions.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Primark staff save dog that collapsed after being taken for walk in heatwave MORE : Greggs opens Leicester Square ‘megastore’ with fans waiting two hours in heatwave MORE : Primark finally goes online with new click-and-collect trial