Fitness influencer and personal trainer Joe Wicks has discussed finding ‘balance’ with his food and training as he relaxes it ahead of welcoming baby number three with wife Rosie Jones. Known as The Body Coach online, where he led millions in his free PE With Joe free exercise sessions during lockdown – earning himself an MBE in the process – Joe has shared how his embracing of the ‘dad bod’ helps him to be more relatable to his followers and fans. The 36-year-old, who was recently awarded with an honorary doctorate from St Mary’s University, posts workout routines and healthy recipes online but doesn’t shy away from sharing about indulging in ice-creams, his favourite drink and meals out too. Speaking in a new interview, he stated: ‘I don’t have to be shredded 365 days a year to be inspiring. ‘And if I’m really honest about things, I think people like that. When I have a bit of weight on me people relate to it because no one is bang on it all year round.’ He added to The Mirror: ‘I think the reason people do connect with me is because I share those ups and downs, I share the months I’m not training or if I’m having a bit of a blowout and people feel that is quite a human thing.’ Discussing the effort and sacrifice it takes to be ‘lean year round’, the fitness guru admitted that he couldn’t ‘look like that and be able to have ice creams and gin and tonics and eat out’ as he said it ‘wasn’t that enjoyable’ to look in tip-top shape. He went on: ‘So I actually think I’ve got a much better balance now with my food and my training. I’m just happy as I am.’ Joe and Rosie, 31, are parents to daughter Indie, three, and two-year-old son Marley, and are preparing to welcome their new arrival in September. Joe, who released the emotional documentary Joe Wicks: Facing My Childhood earlier this year, which delved into his parents’ struggles with addiction and mental health, has also been a proponent of being open about mental health, and using exercise as a tool to combat tough periods. Speaking to Metro.co.uk recently, he shared: ‘It’s something that I definitely wouldn’t have been confident talking about 10 years ago when I started out as a trainer, because I just didn’t have the knowledge and didn’t have the kind of world experience to talk about it. ‘I’ve since spoken to so many people, and had so many interactions with people that are suffering and who have come through it, even with healthy food and exercise or meditation and mindfulness and different kinds of things. ‘I just think, if I can use my platform to share about that, and to spread that message, it’s always a positive thing. ‘I think when I show my own vulnerabilities in my documentary, I think it helps a lot of young guys think “Hey, you know what, I’m ready to talk now, I can actually come out and ask for help.”’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ranvir Singh enjoys day out at Ascot with boyfriend Louis Church and son Tushaan in rare outing together MORE : Kate Moss felt she ‘had to say that truth’ in defence of Johnny Depp at Amber Heard defamation trial 