Sparks were flying during Tuesday’s Love Island as some islanders assessed their current relationships with their respective partners, while others entertained potential new ones. In a major contrast to yesterday’s fiery instalment, things were a lot calmer between the lads, however, the drama was very much alive for the girls in Casa Amor. A couple of days ago, most of the couples seemed to be in a good place, but the show has proved time and time again that things can change in a blink of an eye. After securing two kisses with Coco Lodge, Andrew Le Page has put his relationship with Tasha Ghouri on the backburner – despite Tasha claiming she had ‘fallen’ for him prior to Casa Amor. Meanwhile, Dami Hope – who was in a steady couple with Indiyah Polack – also had a cheeky kiss with Summer Botwe, but with the next recoupling looming, what will he decide? Racking his brain over what Paige is getting up to in Casa Amor, Jacques expressed to Andrew and Dami that he was ready to ‘test the waters’ with the new girls. ‘I’m literally feeling like this because I’m thinking about Paige’s feelings but I don’t know what she’s doing’, he said. ‘I need to get to know the girl, If I’m feeling a kiss tonight I’ll deal with the consequences later.’ After declaring it was time to ‘test’ his connection with Paige (the boys are really loving that word this season) he spent tonight’s episode getting to know Mollie Salmon and Cheyanne Kerr, but will one of them sway him from Paige? Earlier in the episode, Paige pulled Billy for a chat and put him in the friend zone and told him her head is ‘pretty much with Jacques.’ If only she knew what was going on in the main villa. Whilst having a chat with Billy, Gemma Owen, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Paige wanted to get Samuel Agbiji’s opinion over her romance with Jacques. ‘He’s a cheeky chappy guy, typical rugby guy,’ Samuel replied. ‘You like him more than he likes you, and he’s aware of it. ‘You obviously feel for the guy, but sometimes your common sense goes, he’s disrespected you sometimes.’ He certainly didn’t come to play! With Samuel’s words ringing in her ear, Paige shared her doubts with Ekin- Su and Gemma. ‘It’s rattled me I’m not going to lie,’ she sobbed. ‘It’s still s*** to hear, and now I’ve got to wait here. I’ve let myself be a mug all over again, I can’t do it.’ Will Paige trust her connection with Jacques or has the revelation led to a change of heart? Although she’s unaware of what’s happening with Andrew in the main villa, Tasha said Billy has a quality Andrew doesn’t have. After Danica Taylor encouraged Indiyah Polack and Tasha to explore their possibilities in Casa Amor, Tasha decided to give Billy a chance after rveealing she was initially ‘drawn to his banter.’ Seizing an opportunity for a kiss, Billy highlighted they have only locked lips during a challenge, however, Billy picked up Tasha’s hint and leaned in. ‘He did go in for a kiss,’ she said in the Beach Hut. ‘Very interesting, I don’t know where my head is at, I’m not going to lie.’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm at ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: Has a Casa Amor contestant ever won? MORE : Love Island’s Jack Keating’s mother addresses cruel comments from trolls on social media since Casa Amor debut 