Fashion firm Superdry has ended its reported £1million deal with Brooklyn Beckham. The 23-year-old celebrity offspring was announced as the brand’s ambassador last November – with a reported £1million contract, but it seems the partnership is no more. The son of footballer David Beckham and Spice Girl-turned-designer Victoria Beckham had shot arty black and white campaigns and a sustainable style collection for the brand, and shared posts on his social media accounts. The keen photographer also helped launch their new flagship store on Oxford Street late last year. A Superdry spokesperson told Metro.co.uk: ‘Superdry works with a range of brand ambassadors and enjoyed working with Brooklyn during the launch of our new flagship Oxford Street store and during our Autumn/Winter 21 campaign. ‘We always review the ambassadors who feature in our campaigns and decided to work with a different range of talent for Spring/Summer 22.’ Unveiling Beckham as a brand ambassador last year, Superdry boss Julian Dunkerton said: ‘To have the endorsement of Brooklyn is a testament to what we’re doing as a brand. ‘As a business, we want to effect positive change for present and future generations, a generation that Brooklyn is speaking to.’ At the time, the recently wed Brooklyn said a Superdry top was ‘so comfortable’ and praised their vegan offerings. ‘It is so comfortable – my fiancee steals my Superdry T-shirts because they are so soft. She likes to sleep in them.’ ‘There is also a jacket I really connected with – it is orange and cropped so it sits just above my bum, which I like in my T-shirts and jackets. And the shoes are vegan – how is that possible?’ During his tenure as brand ambassador, it was noted on social media that Brooklyn’s lifestyle choices might come in conflict with the ethos of Superdry. It was pointed out he was promoting vegan trainers despite not following a vegan lifestyle as a chef-in-training who had been filmed cooking steak. The Superdry gig was another to add to his growing modelling portfolio, with him and his wife, American actress Nicola Peltz, 26, already the face of Pepe Jeans. He has already appeared on the cover of Vogue China, having started modelling back in 2014, and landed the digital cover of Vogue Hong Kong with a mirror selfie in June last year. His younger brother Romeo, 19, also famously starred in a Burberry Christmas campaign at the tender age of 12, so combined with Victoria’s designer label and make-up empire, fashion runs deep in the Beckham blood. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Brooklyn Beckham for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz kick off romantic honeymoon as they cuddle up in St Tropez MORE : Victoria Beckham calls out Chris Evans weighing her on TV show after giving birth to son Brooklyn: ‘Can you imagine doing that nowadays?’ 