Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti decided to introduce his own alter ego to the rest of the villa in Saturday’s latest Unseen Bits. The 27-year-old Italian stallion made a big impression as the first bombshell of the series, and we can’t really blame him for wanting to relieve that experience again. In last night’s catch-up special, the Love Island lads played a harmless prank on the girls, with Jay Younger declaring: ‘Hi boys, please meet Abby and Immi at the front door #toomanygirls.’ While the girls were getting ready to meet the competition, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu wasn’t convinced. ‘It’s not real I heard them f*****g plan it,’ she said. And she certainly hit the nail on the head, as Davide, aka Abby, rocked up in an orange co-ord and leopard print kimono. ‘Anyone expecting a tan brunette,’ he joked. The light-hearted moment didn’t go unnoticed by fans and called for producers to showcase more funny skits into the main show. ‘Not them cross-dressing Davide and him saying his name is Abby. Why wasn’t this in the main show???,’ one person tweeted. ‘Davide dressing up as a new bombshell and saying his top 3 is Davide is top tier viewing,’ another added. It’s set to be an interesting couple of days in the villa as Casa Amor has officially returned. Tonight will see six bombshells drafted in for the boys, and Dami Hope, Luca Bish, and Jacques O’Neill, are already hinting there could be ‘trouble’ ahead. The boys will head outside and are soon greeted by six new girls, as Dami says: ‘These girls are phenomenal, they’re beautiful. Literally, no jokes about it. I’m not gonna lie… ‘I feel like we’re in trouble. I think we’re in trouble man.’ ‘Santa’s delivered trust me… he has brought every single present I wanted,’ added Jacques. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Dami Hope admits ‘we’re in trouble’ Luca Bish eyes up newcomer Mollie Salmon MORE : Yep, Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu used to be an actual pop star and we need her to do Eurovision 