Petra Ecclestone married her partner Sam Palmer in a lavish London ceremony, with the pair sharing gorgeous details from the big day. The Formula 1 heiress, 33, married businessman Sam, 38, at their £170million Chelsea home, surrounded by their loved ones. In photos from the big day, Petra looked stunning in a white gown and veil with lace detail, with Sam going suave and sophisticated. Their bridesmaids and page boys joined them in the snap, with the girls matching Petra in white dresses and the boys suiting up to match Sam. For the nuptials, guests gathered in the landscaped gardens of the Georgian mansion, with the pair saying their vows to the sound of a string quartet, according to MailOnline. The new Mr and Mrs were greeted with cheers and applause afterwards. The outlet adds that Tamara Ecclestone made a speech, describing her sister as her best friend and recalling childhood memories. The pair’s dad Bernie, 91, was not spotted, but it’s thought he gave his daughter away, as is tradition. Sharing snaps from the big day – and the party into the night –  Sam wrote on Instagram: ‘What a day. All my dreams come true.’ He went on to post photos of himself and his groomsmen, including Jay Rutland, Tamara Ecclestone’s husband, who introduced Sam to his now-wife. Sam also shared details from the wedding, including the all-important menu, with choices including pomodoro pasta or risotto and sea bass fillet or chicken milanese. Following on from the ceremony was a party into the night, with rock band Razorlight performing as the guests danced the night away. High-profile guests including Paris Hilton were expected to attend, while footballer Cesc Fabregas and his wife Daniella Semaan were seen leading the star-studded arrivals. Meanwhile, Sam, who was also first to reveal the happy news after he shared a snap of his ring, also gave us a glimpse into the extravagant wedding presents, revealing he and Petra were gifted the actual 1980 FA Cup, won by West Ham. Sharing a photo of the trophy, Sam said: ‘Going to sleep with the 1980 FA Cup next to my bed. It has to go down as the greatest wedding gift of all time’. Of course, he followed it up with a snap of himself and Petra holding the cup  – and it seems he’s very much won the jackpot. Earlier in the day, Sam had paid tribute to his bride, sharing sweet photos of the pair of them and writing: ‘Happy Wedding Day to the absolute love of my life @petraecclestoneofficial XXXXXX.’ The day before the wedding, supportive sister Tamara had shared gorgeous snaps from her sister’s hen do, which showed the sisters in stunning dresses and surrounded by balloons. She wrote on Instagram: ‘Stayed up past my bed time last night which I would only do to celebrate my best friend and sisters hen [sic]. ‘Had so much fun celebrating the most beautiful kind hearted bride to be. Roll on the wedding cannot wait.’ Petra also shared photos from the night out, including the pair of them posing in front of a flower wall, writing: ‘Sister Sister . Thank you for being you 💗.’ Bernie previously told MailOnline’s Femail: ‘They’re getting married this weekend, somewhere in London. I don’t know the exact location because Petra hasn’t told me yet. ‘It’s wonderful news. Let’s hope she will be happier than she was in her last marriage.’ Petra met Sam in 2017 through her brother-in-law Jay, and they announced their engagement a year later. The pair share their daughter Millie, 18 months, while Petra has kids Lavinia, nine, James, seven, and Andrew, seven, from her marriage to James Stunt. Petra was married to James from 2011 to 2017 – and they underwent a messy divorce, trading blows online. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bernie Ecclestone to be charged with fraud over ‘£400,000,000 overseas assets’ MORE : Bernie Ecclestone doubles down on support for Vladimir Putin as he believes he’s a ‘good guy’: ‘He’s not the person that he’s portrayed to be’ 