The heatwave has kicked off with ‘wall-to-wall sunshine’ that has seen Brits flock to beaches, lidos and parks in a bid to cool down. Sunseekers in London and the south-east of England can expect highs of 29°C and clear skies tomorrow after Friday saw parts of the country hotter than Los Angeles and Santorini. And the heatwave will continue into next week, with temperatures set to soar above 32°C on Tuesday, potentially making it the hottest day of the year so far. But while some may be enjoying the warm weather, it comes with a health warning. A heat-health alert has been issued for some regions, with those in affected areas advised to shade or cover windows, check fridges are working properly, and that medicine is correctly stored. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) warning will be in force from Monday, July 11 until Friday, July 15, including regions in the south and east of the country. Parents have also been warned to keep their children out of the sun. Sheffield Children’s NHS Foundation Trust has urged parents and guardians to make sure children stay hydrated, are covered up and wear suncream. ‘Don’t allow your children to stay in the sun for long periods – and never leave them in a car on a hot day,’ the trust said on Twitter. ‘Resting in the shade and finding cool places is important. ‘The first sign that a child is overheating is when they become grumpy or complain of a headache. ‘If this happens, get them into a shaded place that is as cool as possible. Remove any clothing you can, give them water to drink and get them to rest.’ This year’s record high currently stands at 32.7°C, recorded at Heathrow on June 17, the Met Office said. It comes after temperatures soared across the country on Friday, with the mercury hitting 28.5°C in St James’s Park, London. Met Office meteorologist Dan Stroud said a brief spell of light cloud on Saturday across most parts of the UK would break up over the course of the weekend. The forecaster added: ‘During the course of the overnight period and into Sunday we’re likely to see cloud breaking up readily across England tomorrow, with temperatures up a notch on what we will see over the course of Saturday. ‘There’s a headline maximum of around 29°C over the course of Sunday in London and the South East. ‘We should see pretty much wall-to-wall sunshine across the bulk of England and Wales and a good portion of Scotland. A lot of clear sky tomorrow for many of us.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.