Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy will finally learn the verdict of their Wagatha Christie trial this week. The libel battle between the pair came after Coleen, 36, publicly accused Rebekah’s Instagram page of being behind three fake stories she had posted on her private account in an attempt to whittle down the alleged culprit. Rebekah, 40, vehemently denied leaking stories to the press and sued the fellow footballer’s wife for libel, but Coleen defended the claim arguing that her post was ‘substantially true’. It has now been revealed that the judge, Mrs Justice Steyn, will announce the verdict on Friday at 12pm. The hearing will take place remotely therefore Coleen, who is married to ex-footballer Wayne Rooney, and Rebekah, wife of Leicester City star Jamie Vardy, are not expected to appear in court. Over the course of just over a week, the High Court in London heard from a series of witnesses, including Coleen’s husband Wayne Rooney, arguing both sides of the case. It centred on the now infamous line Coleen used in October 2019 to reveal the account allegedly responsible for the leaks: ‘I have saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them. ‘It’s ………. Rebekah Vardy’s account.’ The nation was gripped by the trial, which took place in May and included screenshots from Coleen’s private Instagram revealing the fake stories she had planted, such as her allegedly travelling to Mexico for a ‘gender selection’ procedure, as well as planning to return to TV, and the basement flooding at the Coleen family home. In one of the more shocking reveals, Rebekah was pressed about a former interview she gave to the News of the World about her alleged sexual encounter with Peter Andre, and in which she compared his penis to a chipolata. The barrister read excerpts from the article, in which it was claimed Peter had managed ‘just five minutes of sex with Rebekah’ and in which Rebekah said he had ‘the smallest trouser equipment I’ve ever seen’ that was like a ‘miniature chipolata’. Explaining why she did the interview, Rebekah told the court: ‘I was forced into a situation by my ex-husband to do this. ‘It is something that I deeply regret… It is not nice to read and I understand why this is being used and to me this is mudslinging and I was also threatened with mudslinging by Mrs Rooney’s team.’ Defending his client’s sting operation, Coleen’s barrister said during the trial: ‘It is what she believed at the time… and it is what she believes even more so now that we have got to the end of the case.’ Those who couldn’t get enough of the bombshell reveals will be able to see the Wagatha Christie action unfold on the small screen, as it was recently announced that the drama will be turned into a TV series giving Footballers Wives a run for its money. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wagatha Christie TV series: Our dream casting including who could play Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy MORE : Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney’s Wagatha Christie trial is finally being made into a TV drama 