Robert Irwin is swapping crocodile conservation for presenting the weather as he prepares to take on a new challenge. The Australian zookeeper, 18, who is the son of the late Steve Irwin, will make his debut on Thursday’s episode of Sunrise where he’ll be presenting live from the Australia Zoo. ‘Stoked to be the guest weatherman on @sunriseon7 for the next two days, live from Australia Zoo!’ Robert enthused ahead of his arrival. ‘See you in the morning, Australia!’ Robert is filling in as guest weatherman for Sam Mac for a week while he is on personal leave, and fans are already excited to watch him in action. Taking to social media, one wrote: ‘Who doesn’t love Robert Irwin!! Can’t wait!’ ‘He has the charisma and smile like his dad,’ another raved. Robert couldn’t contain his excitement about his new gig while chatting to Sunrise hosts David ‘Kochie’ Koch and Natalie Barr on Tuesday, and joked ‘Sam Mac, I am coming for ya!’ Robert is the son of the late zookeeper Irwin, who rose to fame for his documentary series The Crocodile Hunter. Irwin died in 2006 after an accidental attack by a stingray and left behind his wife Terri, 57, and children Bindi, 23, and Robert. In February, the kids paid tribute on what would have been Irwin’s 60th birthday. Robert said that every minute spent with his father had been ‘a blessing’. ‘Happy birthday Dad. I love you and I miss you more every single day,’ he wrote. ‘My earliest memories are my fondest, thanks to you. Hanging on to the handlebars of the motorbike, when you’d take Bindi and I on your morning lap of the zoo – before going to get ice cream for breakfast. ‘Every minute with you was a blessing. I’m gonna ride that lap on your old motorbike this afternoon.’ His older sister, who was eight years old when their father died, wrote: ‘Happy Birthday to the greatest dad and Wildlife Warrior. ‘Today I’ll watch The Crocodile Hunter with Grace Warrior and share stories about her incredible Grandpa Crocodile. ‘I love you with all my heart. Your legacy lives on.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 