With the cost of living crisis biting at everyone’s heels at the moment, it’s fair to say we’re all looking for the best deals possible. And if you happen to live in rural Devon, you may be in luck. Because one petrol station is selling what is thought to be the cheapest fuel in Britain – at more than 20p a litre less than the national average. The Shell filling station at Trago Mills, in Newton Abbot, has been selling unleaded petrol for 169.9p a litre compared to the national average of 190.65p, as calculated by the RAC. It means people in the small town are able to fill up for under £100 – which is a bit of a dream as it is a difficult task at the moment. Drivers can save £10 filling up an average 55-litre car fuel tank. The outlet was also selling diesel at 181.9p compared to a national average of 198.42p. The RAC has criticised major outlets like supermarkets for not lowering prices where savings can be made for pinched customers. The RAC said: “We monitor both wholesale and retail fuel prices daily, including those at the UK’s supermarkets – Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury’s and Morrisons – and urge retailers to pass on cost savings to motorists when they can be made.” RAC fuel spokesperson, Simon Williams, said: ‘These are the cheapest fuel prices we’ve seen and are much more in line with what drivers should be being charged given the sharp falls in the wholesale prices of petrol and diesel. ‘We’re aware a major membership-only retailer is also selling both fuels at prices which are much more competitive and frankly much fairer to drivers. ‘The current cost-of-living crisis is being keenly felt by households which depend on their vehicles, and the fact most retailers are still charging far more than they should be given wholesale price falls in recent weeks looks to be pretty inexcusable. ‘We once again call on all major fuel retailers to cut their prices to reflect the lower prices they will have paid to buy the fuel in the first place and support motorists through what is an extremely expensive summer.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.