Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash are officially husband and wife after marrying over the weekend. The couple, who got engaged in December 2020, tied the knot in a private wedding at their Pickle Cottage home on Sunday, according to reports. They chose to walk down the aisle at the £1.2million home they bought in March 2021, before undergoing major renovations. Hours before the wedding, Stacey, 32, had teased her followers with the wedding preparation, showing photos of the furniture being erected in their garden as well as practicing her hair and make-up for the big day. The former X Factor star and ex-EastEnders actor, 40, said their vows in a large marquee adorned with fairy lights. Towie star James Argent reportedly did the honours of serenading the couple and their guests at the reception, where a DJ also entertained the party with classic garage songs. A source told the Mail Online: ‘Stacey and Joe had the best day of their lives. ‘It was exactly everything they had hoped for, the weather was glorious, and they had a joyous day with their children and family.’ They continued: ‘It was also important to Stacey for her day to uphold her strong Jewish values, as well as be a modern and fun day for everyone. ‘They had always wanted their wedding to be just for them, at their home, and keeping their celebrations intimate did not disappoint.’ Guests included former Towie star Ricky Rayment and Stacey’s fellow Loose Women panelist Linda Robson. Their special day was initially postponed due to the pandemic and later after Stacey became pregnant with daughter Rose, as the parents wanted all their kids to be there to see them walk down the aisle. Stacey and Joe share two children – son Rex, two, and daughter Rose, nine months, while the TV presenter is mother to sons Zach and Leighton from previous relationships, and actor Joe father to son Harry, 13, who he shares with a former partner. They met in 2010 when Stacey was crowned ‘Queen of the Jungle’ on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here. Joe, who had won the ITV reality series in 2008, was on presenting duties alongside hosts Ant and Dec. The pair then began working together on the I’m A Celeb ITV2 spin-off later that year and Joe popped the question four years later. Weeks before the wedding, the smitten couple jetted off on their sun-kissed hen and stag do’s with Stacey opting for Mykonos and Joe ringing out his last days of official singledom in Ibiza. Stacey kept her followers updated on the Pickle Cottage transformation into their wedding venue, and revealed the furniture used would be donated to charity after the nuptials. She also explained how they were able to marry at their private residence, telling an Instagram follower during a Q&A: ‘As this is our private family home and we need it to remain that way, we couldn’t go for that option. ‘So we are having a relaxed private blessing in front of our closest friends & family and a ceremony of our love to each other and we will register our marriage legally after.’ MORE : ‘Soon to be Solomon Swash’: Stacey Solomon shares glimpse into wedding with Joe Swash and it looks beautiful MORE : Stacey Solomon goes back to her roots as she reveals gorgeous blonde hair transformation ahead of wedding to Joe Swash 