If you’ve been finding yourself confused by the talk of ‘opening the salon’ among the girls on Love Island to signify getting frisky under the covers… you’re not the only one. Last night, Danica Taylor revealed that she and her partner Billy Brown had taken a trip to the ‘salon’ while in bed together, giggling as she struggled to make an innuendo to explain what they got up to. Since the start of the season, the girls have described ‘manicures’ and other beauty treatments to refer to sexual acts they’ve shared with the boys – rather than saving everyone a headache by just talking straight without any hidden meanings. After last night’s admission from Danica, with Billy informing the boys that she ‘played with his pipette’, Love Island fans have blasted the salon terms, calling them ‘confusing’, ‘dumb’ and ‘so cringe’. ‘Can they stop with these salon references,’ one person pleaded, while another wrote: ‘These salon terms really make me cringe.’ ‘All the innuendos for sexual activities in that villa are so cringe. Wtf is a salon?’ one befuddled viewer wrote, while another referenced how Danica didn’t seem to know either, stating: ‘I have zero idea about the beauty salon terminology… so I am glad Danica hasn’t got a clue either.’ One fan speculated that the girls ‘clearly didn’t think past manicure with this beauty salon metaphor’, implying that they’ve run out of innuendos to use. ‘These salon analogies are too cringe. You’re grown people,’ someone else remarked. The ‘salon talk’ isn’t the first time a secret code has been used to chat about bedroom antics, with the boys famously founding the ‘Do Bits Society’ during the 2018 season. Former islander Chloe Burrows previously opened up about the sex-talk codes, explaining that their reasoning for not speaking candidly about sex was ‘because it’s not PornHub’. ‘I feel like ITV don’t want to promote it [sex], but you [the audience] want to know about it, so it’s a nice way of doing it,’ she told Heat. Last year, the girls used the ‘NVQ levels’ code to exchange pillow talk tales, with ‘graduation’ referring to going all the way. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Domestic violence charity Refuge ‘increasingly concerned’ by ‘misogynistic and abusive behaviours’ on Love Island MORE : Love Island’s Deji Adeniyi makes a beeline for ‘wifey material’ Danica Taylor – and fans are praying they’ll win the whole show 