A British woman has died after falling from a seventh-floor balcony in Turkey. Jenna Smith, 34, had been on holiday for three weeks with a group of friends. But tragedy struck on Sunday when she fell from a balcony at her hotel in Alanya, a coastal city popular with tourists. The Embassy of Turkey confirmed the news to her family and added that further details were being gathered. Jenna’s brothers have flown out to meet with authorities in a bid to find out more information. Tributes have been paid this week to the 34-year-old with a ‘heart of gold’. Family friend Haley Weston, who knew Jenna since they were children, told the Liverpool Echo: ‘Jenna was well loved, bubbly, a really happy girl. ‘She was chatty and had lots of friends. Jenna was popular, she had different friends but always had new friends because she was that outgoing. ‘She was dead loving, she had a heart of gold and would do anything for anyone. Jenna was brought up by her nan and grandad so she cared for them because her mum had passed at a young age.’ Jenna, who worked across various care homes as a carer, had been planning on returning to the UK next week. Her ‘loving nature’ had been a key part of her personality according to friends. A fundraiser for Jenna’s family, who are from the Bootle and Netherton area of Liverpool, has been launched by Hayley. She wrote: ‘I have set this go fund me page up to help a lovely close family who suddenly lost their sister, granddaughter, niece and friend whilst she was enjoying a holiday in Turkey. ‘This will help cover to bring Jenna home and cover cost of funeral. ‘As you can imagine, everyone is absolutely heart-breaking and I wanted to take the pressure from them, not having to worry about cost. ‘If anyone can spare any donations it will be nightly appreciated and I know the will be more than grateful. No family should have to go through this.’ You can donate to the fundraiser here. Two of Jenna’s friends, Ste Pilson and Dean Ashton, are running 20 miles in her memory to also raise cash. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.