Huge swathes of the country could face thunderstorms and heavy rain today. The Met Office has extended its yellow weather warning across parts of England. The warning is now in place today from 12pm to 10pm for London and the South East, the Midlands and the South West of the country. Forecasters have warned of potential flooding and further transport delays. There is also a slight chance that power cuts could take place and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost. Last night, clouds and lightning spread over areas such as Elmley, Kent, as skies darkened. Great Western Railway services between Penzance and St Erth in Cornwall were suspended after lightning hit signals. Forecasters say the rain today will be much heavier than what was experienced overnight in some parts of England. The Met Office said: ‘Where flooding or lightning strikes occur, there is a chance of delays and some cancellations to train and bus services. ‘Spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. ‘There is a slight chance that power cuts could occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost.’ Farmers and wildlife organisations have hailed the coming of rainfall and described being ‘very grateful’ for the change in temperature. The cooler weather follows record breaking heat across the UK. England is bracing for storms just a day of record heat that saw firefighters face their busiest day since the Second World War. Fires in the capital were so bad and so frequent that the London Fire Brigade declared a ‘major incident’. Nine people have died since Saturday in swimming accidents and there has been widespread disruption to train services. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.