The first trailer for the anticipated Black Panther: Wakanda Forever has arrived and teases powerful scenes, including a subtle tribute to the late Chadwick Boseman. Marvel released the first look at the blockbuster sequel, directed by Ryan Coogler, during the third day of San Diego Comic-Con 2022 on Saturday. Spanning just over two minutes long, the trailer takes a poignant tone with the characters appearing to be in mourning over king T’Challa, the titular character played by Boseman, who died in August 2020 aged 43 following a private battle with colon cancer. The clip opens with stirring scenes of Nakia (Nyong’o) looking out onto a beach, while Ramonda (Angela Bassett) is seen sitting on her throne. Interspersed with clips of T’Challa’s sister Shuri (Letitia Wright) are shots of Okoye (Danai Gurira) getting ready for action while flanked by Wakandan warriors. Elsewhere, a woman is seen giving birth underwater while airships make their way through a frozen landscape and a royal chamber erupts into flames. Iron Man’s successor Ironheart (Dominique Thorne) makes her debut while viewers also get a glimpse of new cast member Michaela Coel, before a huge battle between Wakanda fighters and Atlanteans ensues. It’s not clear who replaces Boseman as T’Challa, with Marvel bosses decided not to recast his famous role, but a figure is seen donning the character’s costume. Ramonda later gives an address and says: ‘I am Queen of the most powerful in the world, and my entire family is gone!’ However, perhaps the most powerful moment of the trailer is the mural of Boseman marked on the side of a building as a clear tribute to the beloved late actor. Some of the Wakanda Forever cast were in attendance at Comic-Con this weekend alongside director Coogler, who explained how the production team had ‘put our love for Chadwick into this film’. The filmmaker recalled sitting with Boseman at a previous Comic-Con, saying: ‘Chadwick had these huge hands and he was just squeezing down on my shoulders. I felt his hand the rest of the day. ‘I promise you, I can feel his hand on me right now.’ He continued: ‘Chad’s passion and genius and his culture and the impact he made on this industry will be felt forever. ‘We put our love for Chadwick into this film. ‘We also put our passion. This film has a ton of action and humour. It’s also a roller coaster of a movie. It goes to new places in Wakanda that we’ve never been before but other corners of the MCU.’ Boseman’s co-star Letitia added: ‘It’s a blessing, we’ve grown so much. ‘It’s an honour to bring this movie to you and honour big brother.’ Black Panther: Wakanda Forever hits cinemas on November 11. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Moss recalls ‘running away’ after being asked to remove her bra aged 15 before ‘painful’ modelling experiences MORE : Posh Spice is back! Victoria Beckham gets on the mic to perform Spice Girls hit during karaoke on family holiday 