A smart student gave up living in student accommodation so she could travel the world on her maintenance loan. Living in halls is a university rite of passage for most, but Emily Brodrick, 19, from Surrey, has decided to live at home so she can make her loan stretch further. So far, she has travelled halfway round the globe and has a further two trips planned. The law student doesn’t need to work either to afford all the jetsetting. Emily says: ‘I went travelling to Mexico, Greece and Italy, and I’m now going to Spain next month and Asia next year. ‘It has been made possible with the student loan money, which has been a help, and I also worked before university. ‘I don’t work at the minute as my course is very time consuming, I think it is one of the most time consuming courses. ‘I have just finished my first year studying Law at Royal Holloway University. ‘I decided to stay living at home as my university is only 30 minutes away so there wasn’t much point moving out, so I am able to save money as it is expensive to live out.’ With other friends who live at home without the high rent costs, she’s been able to go abroad and enjoy the shared experience. Often they’ll stay in an Airbnb or hotels, with sight-seeing the main goal. Always wanting to be able to travel, Emily has been able to tick places off her bucket list. Emily says: ‘I currently have so much free time that I won’t have again as I want to be solicitor once I have graduated. ‘I don’t regret using my loan for these trips, especially with pandemic when we couldn’t go anywhere. ‘I now have free time so I might as well go and make the most of it. ‘I do have full intentions of paying back the loan once I am working. ‘You need to make memories as they are what lasts whereas money returns.’ Her family are all for the plan, with her brother also a keen traveller. Emily adds: ‘I definitely think you should travel and go where you can whilst you can as we waste 50% sitting indoors when it’s raining and miserable – so why not just go somewhere sunny? ‘I think I would like to live abroad and get into an international law firm and then travel more for work. ‘I’ve always wanted to travel. I mean why not? I would like to be able to to go as many places as possible.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Seasoned traveller reveals the essential bargains you need for your next trip MORE : Travellers accused of faking injuries to beat Heathrow queues in wheelchairs MORE : These women met their best friends while solo travelling