It’s been a tense couple of days for Jacques O’Neill and Paige Thorne, but it looks like a reconciliation could be on the cards in tonight’s episode of Love Island. Following his ‘wild’ stint in Casa Amor, fans have criticised the rugby player’s behaviour towards Paige after dumped islander Cheyanne Kerr exposed what happened between them while Paige was away. The paramedic, 24, branded Jacques as ‘fake’ and ‘immature’ during Friday’s explosive episode and has kept her distance from Jacques. Although he’s trying his best to give Paige her space, Jacques wrote her a message formed from a piece of kitchen roll with a message etched in lipstick. And the ahem, romantic gestures haven’t stopped there. In scenes set to air on Monday’s instalment, Jacques continues in his pursuit of Paige and reads his essay length apology to her. As Paige and Jacques survived the latest public dumping, Jacques uses the opportunity to tell Paige how he feels. ‘I’ve got something to say to you,’ he says. ‘I was in bed last night and I thought I wanna tell you, because sometimes I get flustered when we’re speaking so I just thought if I put it down for you, you might be able to listen to me.’ Jacques then gets out his phone and reads his message, but how will Paige react? Elsewhere tonight, former Love Island bombshell Adam Collard will be making his 2022 debut – and it’s a twist we’re all still processing. In the clip, shown on Sunday’s Aftersun with Laura Whitmore, Paige is seen getting to know Adam, gushing over how tall he is, before she says in the Beach Hut: ‘He’s so fit. No I’m not going to lie, he is very fit.’ By the pool, Adam tells her: ‘When I’m with someone, I’m 100% with them, I’ve never cheated on any ex-girlfriends or anything like that.’ Could Paige have her head turned for Adam? We’ll have to wait and see. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Women’s Aid issues warning to ITV ahead of divisive islander Adam Collard’s return to Love Island villa MORE : Love Island fans despair for Danica Taylor after yet another heartbreak: ‘Our girl can’t catch a break’ 