A Tory peer has said there should be a vote on whether or not the wider Tory party should accept Boris Johnson’s resignation. Lord Cruddas has launched a ‘bring back Boris’ campaign and says the PM doesn’t want to resign and believes he would win a general election. The peer said he had been inspire by his lobbying and is rooting for it to succeed. Lord Cruddas said the pair discussed the possibility of Mr Johnson staying on when they had lunch at Chequers last Friday. He told The Telegraph: ‘Mr Johnson hopes that there will be a way for him to stay on as prime minister and he believes that the Conservative Party will be making a big mistake if they ignore the wishes of the membership. ‘He definitely does not want to resign. He wants to carry on and he believes that, with the membership behind him, he can.’ But other sources have denied that Mr Johnson supports Lord Cruddas’ campaign because he respects the process of the leadership election. Number 10 said: ‘The prime minister has resigned as party leader and set out his intention to stand down as PM when the new leader is in place.’ More than 10,000 members have reportedly backed Lord Cruddas’ poll with some 2,000 signatures getting added to the petition every day since last week, according to loyalists. The two candidates remaining in the race to head the Tory party, Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak, had their first head-to-head debate last night. Things got heated as they clashed with Ms Truss saying Mr Sunak would ‘crash the economy’. Mr Sunak said his rival’s ‘unconservative and unfunded’ tax cut plans would leave our children and grandchildren saddled with paying off Covid debts. The foreign secretary hit back and accused the former chancellor of overseeing ‘project fear’. Ms Truss was also questioned as the only one between the two of them to campaigned to remain in the EU. She answered: ‘Maybe I’ve learnt from that’. Ms Truss is the heavy favourite to take over in Number 10 on September 6, after around 180,000 Conservative Party members vote on who their next leader should be – and therefore who will become prime minister. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.