Rylan Clark has played down speculation he’s no longer a single man while quizzed on his new ‘romance’ on his Radio 2 show. Last summer, Rylan revealed he had split from his husband Dan Neal in after six years of marriage. The DJ has been open about how difficult he found the breakdown of his relationship with Dan, having moved in with his mum in the aftermath. After initially taking time out of work commitments, he’s bounced back and has just finished penning his new book TEN, which marks a decade in the entertainment industry. However, earlier this month, snaps of him enjoying a night out with rumoured new beau Declan Doyle emerged, with the latter seemingly confirming the romance on GB News. But Rylan has now insisted he is very much ‘still single’ after being quizzed about the supposed new romance on his Radio 2 programme. When asked by co-star Sally Boazman (aka Sally Traffic) about some stories that have recently appeared surrounding the host’s love life, he set the record straight. He told her: ‘Well, I love it how I read in the paper and find things out about myself.’ As she then probed him further on whether he was now back off the market, he told her: ‘I’m single, and looking after myself.’ Rylan addressed the recent pictures of himself, sharing: ‘You know what it’s like when I go out. People hiding in car boots taking photographs, what are you doing? ‘People don’t care what I’m doing, enjoy your Saturday night! Don’t hide in a car boot taking photos of me,’ he told paps. The It Takes Two host added: ’It’s been quite an eventful week,’ before concluding: ‘I’m just looking after me, that’s the main thing.’ Ex On The Beach star Declan, 32, was first rumoured to be dating Rylan, 33, back in April, when they were spotted dining at Roka in Canary Wharf. Declan spilt the beans on their recent dates during an appearance on GB News presenter Mark Dolan’s show. He told the host that the pair met ‘at an event a while ago,’ when quizzed by Mark on their blossoming romance. But the guest soon went on to add: It’s just weird having to talk about it, it’s just been a few dates. It’s really early on, we are enjoying each other’s company, but it is going well.’ Rylan on Saturdays airs every Saturday from 3pm on BBC Radio 2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jacques O’Neill’s family urge Love Island viewers to ‘be kind’ and reveal he has ADHD after fans slam ‘disgusting’ behaviour: ‘This isn’t a get out clause but he struggles with emotions’ MORE : Dame Darcey Bussell makes ‘surreal’ discovery she once lived in the same house as the Queen 