Johnny Depp appeared to be in good spirits as he was spotted in Italy after Amber Heard was denied a new trial in their defamation case. The actor, who’s been enjoying a stint in Europe after joining Jeff Beck on his tour following the trial’s verdict, was seen arriving for a rehearsal at the Umbria Jazz Festival at the Arena Santa Giuliana in Perugia. Seemingly unfazed by the scorching temperatures, Depp, 59, donned a white tee and jeans with a hat and shades. Joined by two companions, the star made his way to rehearsals ahead of his performance with his pal Beck, 78. The pair, who have been touring together, are set to release their album 18 next month. The performance comes days after Heard was denied a new trial in the defamation case. Earlier this month, Heard’s lawyers claimed that the verdict that she had defamed Depp was not supported by evidence, and that the wrong juror had been on the jury during the trial. Last week, Judge Penny Azcarate said the juror issue was irrelevant and that Heard could not show she had been prejudiced. ‘The juror was vetted, sat for the entire jury, deliberated, and reached a verdict,’ she said. ‘The only evidence before this court is that this juror and all jurors followed their oaths, the court’s instructions, and orders. ‘This court is bound by the competent decision of the jury.’ Depp’s lawyers had also hit back at Heard’s request, saying: ‘Following a six-week jury trial, a jury of Ms Heard’s peers rendered a verdict against her in virtually all respects. ‘Though understandably displeased with the outcome of trial, Ms Heard has identified no legitimate basis to set aside in any respect the jury’s decision. ‘Virginia law is clear that a verdict is not to be set aside unless it is “plainly wrong or without evidence to support it.”‘ Their statement continued: ‘Here, the verdict was well-supported by the overwhelming evidence, consistent with the law, and should not be set aside. ‘Mr Depp respectfully submits that the court should deny Ms Heard’s Post-Trial Motions, which verge into the frivolous.’ Last month, the Aquaman star, 36, was found by a unanimous seven-person jury in Fairfax, Virginia, to have defamed her Pirates Of The Caribbean actor ex-husband in a Washington Post article in which she claimed she was a victim of domestic abuse. While Depp wasn’t named in the article, his lawyers argued the piece was defamatory against the actor and the court awarded him $15million (£12m) in compensatory and punitive damages. Heard won one count of her $100m (£83m) countersuit, and was given damages of $2m (£1.6m), meaning she has to pay the 59-year-old $8m (£6.6m). Her lawyers later said that she was not able to pay Depp the $8m and her insurance firm reportedly said it will not pay out for the damages due to Heard comitting ‘wilful defamation’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amber Heard’s appeal over ‘improper jury service’ in Johnny Depp trial rejected MORE : Johnny Depp reaches settlement in City Of Lies assault case after Amber Heard trial 