The wait is almost over for the much-awaited pictures from Nasa’s £7.4 billion-dollar James Webb Space Telescope. The American space agency is set to present the first full-colour images from the revolutionary apparatus designed to peer through the cosmos to the dawn of the universe. On Monday, 10 pm BST, US President Biden will unveil one of the space telescope’s first images of deep space as a preview of what’s ahead. Released one by one, these first images will demonstrate Webb at its full power, ready to begin its mission to ‘unfold the infrared universe’. The unveiling follows a six-month process of remotely unfurling various components of the telescope, aligning its mirrors and calibrating instruments. In January, the telescope reached its final destination a million miles from Earth, a month after it set off on its cosmic journey. With Webb now finely tuned and fully focused, astronomers will embark on a select list of science projects exploring the evolution of galaxies, life cycles of stars, atmospheres of distant exoplanets and the moons of our outer solar system. The first batch of photos, which have taken weeks to process from raw telescope data, are expected to offer a compelling glimpse at what Webb will capture on future science missions. As a preview, Nasa provided an engineering test photo last week, which showed a set of distant stars and galaxies. Last week, Nasa posted a list of the five celestial subjects chosen for its showcase debut of Webb. Among them are two nebulae — enormous clouds of gas and dust blasted into space by stellar explosions that form nurseries for new stars — and two sets of galaxy clusters. Nasa will also present Webb’s first spectrographic analysis of an exoplanet roughly half the mass of Jupiter that lies more than 1,100 light-years away. All five of Webb’s introductory targets were previously known to scientists but Nasa officials promise Webb’s imagery captures its subjects in an entirely new light, literally. ‘What I have seen moved me as a scientist, as an engineer and as a human being,’ Nasa’s deputy administrator Pam Melroy, who has reviewed the images, told reporters during a news briefing in June. Webb is about 100 times more sensitive than its 30-year-old predecessor, the Hubble Space Telescope, which orbits Earth from 547 km away. The telescope’s array of 18 hexagonal segments of gold-coated metal enables it to observe objects at greater distances, thus further back in time, than any other telescope. Its infrared sensitivity allows it to detect light sources that would otherwise be hidden in the visible spectrum by dust and gas enabling it to provide the first glimpse of infant galaxies dating to just 100 million years after the Big Bang. Webb’s instruments also make it ideal to search for signs of potentially life-supporting atmospheres around newly documented planets orbiting distant stars. One unspecified image from Webb’s collection will be unveiled on Monday evening by US President Joe Biden at a White House briefing with Nasa chief Bill Nelson. The rest will be released in a live broadcast and webcast on Tuesday. You can watch the first pictures being unveiled on Nasa’s livestream. MORE : Nasa’s James Webb Telescope to study ‘super-Earth’ covered with oceans of lava MORE : Nasa’s James Webb Space Telescope reaches its final destination