Today, members of the Beyhive around the world are celebrating a new era of Beyoncé Knowles’ music following the release of her new album, Renaissance. However, the debut of the star’s seventh studio album suffered a setback hours before it was revealed to the world, when the record reportedly leaked online. In a moving message sent to fans, Beyoncé has addressed the reported ‘leak’, expressing her gratitude to everyone who still waited until the album’s official release time to listen to her music. In a handwritten note uploaded to Instagram, the 40-year-old wrote: ‘So, the album leaked, and you all actually waited until the proper release time so you all can enjoy it together. I’ve never seen anything like it. ‘I can’t thank y’all enough for your love and protection.’ The singer thanked her fans for their ‘unwavering support’ and for being ‘patient’ as they waited for Renaissance to be unveiled to the world. ‘I appreciate you for calling out anyone that was trying to sneak into the club early. It means the world to me. Thank you for your unwavering support. Thank you for being patient,’ she said. ‘We are going to take our time and Enjoy the music. I will continue to give my all and do my best to bring you joy. I love you Deep.’ It was reported by Variety that Renaissance had leaked online, with people on social media discussing the songs and claiming that some physical CDs were already available on shelves in Europe. Plenty of Beyoncé’s dedicated fans were furious over the incident, with many calling on others not to spread the artist’s music ahead of its official release time. ‘If you’re listening or spreading those leak you’re not a Beyoncé fan end of discussion,’ one wrote angrily. ‘Y’all can’t be Beyoncé fans & leak her stuff,’ another fan said. ‘It’s been 6 yrs & in less than 48 hrs, we’ll ALL have access to the music. ‘Pls don’t ruin it for everyone, especially not Bey who has put 2 yrs of hard work into this new era that we BEGGED for. Where-ever you are in the [world], remember [sic].’ Beyoncé announced her Renaissance album in spectacular fashion, sharing a stunning photo of herself posing nude on a horse as she wrote about the intricate process that went into creating the record, which she dubbed ‘act i’. ‘Creating this album allowed me a place to dream and to find escape during a scary time for the world. It allowed me to feel free and adventurous in a time when little else was moving,’ she wrote on Instagram. ‘My intention was to create a safe place, a place without judgment. A place to be free of perfectionism and overthinking. A place to scream, release, feel freedom. ‘It was a beautiful journey of exploration. I hope you find joy in this music. I hope it inspires you to release the wiggle. Ha! And to feel as unique, strong, and sexy as you are.’ Beyoncé gave a special shout-out to Jay-Z and their children on the eve of Renaissance’s release, writing:  ‘I want to give a special thank you to Rumi, Sir and Blue for allowing me the space, creativity and inspiration. ‘And a special thanks to my beautiful husband and muse, who held me down during those late nights in the studio.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Beyoncé’s style evolution as Renaissance era begins, from matching with Destiny’s Child to glowing at Coachella MORE : Beyonce offers rare shout-out to husband Jay Z and their children on eve of Renaissance album release 