Many watching today’s bloodbath at Prime Minister’s Questions will have noticed some key figures were absent from the front benches. Boris Johnson is quickly losing allies over his handling of the Chris Pincher groping allegations, with more and more ministers handing their resignations. He’d have wanted as much support as possible after admitting he knew of the sexual assault claims when he promoted the disgraced MP to deputy chief whip. So as MPs on both sides of the Commons ripped Johnson to shreds over his latest scandal, viewers saw that Michael Gove and Priti Patel were nowhere to be seen. After losing his chancellor and health secretary in quick succession last night, another resignation of a key cabinet member could be a final nail in the coffin. Speculation has been mounting, but Johnson’s spokesperson said the Prime Minister had spoken to Gove and said he has not resigned. That doesn’t mean the Levelling Up Secretary couldn’t quit later this afternoon, and he has form for double crossing Johnson. His Tory leadership campaign bid in 2016 was seen as damaging to Johnson’s campaign and allowed Theresa May to walk into power. Last month Gove admitted this was a ‘misjudgement’ and said ‘Oh God no’ when asked if he’d run against Johnson again – but things have been moving fast this week. Foreign Secretary Liz Truss was absent today, but she’s flying to Indonesia for the G20 foreign ministers meeting in Bali. Also missing from the front benches was Home Secretary Priti Patel – another potential contender. It isn’t clear where she was at the time and there was no mention of the PM’s current political battle on her Twitter. Patel was the last member of the Cabinet to confirm her support for Johnson on Monday, when Johnson first admitted to knowing about the Chris Pincher allegations. The government line has shifted a bit over the past few days, with No 10 initially saying the PM wasn’t aware of any allegations when he promoted Pincher in February. Then on Monday, a spokesman said Johnson knew of sexual misconduct allegations that were ‘either resolved or did not progress to a formal complaint’. But then former top senior civil servant Simon McDonald threw a curve ball the following day by saying the PM’s office wasn’t telling the truth. In a letter to the parliamentary commissioner for standards, he said he received complaints about Pincher’s behaviour in the summer of 2019. A group of Foreign Office officials had complained and an investigation had upheld the complaint, and that Pincher apologised and promised not to repeat such behaviour. Former chief diplomat McDonald said this contradicted Johnson’s account that he was unaware of the allegations or that they were informal and had been dismissed. He wrote: ‘The original No. 10 line is not true, and the modification is still not accurate. Mr Johnson was briefed in person about the initiation and outcome of the investigation.’ In June the Home Secretary told Tory MPs pushing for Johnson to resign over lockdown-busting parties held in Downing Street to ‘forget it’. But if she decides the Prime Minister has no hope of surviving his freshest scandl, she may end up changing her tune. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.