Ranvir Singh was flanked by her favourite boys at the races this weekend with the TV presenter attending with her boyfriend and son. The Good Morning Britain presenter was among the stars who flocked to the QIPCO King George Diamond Day at Ascot Racecourse on Saturday afternoon. She was joined by TV producer boyfriend Louis Church and son Tushaan making for quite the cosy family day out. Ranvir, 44, stole the show in a sophisticated white dress teamed with court heels and a large navy hat, while Louis, 26, kept it dapper and cool in a blue suit, shirt and tie with a pair of sunglasses to complete his suave look. Standing in the middle was Tushaan, 12, who looked equally smart in a grey checked suit, shirt and tie similar to Louis’ get-up. It appears Ranvir is happy to be more open with her and Louis’ relationship as she shared a sweet selfie of them posing together at the races with love hearts. Alongside a photo of her half-empty champagne glass, she added in her Instagram story: ‘Heading into the final race of the day and feeling lighter, brighter and very happy!’ Ranvir and Louis’ romance was first revealed in December 2021 followed by the journalist confirming the news, telling The Sun at the time: ‘I’m really happy.’ The TV presenter was spotted out with Louis for the first time when they attended Capital’s Jingle Bell Ball with Barclaycard at London’s O2 Arena along with her son Tushaan that month. A source told the publication: ‘Ranvir and Louis have been dating for a few months and are totally in love. ‘She has met his family and went to his aunt’s wedding with him last week. And it’s obvious Louis has taken a real shine to Tushaan.’ The insider continued: ‘They both are clearly madly in love and were holding hands nearly all day. They have incredible chemistry. ‘Ranvir was beaming with happiness as she watched Louis and Tushaan together. Louis couldn’t stop smiling either and he looked really proud as Ranvir posed for pictures with fans.’ ‘They seemed like a really happy family unit. It’s so great to see Ranvir so happy again,’ they added. The pair are said to have met on Strictly Come Dancing in 2020, with Ranvir competing as a contestant and Louis working behind the scenes. Ranvir was previously married to Ranjeet Singh Dehal, Tushaan’s father, who she revealed she had split from in 2020. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James’ podcast co-host pays tribute at awards after campaigner’s death aged 40: ‘This feels surreal’ MORE : Kate Moss felt she ‘had to say that truth’ in defence of Johnny Depp at Amber Heard defamation trial 