Alexa Bliss has revealed WWE fans weren’t alone in they joy when Liv Morgan won the Money In the Bank briefcase before cashing in to capture the SmackDown Women’s Title on the very same night. Seeing the lifelong wrestling fan finally achieve her dream was a heartwarming moment for fans around the world – including those in attendance in Las Vegas earlier this month – and the five-time women’s champ has opened up on the reaction behind the scenes. She exclusively told Metro.co.uk: ‘She deserves it, she deserves to be in the spot she is now. She has trained and worked her butt of and is very passionate and loves what she does. So, this is her time!’ Bliss – who has opened up about her desire to work with Bray Wyatt again – insisted any other result that night would have seen fans react very differently, and could have even hurt the way the match as a whole was received. ‘If it was anyone else, I don’t think the match would have perceived as well. We wanted to see Liv win, and the crowd wanted to see Liv win. She’s the choice,’ she smiled. ‘She’s worked so hard and she deserves that win. She picked her moment, she capitalised, she pushed Becky off the ladder, there you go! Very happy for her!’ There was some backlash after the match aimed at SmackDown star Shotzi, who quit Twitter after being heavily criticised by trolls over a couple of mishaps during the Ladder Match. One of those moments involved Bliss, but she insisted there was no harm done, and everyone out there ‘had fun’ in the ring. ‘Everyone felt good, we’re all safe – which is what’s important,’ she said. ‘It was a chaotic day from start to finish. We all got through it, we all had fun. We were all really happy for Liv – it’s her time, it’s long overdue.’ In a previous statement before leaving Twitter, Shotzi had insisted she has three goals for every match, and she ticked all those boxes during the Money In The Bank bout on Saturday night. She said: ‘There are 3 things I care about at the end of a match. Is everyone safe? Did everyone have fun? Did the crowd react? ‘Nobody got hurt. We all had a blast and the Vegas crowd was HotHotHot! I felt on top of the world after that match and was so excited to finally have my first hardcore match in over a year. ‘I wouldn’t have done anything I didn’t practice or thought I couldn’t do safely. But I’m not a wrestle robot, I’m human and slips happen especially in a CHAOTIC UNPREDICTABLE ladder match!’ WWE Raw airs Monday nights at 1am on BT Sport 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE’s Alexa Bliss would love Bray Wyatt reunion as she reveals his advice before shock exit MORE : Shotzi reassures WWE fans after Twitter exit amid ‘toughest year’ of her life: ‘I swear I’m fine’ 