Boris Johnson is hanging on by a thread after the resignation of over 30 ministers and aides in less than 24 hours. The slow motion collapse of the government continued today following the sensational departures of cabinet ministers Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid last night. The senior figures and potential leadership contenders have been followed out the door by 14 junior ministers, including five who resigned in one fell swoop. Kemi Badenoch, Neil O’Brien, Alex Burghart, Lee Rowley and Julia Lopez signed a joint letter saying they no longer had faith in the prime minister and calling for him to resign. Employment minister Mims Davies, safeguarding minister Rachel Maclean and equalities minister Mike Freer announced their departures shortly after. The collapse of the government began when the PM finally admitted he knew about sexual misconduct claims levelled against Tory MP Chris Pincher when he gave him a senior role in government in February. Mr Johnson has vowed to battle on but there is a very real possibility his administration could be over within days. A number of Boris Johnson’s own cabinet ministers are reportedly set to gather to tell the prime minister his time is up in what could be the final blow to his premiership. The group is believed to include his brand new Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, who replaced Rishi Sunak in the top role hours ago. New education Secretary Michelle Donelan is also involved, as well as the chief whip and Transport Secretary Grant Shapps and Home Secretary Priti Patel, according to the BBC and Sky News. It is understand they will deliver the ‘final ultimatum’ to Mr Johnson, saying ‘you go or we do’. A separate plot to oust Mr Johnson from rebel backbenchers also gathered momentum on Wednesday evening. Elections to the Tory backbench 1922 Committee Executive will take place on Monday, paving the way for a rule change that could allow a second vote of no confidence (VONC). Mr Johnson narrowly survived one of these last month, and under current party rules, will not have to face another until next July. But according to the Mirror’s Mikey Smith, a source close to the PM has said he could stay on even if he looses a confidence vote – citing his 14million mandate from the public after his landslide general election win in 2019. Amid fervent speculation about his future, Mr Johnson  was hauled before the Liaison Committee where he was confronted with one of his own past quotes about leaders who cling to power long after they have lost all authority. Labour MP Darren Jones said: ‘When a regime has been in power for too long, when it has fatally exhausted the patience of the people, and when oblivion finally beckons – I am afraid that across the world you can rely on the leaders of that regime to act solely in the interests of self-preservation and not in the interests of the electorate. ‘Who authored that quote?’ Mr Johnson joked: ‘You’re trying me. Was it Cicero? Was it Aristotle? Perhaps it was Plato? Montesquieu?’ Mr Jones intervened: ‘Just to break it to you, it was you prime minister. Perhaps it was foresight.’ However, Mr Johnson has insisted it would ‘not be responsible’ to resign because of the huge majority he won at the last election and the ongoing cost of living crisis and war in Ukraine. He also rejected calls for a snap election, saying he does not foresee another one happening until 2024. The controversy over Chris Pincher inevitably dominated proceedings. At one stage, Mr Johnson failed to deny whether he said ‘all the sex pests are supporting me’ and ‘Pincher by name, Pincher by nature’. Mr Pincher quit as deputy chief whip last week after allegedly assaulting two men while drunk at London’s Carlton Club. No 10 initially said the prime minister had no prior knowledge about concerns around his behaviour – but a former civil servant cast doubt on that line in a bombshell statement saying the PM was informed about an investigation into Mr Pincher in 2019. The government later admitted Boris Johnson was told in person about the allegations – but claimed that he forgot about them. The row was the last straw for many of the prime minister’s allies who stood by him during partygate and various other sleaze scandals. Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer compared the exodus to ‘rats fleeing a sinking ship’ and said ministers who have remained loyal are ‘only in office because no one else is willing to debase themselves any further’. Sajid Javid also launched a scathing attack, saying in a resignation statement he is not a quitter but ‘enough is enough’. Mr Javid told the House of Commons: ‘Treading the tightrope between loyalty and integrity has become impossible in recent months. ‘I will never risk losing my integrity.’ He said ‘the problem starts at the top and I believe that is not going to change’. And in apparent message to cabinet members who have stayed, Mr Javid said ‘not doing something is an active decision’. The prime minister propped up his government last night by drafting in Nadhim Zahawi to run the Treasury and Steve Barclay to take over the Department of Health. Chippenham MP Michelle Donelan has been appointed as Education Secretary, which was held by Zahawi before his promotion. But the Cabinet reshuffle has not persuaded Mr Johnson’s critics to hold fire. Will Quince, Robin Walker, John Glen, Victoria Atkins, Jo Churchill, Stuart Andrew were the first six ministers to quit this morning before another wave this afternoon. In their resignation letters: – Laura Trott, Felicity Buchan, Selaine Saxby, Claire Coutinho, David Johnston and Craig Williams have also resigned as ministerial aides. Senior MPs on the backbenches are also turning on the PM. Education Select Committee chairman Rob Halfon said he would back a change in leadership, criticising not only a ‘real loss of integrity’ but also ‘a failure of policy’. Transport Select Committee chairman Huw Merriman told the BBC Mr Johnson should resign if he has ‘any dignity left’. Former Cabinet ministers Robert Jenrick and Liam Fox withdrew their support. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.