Boris Johnson is braced for more senior figures to quit as the slow motion collapse of his government enters a third day. Northern Ireland secretary Brandon Lewis became the fourth cabinet minister to resign this morning, with other ministers following suit. He warned the prime minister he has ‘passed the point of no return’ and called on him to leave Downing Street. Allies of Mr Johnson say he is determined to fight on but today looks set to be another in which his authority crumbles away. The number of ministers and other senior figures who have quit and called on the PM to do the same has hit 50. Mr Lewis wrote on Twitter: ‘A decent and responsible government relies on honesty, integrity and mutual respect – it is a matter of profound personal regret that I must leave government as I no longer believe those values are being upheld.’ It was reported last night he had privately urged Mr Johnson to quit in private but reports of his resignation were denied by his team. According to the BBC, Mr Lewis was heckled during a flight from Belfast to London last night by a passenger who viewed his continued presence in the cabinet as support for the PM. He joins health secretary Sajid Javid, chancellor Rishi Sunak and Welsh secretary Simon Hart in quitting the cabinet. Mr Lewis was joined by Helen Whately, who resigned as a junior Treasury minister this morning, and pensions minister Guy Opperman, who told Mr Johnson ‘government simply can not function with you in charge’. Tech minister Chris Philp, courts ministers James Cartlidge and security minister Damian Hinds have also quit, the latter accusing the PM of presiding over a ‘serious erosion’ in ‘faith in our democracy’. George Freeman, the science minister, resigned, saying: ‘The chaos in No10, the breakdown of Cabinet collective responsibility, the abandonment of the Ministerial code, the defence of impropriety & defiance of Parliament are all insults to the Conservatism I believe in and stand for.’ Mr Johnson faces the prospect of another confidence vote, orchestrated by the Tory 1922 Committee of backbench MPs. A new executive for the committee will be elected next Monday and could change the leadership rules, allowing for another confidence vote just a month after the last one. That could pave the way for rebel MPs to call another poll on Tuesday, which looks increasingly likely to produce a vote which would oust the PM. Levelling Up secretary was sacked last night after privately telling Mr Johnson there is no way for him to continue. Suella Braverman is likely to be next cabinet minister to get the boot after publicly telling the PM to resign without quitting herself. The attorney general confirmed she intends to stand in any future leadership contest during a television appearance last night. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.