Love Island star Coco Lodge has revealed she has unresolved drama with Paige Thorne, claming she found out the paramedic didn’t like her ‘vibes’. Coco, 27, was booted out of the villa last week after her partner Andrew Le Page, 27, recoupled with Tasha Ghouri when she returned from Casa Amor. But it seems that it wasn’t just romantic relationships in the ITV2 programme that were tense for the graphic designer from Surrey. Taking to TikTok, Coco opened up about ‘issues’ with current islander Paige, 24, who is dating Adam Collard. Coco said she wasn’t aware of any problems with the Welsh contestant until after she was axed. ‘She had some sort of issue with me, or whatever, where she told someone she didn’t like my vibe. I’ve actually only just found this out,’ she told her followers. Coco also claimed Paige had ‘got annoyed’ when someone drew a comparison between their appearances, saying: ‘She didn’t want to look like me.’ She went on: ‘Then obviously [Paige] told Gemma [Owen] giggling that I was a four out of 10 and she was a 12, which isn’t nice or kind behaviour.’ Coco has previously spoken about the cruel and sexist rankings on the Murad Merali podcast, claiming it took place off camera and was discussed among the boys. Revealing she tried ‘really, really hard’ to try and form a bond with Paige, Coco says: ‘And [for Paige] to then go and tell one of my best friends Summer [Botwe] that she just doesn’t like my vibes, when I didn’t do anything but actually try really hard with her because she was the least welcoming to all of us. ‘I never got with Jacques or anything; I just didn’t understand her issue with me. Was it because I was another brunette? I don’t know.’ Coco has been outspoken since leaving the villa, admitting she was left ‘lonely and bored’ being single in Majorca. ‘I think kind of how it can be quite boring, the days can be so long. It doesn’t get dark until 9 or 10pm so the days are so long, and it really does drag,’ she added. ‘And if you’re not in a couple it can be quite lonely. I thought it would still be super fun even if you’re single in there, but it can be quite lonely if you’re not in a couple.’ Love Island is now in its final stretch, with the highly-anticipated last episode confirmed to run on Monday, August 1. Just five couples remain now: Andrew and Tasha, Adam and Paige, Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack, Luca Bish and Gemma Owen, Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. Love Island continues tomorrow on ITV2 at 9PM. MORE : Love Island fans spot Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu ‘getting freaky’ under the covers after baby challenge MORE : Love Island viewers slam ‘dry’ episode after ‘boring’ baby challenge: ‘No way are they doing pass the parcel on TV’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 