Prince George stole the world’s attention during one of the biggest tennis games of year. The young prince joined his parents in the Royal Box at Wimbledon yesterday to watch Novak Djokovic beat Nick Kyrgios on Centre Court in the Men’s Singles final. After his historic win, the Serbian athlete went to shake hands with Prince William and his son, who was adorably decked out in a navy suit. George was seen giving Djokovic a big thumbs up when they met before the player handed him the famous pineapple trophy. The eight-year-old had a look through the names inscribed on the trophy, with Djokovic’s being the latest edition. Once George had satisfied his curiosity, he hilariously declared: ‘It’s a bit heavy.’ Then he handed the trophy to his mum who was standing next to him. It comes after George made headlines for the way he looked at Nick Kyrgios while the player swore and ranted. Kyrgios, who is competing in his first ever Wimbledon final, lost his cool during the fifth game of the third set when a woman could be heard heckling him. But George – clearly being raised to be a proper English gentleman – looked disdainfully at the finalist during his tirade. Kyrgios turned to the umpire and said: ‘Distracting me when I’m serving in a Wimbledon final? There’s no bigger occasion. ‘You didn’t believe me [the first time] and now it’s happened again. It almost cost me the game. Why is she still here? ‘She’s drunk out of her mind in the first row speaking to me in the middle of a game. How is that acceptable? ‘Kick her out. I know exactly who it is. It’s the one with the dress… the one who looks like she has had about 700 drinks bro.’ The little boy, who is also the future king, was a bit too coy to answer who he was supporting at the game. But his dad stepped in and told everyone it was Djokovic. He then joked and said: ‘We’ll see how long it lasts. He’ll support the winner.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.