Kate Bush is estimated to have raked in $2.3million (£1.9m) in streaming royalties from her 1985 single Running Up That Hill since it was included in the fourth season of Stranger Things. The resurgence of popularity for the lead single from Kate’s fifth album Hounds of Love after it was featured in the Millie Bobby Brown starring series has resulted in the massive pay out for the art pop singer, according to CBS and music data site Luminate. Legions of new fans heard the song written nearly 40 years ago for the first time when it was featured heavily in the fourth episode of Stranger Things 4. Titled Dear Billy, the episode sees Max (Sadie Sink) face Vecna in a sinister trance, with Steve Harrington, (Joe Keery) Lucas Sinclair (Caleb McLaughlin) and Dustin Henderson (Gaten Matarazzo) desperately trying to wake her up. After Dustin calls Robin Buckley (Maya Hawke) for help, she tells Dustin to play Max’s favourite song to help snap her out of the nightmare. Since the season was made available on Netflix in May, Running Up That Hill has broken three Guinness Book of World Records for the UK’s official single charts: the longest gap between number one spot; the longest time for a track to hit number and the oldest female artist to get a number one. Cher previously held the record for being the oldest female artist to reach number one when Believe topped the charts in 1998 when she was 52, but the star graciously congratulated Kate on Twitter. Cher tweeted: ‘Bravo Kate. Records Are Meant 2 Be Broken. ‘Remember Back In The Day,When Women Had SHORT SELL BY DATES. We Had 2 Fight Our Way Through The Testosterone Curtain, & We Did it So The Girls Who Came After Us Could Sing As Long As They Want To. With Mega Respect, Me.’ As well as smashing records, Running Up That Hill has recently topped the charts in Australia, Belgium, Ireland, Lithuania, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland and the UK, where the song is currently entering its third week at number one. Kate penned a blog on her website saying, ‘she couldn’t believe’ Running Up That Hill was still the bestselling single in the UK. The 63-year-old added: ‘We’re all so excited! In fact it’s all starting to feel a bit surreal. ‘I feel deeply honoured that the song was chosen to become a part of their roller coaster journey. ‘We hope you understand that we want to honour the energy that’s being generated by the audiences right now. An energy that feels very special, unique and quite frankly, bl***y moving.’ Stranger Things creators the Duffer Brothers have confirmed that there will be a fifth chapter of the sci-fi series, although a release date and plot details are still being kept under wraps. Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 