Dumped islander Paige Thorne has addressed those rumours circulating about her very close friendship with Dami Hope. Paige was booted from the villa tonight with Adam Collard, while Dami and Indiyah Polack were the only islanders to not be voted as one of the ‘least compatible’. Over the last few weeks, viewers have been watching the relationship between the Welsh paramedic and Irish microbiologist, with many noting that they seem to be closer than just friends. When asked about her ‘close’ friendship with Dami during Aftersun with Laura Whitmore, Paige replied: ‘Oh my god? Could you imagine?! Not at all!’ She repeated: ‘Not at all! This boy in Casa… no!’ ‘We can stay friends… I love him! But no!’ Paige had been referring to Dami’s notorious three-way kiss during Casa Amor, as well as not staying loyal to Indiyah. Viewers had been noticing Paige and Dami’s friendship over the last few weeks, especially when she proposed to him during the Snog, Marry, Pie game. ‘I chose to marry Dami because he’s my absolute best friend and we just have the best time together,’ she explained, shortly before Dami labelled it ‘the happiest moment of the game’ for him. When Paige returned from Casa Amor and was made aware of Jacques’ antics while she was away, she turned to her ‘best friend’ Dami for comfort, while other viewers have noticed the pair share pretty close hugs before bed. Elsewhere, it was actually Paige who got Dami’s heart rate going the most during the infamous dance challenge, where Paige channelled her inner Pamela Anderson. But she’s now confirmed that nothing is going on, and she’s actually rooting for Damiyah to win! She shared in her exit chats: ‘There is a fair chance for them all to win but I’m rooting for Damiyah. Honestly they are both such genuine, down to earth people with such hearts of gold. They are so good together. They bounce off each other so well.’ Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paige Thorne and Adam Collard dumped from Love Island narrowly missing out on final MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne shocked as mum admits she’s ‘not buying it’ with Adam Collard: ‘The way you were with Jacques was different’