What price would you pay to never have to vacuum and mop your floors again? Whatever the figure you’ve conjured in your mind, it’s likely more than the price of this handy gadget that does all the hard work for you. The Ecovacs DEEBOT N8 is robot vacuum cleaner and mop in one, using an innovative electronic water pump and reservoir to do both jobs at the same time. It’s packed with features to make sparkling floors effortless, including an app that allows you to control the device from wherever you are. You can even use your smart speaker to tell your DEEBOT to get to work. TrueMapping technology, which works our the layout of your home up to four times faster than standard laser mapping, detect objects down to the 2mm and can be customised for your needs. There’s no need to worry about your carpet getting soaked, either, as the Ecovacs device has carpet detection to automatically react to the surface underneath. Choose from a variety of settings – including the new Max+ Mode with upgraded 2300Pa suction power – and use the app to draw out areas that need some extra attention. When the job is finished, or the robot has run out of battery (a full charge should give you 110 minutes of use) it’ll automatically returns to its docking station. With over 500,000 happy customers, 98% of those who bought an Ecovacs robot vacuum said they’d recommend it to their family or friends. The DEEBOT has an average rating of 4.6 on Amazon, with reviewers singing its praises. One person wrote: ‘Absolutely outstanding!! We have two young kids, a cat, and a dog, so this saves us loads of time and picks up everything way better than I could have wished for. Impressive is an understatement!’ ‘If this thing had a button for “do the washing up” I would happily marry it,’ said another, adding, ‘All in all I think it’s one of the best gadgets I’ve bought in a very long time.’ Not only that, but it’s currently on sale as part of Amazon’s Prime Day sale. Previously priced at £499.98, you can currently get your hands on it for just £219 – that’s a whopping discount of 56%. The offer only lasts until midnight tonight, so you’ll need to be quick to make the most of this hefty price drop. For those who aren’t fans of elbow grease and heavy cleaning equipment, it’s a deal you won’t want to miss. Buy the Ecovacs DEEBOT N8 Robot Vacuum Cleaner with Mop for £219 at Amazon now. Shopping: This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Amazon Prime Day 2022: Best noise cancelling, in-ear, sports headphones deals for Bose, Anker, Sony MORE : How to cope with a heatwave wedding