Dermot O’Leary actually thinks cancel culture is being taken to a ‘whole new level’ after hearing that the famous Harry Potter game Quidditch is being renamed to ‘Quadball’. The real-life Quidditch leagues have officially changed the sport’s name to distance themselves from the Harry Potter author, JK Rowling after her views on trans people. Rowling invented the fictional sport as part of her best-selling book series Harry Potter, however, the US Quidditch and Major League Quidditch have decided to rename the popular sport to Quadball due to copyright issues and Rowling’s ‘anti-trans positions’. Rowling has denied being transphobic despite the allegations from cast and fans. Hearing about the new change, Dermot and his This Morning co-host Alison Hammond seemed genuinely confused, as he said: ‘That is the strangest… What is going on?!’ ‘This is all mainly because they want to disassociate with Harry Potter author JK Rowling after she’s been accused of being transphobic,’ Alison explained, before seeming confused at how ‘violent’ the game seemed. This Morning guest Tom Swarbrick to defend Rowling, saying: ‘People who like to indulge themselves in all kinds of fantasies, continue to indulge themselves in fantasies, not least they’re playing a made up game but they’re disassocating themselves from the creator of this made up game on the basis of their belief that she’s wrong that you can’t change your biological sex.’ Dermot replied: ‘I think we’re taking cancelling to a whole different level! ‘Canceling a game that doesn’t exist! It’s a game for wizards!’ He then joked that the new name, Quadball, sounded American, saying: ‘It’s the most American name!’ ‘Also, it’s the most American idea, like if they are going to sit around, they’ve settled on the most American name!’ imitating an American accent saying ‘Quadball.’ This Morning guest Sonia Soda meanwhile defended Rowling, saying: ‘I think Rowling has been treated terribly, both by the actors in the franchise and by Warner Bros who didn’t include her in the reunion. ‘There’s a lot of allegations swirling around Rowling but it’s very hard to get anyone to say what she’s said that’s transphobic. I don’t think she’s said anything transphobic.’ In a lengthy statement the Quidditch league wrote on Tuesday: ‘[The new name] opens unprecedented opportunities for growth, exposure and partnerships. It is a game changer and we are looking to make the most of it.’  Rowling has sold more than 500million copies of the seven-book series since it was first published and is thought to be the world’s richest living author with a reported net worth of $1billion. She first came under fire for her trans views back in June 2020, as she opposed the idea that menstruation should be regarded as gender neutral. Rowling tweeted: ‘”People who menstruate”. I’m sure there used to be a word for those people. Someone help me out. Wumben? Wimpund? Woomud?’ sparking backlash from fans, members of the Harry Potter cast, and highlighting a debate on cancel culture. The best-selling author later explained her earlier comments, saying: ‘At the same time, my life has been shaped by being female. I do not believe it’s hateful to say so.’ She has previously added that she respects ‘every trans person’s rights to live any way that feels authentic and comfortable to them’. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Good Morning Britain presenters send Kate Garraway love as she takes break after husband Derek Draper hospitalised MORE : ‘Look how fit you look!’ Alison Hammond goes absolutely wild for Dermot O’Leary’s ‘bald head’ and totally  fair tbh 