Lewis Hamilton has labelled Formula 1’s We Race As One initiative, that was set up to promote diversity and inclusion, and combat discrimination, as ‘just words.’ This comes after widespread reports of racism, homophobia, and misogyny from fans at last weekend’s Austrian Grand Prix. On Sunday morning, F1 released a statement saying: ‘This kind of behaviour is unacceptable and will not be tolerated. ‘We take these matters very seriously, have raised them with the promoter and event security, and will be speaking to those who reported the incidents.’ However, Hamilton, who said he was ‘disgusted and disappointed’ by the reports, believes that it has long been time that the sport takes real action on these issues. ‘We definitely need to utilise our platforms, but we really have to step up and actually really start actioning some of the things we are saying,’ the Mercedes driver said in the post-race press conference after he finished third at the Red Bull Ring. ‘We Race As One was all good and well, but it was just words. It didn’t actually do anything. ‘There was no funding towards anything, no programme to actually create change and spark that conversation. Just saying “it’s unacceptable” is not enough. ‘It goes back to some of the messaging we talked about in terms of the stuff we also need to do here within the sport, which is commit more to diversity and inclusion within our industry, because that then reflects the direction we are going in and it also often reflects what our fanbase looks like. It’s time for action.’ The We Race As One initiative was set up in 2020, and in the words of F1 is ‘aimed at tackling the biggest issues facing our sport and global communities’ by focusing on ‘three key pillars: Sustainability, Diversity and inclusion, and Community.’ Prior to every race over the last two seasons, a pre-recorded message from all the drivers to promote the initiative was broadcast but this was controversially stopped ahead of 2022. Drivers and teams up and down the grid have released statements of their own regarding what happened in Austria, with Sebastian Vettel even calling for lifetime bans for offenders. ‘I think it is good that this stuff comes out, that’s the start, but it is horrible,’ the Aston Martin driver and four-time world champion said. ‘Whoever these people are, they should be ashamed of themselves, and they should be banned from racing events for their lives. I think there should be zero tolerance. ‘If people have a good time and drink too much that’s OK, but it doesn’t justify or excuse wrong behaviour. We race as one, so the fans are a part of that.’ MORE : Charles Leclerc’s joy at winning in Austria will be tempered by Ferrari’s continuing reliability problems MORE : New footage shows Nelson Piquet used racist and homophobic language against Lewis Hamilton For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 