Chelsea and Napoli have agreed a deal for Kalidou Koulibaly and the defender will fly to the USA on Wednesday evening to join the club’s pre-season tour, according to reports. The Blues were closing in on a £33.8million swoop on Tuesday evening and have now come to a complete agreement with Napoli, with an official announcement expected by the end of the week at the latest. According to Sky Sport Italia’s Gianluca Di Marzio, ‘contracts have been exchanged’ between all parties and Koulibaly was initially expected to undergo his medical in London after jetting out of Milan. But The Telegraph say the 31-year-old will only stop briefly in London before heading to the United States and will undergo a medical there instead before immediately linking up with his new team-mates on their pre-season tour. Koulibaly – who has already touched down in London – will have his medical tests on Thursday in Los Angeles before putting pen to paper on a long-term contract. Initial reports had suggested Koulibaly would receive a three-year deal with the option for a fourth, but Italian sources claim he will actually sign a five-year deal. The Senegal international only had one year left on his previous contract with Napoli and will now take home around £160,000-a-week at Stamford Bridge. Chelsea will pay €38m (£32.1m) – which will be paid in two instalments – in addition to a further €2m (£1.7m) in bonuses. The decision to hand Koulibaly a long-term deal marks a huge departure from the Roman Abramovich era, where players over the age of 30 were only given short-term contracts. But manager Thomas Tuchel has been desperate to add an experienced defender to his backline after losing Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen and new co-owner Todd Boehly has backed his manager. Napoli are already thinking about life after Koulibaly and have two targets lined up as potential replacements. The first is South Korean centre-back Kim Min-Jae, who currently plays for Fenerbahce, and the other option is Lazio defender Francesco Acerbi. Napoli’s official radio station Radio Kiss Kiss, meanwhile, claim club president Aurelio De Laurentiis is ‘furious’ with Koulibaly and his agent over the transfer, having expected the defender to sign an extension only for him to reject it – forcing Napoli to sell. Koulibaly may not be the only new centre-back to move to Stamford Bridge this summer, with Tuchel also keen to bring in Nathan Ake from Manchester City as well as PSG’s Presnel Kimpembe. MORE : Kalidou Koulibaly accepts mammoth Chelsea contract offer and speaks out on transfer MORE : Napoli manager gives Kalidou Koulibaly his blessing to join Chelsea in £33.8million move For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 