Vladimir Putin has been enlisting convicted murderers and ex-military spies to bolster his forces on the battlefield in Ukraine, it has been reported. Hundreds of prisoners are said to have been drafted in to make up the numbers, with many agreeing to sign up in exchange for a pardon. Among those recruited are believed to be jailed former GRU military intelligence agents and other special forces personnel with military experience. The Russian president is also thought to have cleared the way for inmates convicted of heinous crimes, such as murder, who had previously been rejected. The recruitment drive has been ramped up in the wake of huge losses and a shortage of troops ready to fight despite Russia’s million-strong army. The FSB security service – once headed by Mr Putin – is also reported to be involved. Selected inmates are given two weeks training before being flown to the warzone and placed in ‘assault groups’ on the frontline. ‘Some were chosen by penal colony chiefs. They were taken off prison camp jobs against their wishes, and “invited” to have a chat,’ a source told news outlet SOTA. ‘These were former participants of war service, or those with reasonably senior military ranks ‘Others were just told by a duty officer: “whoever wants to go to war, go put your name forward”.’ Recruitment has taken place in the town of Bor, in Nizhny Novgorod, where some 300 inmates want to join, it is claimed. ‘They explain it by their desire to have an amnesty and live normally after coming back, for the sake of their families and their children,’ a relative said. At least one convicted murderer is known to have been sent to the frontline in Donbas, and was promised their criminal recordbe wiped after after six months service. Those who decide to fight with the Russian army are promised almost £3,000 payment, with their family receiving  £64,000 if they die. Recruitment is also underway in jails in St Petersburg, named Yablonevka, Obukhovo, and Fornosovo. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.