Legendary mystic Baba Vanga made terrifying predictions for 2022 – and some are already coming true. Known as the Nostradamus of the Balkans, the blind Bulgarian psychic is believed to have correctly predicted New York’s 9/11 attacks, the death of Princess Diana and the Chernobyl disaster in Ukraine. Although she passed away some 25 years ago, many religiously believe her words. And her prophecies for this year are no less impactful. Baba Vanga warned that cities will be hit by water shortages, resulting in political consequences, with countries forced to find alternative solutions. Her dark prophecy comes as residents in Kent were issued a water warning for ‘essential use only’ amid the heatwave. With temperatures in large parts of Europe nearing 50°C, climate change activists have also been making similar stark warning, which have been playing across the continent, amid raging wildfires. Baba Vanga also claimed several Asian countries and Australia will be hit with ‘intense bouts of floods’, and earthquakes and tsunamis rocking the area, the Mirror reported. Elsewhere, the mystic predicted famine in India due to a temperature drop. The prophet also envisaged another pandemic , this time discovered in Siberia, caused by a frozen virus that will be released by climate change. Perhaps her most believable prediction for 2022 is a virtual reality takeover with people spending more time than ever in front of screens. Many people believe Baba Vanga’s prophecies continue to come true. Before her death in 1996, hundreds of people travelled from as far away as Japan to her remote village in the Kozhuh mountains in Bulgaria to meet with her. After the Second World War, various eastern European and Soviet leaders sought Baba Vanga’s advice, believing her to be an oracle. Soviet Union leader Leonid Brezhnev is said to have consulted her at least once until his death in 1982. But before panicking about what the rest of 2022 will bring, it is important to say that not all her predictions have come true. Studies suggest her alleged prophecies had an 85% success rate, which made her popular across Europe and former Soviet Union nations. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.