An ‘extremely cruel and callous’ teenager has been jailed for posing as multiple women to trick their loved ones into giving him money. Jasin Bushi, 18, logged into women’s Snapchat accounts, changed their details to lock them out and then asked friends, family members and colleagues for between £200 and £300 at a time. One message read: ‘Hey, I’m struggling with rent. I’m literally £300 short and I’m probably going to get kicked out if I can’t pay. I’ll pay back Monday.’ People who agreed to send some money over were then sent PayPal accounts to transfer the funds to. When others said no, or suspected a scam, Bushi would threaten to send out personal photos and videos of his victims. He got these intimate files from their private Snapchat sections, but he denied posting any of the images and clips that eventually got out. One victim’s nudes were shared on her Snapchat story, which she found out about from work colleagues. She said: ‘I felt embarrassed, I left the office straight away in tears and had a few days off work because I felt I couldn’t face the people who have seen those private images. ‘The feeling still haunts me now of when I first saw those photos on my public story, I would never wish that feeling upon anyone.’ Another victim said she felt ‘indebted’ to the friend who ‘lost a significant amount of money’ thinking she was helping a mate. She explained how the ordeal has made her withdraw socially, because she feels her co-workers have lost respect for her. She said: ‘I was fortunate enough to not be physically injured by this incident, but the long lasting psychological effects impact me every day, and I feel that this is likely to be the case for a long time in the future.’ Bushi, from Camden, north London, was busted after detectives found multiple victims, but only seven, between the ages of 17 and 35, were willing to work with them. Detective constable Ed Sehmer said: ‘This crime type often goes underreported as victims can often feel shame or embarrassment. ‘There is nothing to feel ashamed about. I urge anyone to come forward and report to the police if this has happened to you. We will fully support you and treat you with sensitivity and dignity.’ Bushi was jailed for two years after pleading guilty to several fraud and blackmail offences. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.