Blue heartthrob Duncan James was left Bubblin’ with exasperation after being confronted by a fan who claimed she was expecting his child. In an exclusive interview with Guilty Pleasures, the singer remembered running into the woman while the band was touring in Germany. ‘[It was] crazy. She was telling everyone that she was pregnant with my kid. I said, “There’s no way you’re pregnant with my kid because I’m gay – it ain’t me,”’ he recalled. Dunc, 44, who has a 17-year-old daughter, Tianie, with an ex-girlfriend, came out as bisexual in 2009 but now identifies as gay. Bandmate Lee Ryan, 39, has had his share of random run-ins, too, singling out a devotee who would set fire to toys and then present him with the remains. ‘She gave me a Tasmanian devil that was half-burnt. I took it and said thanks,’ he shrugged. Meanwhile, Blue – completed by Simon Webbe, 44, and Antony Costa, 41 – are hoping to turn up the heat on the dancefloor with their new single Dance with Me, out now, taken from upcoming album Heart & Soul, due in September. With three UK no1s and 11 top 10 hits to their names, the boys are proud of just how far they’ve come. ‘For us, we grew organically. We went out, we found our fan base, we built and built. When we first released All Rise, 21 years ago, the radio station DJs didn’t know who Blue was, so they purely went on the music and vocals,’ Ant explained. ‘That’s what’s held Blue in good stead. Yes, we’ve had ups and downs. Yes, we’ve had disagreements. That’s the way of the world, that’s how we’ve always been. But the beauty of Blue is, when there’s a problem, we do talk about it and come together as one. ‘I might not talk to the lads for two weeks, that doesn’t mean I don’t want to speak them, that’s just how our lives have evolved. We’ve all got kids and support our families. We’ve been through all the crap together. No one knows what we’ve been through. We’ve come from the bottom and worked our way up. Long may it continue!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Blue’s Duncan James pretended to date Geri Halliwell because he was so terrified to come out as gay MORE : Christine McGuinness reveals marriage to Paddy McGuinness isn’t always ‘plain-sailing’: ‘We’re trying to deal with things privately’ 