A pilot has released nail-biting footage of the moment he was forced to make an emergency landing on a major motorway in the US. Vincent Fraser was flying over rural North Carolina with his father-in-law when his single-engine propeller plane suffered an engine failure. He told local media: ‘I started going through my checklist and I was able to get the aircraft to restart and kind of fly a little bit, but she would only fly for 3 to 5 seconds, and then she would come back down and start to sink again.’ Spotting the Route 19 below, he began descending, forced to weave between traffic going in both directions as he approached the tarmac along a curve. The footage, shot from a wing camera, shows how Mr Fraser touched down just a few dozen feet ahead of a set of power lines crossing the highway. Local emergency services were flooded with calls that the plane had crashed, but found he had managed to land safely in a spot where ‘there was one car coming’. He pulled off the daring landing despite counting less than 100 hours flight experience under his belt, having passed his pilot test just eight months ago. The motorway was said to be the only stretch of flat land in a mountainous area covered with trees. Mr Fraser added: ‘By the grace of God, I looked to my left, and you couldn’t see it before because, you know, it’s just all valleys and mountains, but there’s a road — that road that I landed on just right there, perfectly lined up. The footage was shared on social media, where commenters were astounded by the pilot’s skills as well as the perilous situation the other drivers were subjected to. Arlen Parsa wrote: ‘Just imagine what it would be like to be driving along minding my own business and all of a sudden a plane lands in my lane in front of me.’ Swain County Sheriff Curtis Cochran told a local reporter: ‘The call came in as a plane crash, so we’re just very thankful that it wasn’t, cause the circumstances would’ve been very different.’ An investigation has been launched into the incident. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.