Dramatic photos have shown the transformation the sun can make to people who choose to neglect wearing sun cream. Britons could face ‘unprecedented’ temperatures exceeding 40°C next week. The Met Office is advising people to stay indoors where possible rather than flock to parks or beaches. But for those who are outside during the heatwave, taking steps to wear UV protection is ‘hugely important’ to prevent skin cancer. The sun’s rays can hugely alter the health of our skin and lead to various conditions in both men and women. Ultra-violet photography help to uncover the true damage the sun can have, even for people who don’t burn easily. The University of Colorado Cancer Centre use the method in 2011 to raise awareness of the need for UV protection. Skin that may look healthy could easily have hidden damage beneath the surface as these images show. Our body has a nifty defence mechanism in place to defend us from the ray’s however – which comes in the form of a tanning pigment. The appearance of freckles also signifies the impact of the sun’s UV rays. Previous studies have shown how children are especially suspectable to the sun and its impact. Just this week, Boots’ decided to stop producing products with an SPF of lower than 50 for children and 15 for adults. The company homes to encourage customers to lower their risk of developing skin cancer. Boots’ own-brand Soltan teamed up with Macmillan Cancer Support to improve awareness of sun safety. The campaign also aims to target children who are more vulnerable to sun damage. Dr Anthony Cunliffe, national clinical adviser for primary care at Macmillan, said: ‘Initiatives like this are really important because wearing higher factor SPF, along with steps like spending time in the shade, can provide better protection from the sun and lower your risk of developing skin cancer. ‘Anyone with concerns about changes to their skin should contact their GP, and they can also chat to specially trained nurses on the Macmillan support line.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.