Love Island fans saw Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope finally make their romance official after weeks of flirtation in the Majorcan villa. The duo both started off in different couples, being paired with Ikenna Ekwonna and Amber Beckford respectively, by the public. However, when Ikenna and Amber were both booted out, the pair’s friendship soon turned into something more, and they ended up starting a romance together. Weeks later, the pair have now revealed they are officially boyfriend and girlfriend, after they finally got to spend a night away from their other islanders in the hideaway. As the lights switched on, Indiyah told Dami: ‘You’re now actually my boyfriend.’ Dami gave his sign of approval, as Indiyah then reminded him: ‘You still have to ask properly but yeah.’ After returning to their fellow islanders, they revealed their news to the boys and girls. When chatting to the boys outside, Dami said of his night: ‘Thank you for giving me that opportunity. ‘Feels like you’re in a hotel away from the villa. In the morning, she called me her boyfriend,’ as Indiyah told the girls: ‘It was lovely, I had a great time.’ The duo haven’t had the smoothest-sailing journey in the Villa, but they soon turned things around. After Casa Amor, both Indiyah and Dami chose to recouple, with Deji Adeniyi and Summer Botwe. However, despite some tension between them, they eventually found their way back to each other. But could they manage to go all the way and win the series? Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Masked Dancer season 2: ITV unveils full line-up ahead of show return – but who’s hiding behind the costumes? MORE : Stacey Solomon goes back to her roots as she reveals gorgeous blonde hair transformation ahead of wedding to Joe Swash 