Love Island’s Jacques O’Neill had viewers shocked when he decided to stick with Paige Thorne instead of recoupling with Cheyanne Kerr after Casa Amor. After forming a couple with Paige in the main villa, Jacques’ head was turned during Casa Amor, with rugby player sharing a bed and kissing Cheyanne – behaviour that viewers had branded ‘disgusting’. When it came to the recoupling, he said he’d been through a ‘test’ that had ‘made up his mind’ and he decided to stick with Paige. She also came back single from Casa Amor single after staying loyal throughout – but her happiness quickly turned to confusion when Cheyanne spilled what happened between the pair of them. ‘I felt like I had a connection with someone. I suppose my version of a test is different to someone else’s,’ Cheyanne said. When asked who she had a connection with, she responded Jacques. ‘He said he can’t trust himself, shared a bed,’ she continued, explaining Jacques’ behaviour in Casa Amor. Asked by Laura Whitmore if she thought she would be standing up rather than sat with him, Cheyanne said: ‘I weren’t sure but I know Paige is a nice girl, hope he treats her nice.’ Paige said: ‘It’s not really what you wanna hear when you come back. It’s just one of those things. I don’t think it’s quite sunk in yet.’ Jacques went on to tell her that they’re both single and that she ‘forgets that’ sometimes. She later said in the beach hut: ‘He wants his cake and he wants to eat it. But this isn’t a buffet.’ Bursting into tears, she said: ‘I’m done’. Elsewhere in the dramatic recoupling, Andrew Le Page branded his former flame Tasha Ghouri ‘fake’ and accused her of ‘telling more lies than Pinocchio’. Ekin-Su and Davide Sanclimenti were brought back together, as were Luca Bish and Gemma Owen. Love Island continues Friday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘May the best heartbreaker win’: Love Island stars in shock as Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope both recouple after Casa Amor MORE : Jacques O’Neill will ‘get away with disgusting behaviour to Paige Thorne’: Love Island body language expert analyses Casa Amor love rat 