Is there anything worse than dry and lifeless hair? We’re always on the hunt for products that can help our hair thrive – and anything with quick results is very much welcome. Thankfully, a brand new product has just been unveiled offering exactly that – and it’s already got the seal of approval from influencers. Coco and Eve’s new Sweet Repair Hair Mask includes a blend of active ingredients and vitamins that restore dry hair and help against future damage, too. Not only can it improve hair strength by up to 85%, but it also reduces damage by up to 65% – so your hair will look shiny, strong and full of life. We all know how important it is to stay fed and watered. Our hair is no different, and this hero mask increases hydration by up to 26 times. In testing, Sweet Repair was also shown to improve shine by 46%. Apply just after shampoo and leave on for as little as five minutes for a no-fuss addition to your showering routine. Alternatively, you can leave yours on a bit longer, letting ingredients like Biomimetic Ceramides, Vegan Keratin Complex, and Hyaluronic Acid work their magic. The Coco and Eve brand was born in Bali, and you may have heard of their Sunny Honey Bronzing Mousse as it’s a favourite with influencers. The team has spent years testing, developing and perfecting formulas for hair, body and skin – so they know a thing or two about delivering top-quality products. There’s also no need to worry about drying and damaging sulphates, phthalates, or parabens as Coco and Eve products are free from them. The Sweet Repair Hair mask is available now for £30.90. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best-selling Shark steam mop is now on sale – with £50 off MORE : The Fit List: Stay healthy with these hot summer buys MORE : The best new smartphones for 2022 – and which one to buy if you’re stuck