A quirky converted oast house with multiple circular rooms is on sale for £1,495,000. The Oast House is an impressive Grade II Listed home with beautiful country views and lots of space for multi-generational living. The property has three roundels with six circular rooms, each measuring 17ft 8in in diameter, so the new owners will need to think carefully about what furniture will fit. The house is on the edge of the picturesque village of Offham, Kent, a county where oasts are a far more common sight than the rest of the UK. Oast houses appeared in the 16th century as a way of drying hops as part of the brewing process to make beer. The big round buildings with a conical roof were free-standing kilns and the cone created a good draught for the fire used to dry the hops. Kent had ideal soil for growing hops, and plenty of wood for the charcoal used in oast houses to dry the hops, which is why there are so many of the buildings in the county. This oast house has 3,403 sq ft of accommodation. On the ground floor is an entrance hall, shower room, utility room, and sitting room in the square part of the building, with a circular kitchen, dining room, and study in the roundels. Upstairs you’ll find two bedrooms and two bathrooms in the square building, with three circular bedrooms in the former kilns. As well as all that, there’s The Croft, which has a kitchen, living room/conservatory, bathroom, two bedrooms, and three adjoining garages. The property sits in 0.74 of an acre with established gardens and several terraces for al fresco entertaining. James Stacey-Clear from Savills, who are selling the property, said: ‘There is something about oasts that really captures buyers, they are just really individual. When you are in an oast it feels quite special. ‘They have a lot of history and it’s something much more interesting than four square walls. ‘I love the versatility of this character property, it is ideal for those needing secondary accommodation. ‘The oasts here are really big and the property also has the croft with it so if you want an annexe for an elderly relative or teenager, or you want to rent out that space, it’s really usable. ‘The setting is lovely too and it’s got a beautiful back garden. ‘It’s near West Malling, which is a popular area, and surrounded by green views, it’s perfect.’ Ready for a more rounded home? View the listing and apply to view on the Savills website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why getting on the property ladder is harder than ever MORE : Artist saves £60,000 with a DIY makeover on her colourful coastal home MORE : Couple who couldn’t afford house in UK buy entire village in France