Rishi Sunak’s faltering campaign to become Britain’s next prime minister has been dealt another blow after a top Tory endorsed Liz Truss Ex-Northern Ireland secretary Brandon Lewis has weighed in behind the Foreign Secretary with a stinging attack on the former Chancellor. Lewis is only the latest Conservative heavyweight to pledge their support to Truss, after former leadership contender Tom Tugendhat and Defence Secretary Ben Wallace also backed her. But Truss has played down claims she has a clear lead over her rival, even as her campaign was further boosted by the support of the party big whigs on a crunch weekend in the race for No 10. The Foreign Secretary insists it is a ‘very, very close race,’ while trumpeting her ‘support from right across all parts of the Conservative Party’ after gaining centrist Tugendhat’s support. Lewis criticised Sunak’s record on Brexit, suggesting he did not initially support plans trying to break a negotiating impasse with the EU. He claimed the former Chancellor put up ‘huge resistance’ to efforts to override the Northern Ireland Protocol and was more focused on trying to ‘keep the EU happy’. Sunak backed a bill to override protocol – which aims to remove trade barriers with the EU but has been accused of breaking international law – at a hustings event earlier this week. ‘It’s good to see him (Sunak) coming around to see that that is the way forward, because that doesn’t quite reflect the experience I’ve had of the Treasury in the last year and a half,’ Lewis told The Telegraph. He claimed there had been ‘huge resistance from the Treasury’ to the bill and added: ‘The Treasury in my experience seems to want to try and keep the EU happy, when I’ve always felt our focus should be on working to deliver for the people of the United Kingdom and do what’s right by them as their sovereign government. ‘The concern has always been around, for the Treasury, “what will be the EU’s reaction” rather than “how do we get this to work, and how do we fix this problem that is a problem for the UK?”’ Sunak, who has consistently trailed Truss in polls of party members who will decide the next PM, faces an uphill battle to win them over before ballots start landing on their doorsteps next week. Both contenders are continuing to meet voters around the country, with Sunak tweeting photos of himself with supporters in key southern constituencies. He wrote: ‘Busy Saturday meeting hundreds of members. Wouldn’t have it any other way!’ His latest plans in a policy blitz designed to revive his flagging campaign included slashing the number of shuttered shops on Britain’s high streets, allowing tougher punishment for graffiti and littering, and expanding police powers to tackle anti-social behaviour. Sunak has also promised to fine patients who miss GP and hospital appointments £10 in a transformation of the NHS. The 42-year-old has acknowledged that he is ‘playing catch-up’ to Truss. But Sunak has also been criticised for building a pool in his garden, while a local facility in his own constituency is being shut down. Truss supporter Nadine Dorries has been criticised for tweeting an image of Sunak stabbing Boris Johnson in the back, only a year after a Tory MP was knifed to death. Truss’ latest policy pledges include a six-point plan on education, under which she promised that pupils with top A level grades would get an automatic Oxbridge interview. Branding herself the ‘education prime minister’, she also vowed to replace failing academies with ‘a new wave of free schools’ and improve maths and literacy standards. She also told The Telegraph there would be no second referendum on Scottish independence. A BMG Research poll of party faithful for the i newspaper was the latest to put Truss ahead of Sunak with a double-digit lead among members. A survey of just Tory councillors saw the two contenders nearly neck-and-neck, with Truss was on 31% and Sunak on 28% among 511 local Conservative politicians. Tugendhat, who joined Truss at a campaign event at Biggin Hill Airport, rejected the idea that Sunak should drop out of the race. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Rishi Sunak vows to end ‘woke nonsense’ if he become Prime Minister