Boris Johnson is facing calls to expel the former Tory deputy chief whip who dramatically quit after allegedly groping two men. Chris Pincher, was responsible for maintaining discipline among Conservative MPs before stepping down from his role last night. He said he had ’embarrassed myself and other people’ after having had ‘far too much’ to drink. The incident is said to have happened at the Carlton Club, a private membership establishment in London’s Piccadilly closely associated with the Tory party. Mr Pincher stood down after allegedly assaulting two fellow guests on Wednesday evening, according to The Sun. But as he was considered to have done the right thing by admitting wrongdoing and resigning, he is expected to continue to sit as a Tory MP for now. Labour said it showed the party was ‘mired in sleaze and scandal’ and questioned how Mr Pincher could still be allowed to take the Conservative whip. In May, Tory MP for Tiverton and Honiton, Neil Parish, resigned his Commons seat altogether after he admitted watching pornography in the Commons chamber. That same month, former Conservative MP for Wakefield, Imran Ahmad Khan, was jailed for sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy back in January 2008. Mr Parish’s resignation and Khan’s expulsion opened up two by-elections, both of which the Tories lost – prompting a cabinet minister to resign. Labour deputy leader Angela Rayner said the latest scandal ‘shows how far standards in public life have been degraded’ under the Prime Minister’s watch. She added: ‘Boris Johnson has serious questions to answer about why Chris Pincher was given this role in the first place and how he can remain a Conservative MP. ‘The Conservative Party is so mired in sleaze and scandal that it is totally unable to tackle the challenges facing the British people.’ Today, it emerged that the Prime Minister was aware of past allegations of inappropriate behaviour by Mr Pincher before his last cabinet reshuffle in February. Two Tory sources told the Mirror that the appointment had been referred to the ethics team. However, one source stressed that the appointment had been ‘cleared by the civil service’, adding: ‘The appropriate checks were made.’ In his resignation letter to the Prime Minister, Mr Pincher apologised for his behaviour, saying it had been ‘the honour of my life’ to have served in the Government. ‘Last night I drank far too much. I’ve embarrassed myself and other people which is the last thing I want to do and for that I apologise to you and to those concerned,’ he said. ‘I think the right thing to do in the circumstances is for me to resign as deputy chief whip. I owe it to you and the people I’ve caused upset to, to do this. ‘I want to assure you that you will continue to have my full support from the back benches. It has been the honour of my life to have served in Her Majesty’s Government.’ His departure in such dramatic circumstances is a further blow for the Prime Minister who has been beset with allegations of misconduct over lockdown parties in Downing Street. The Tamworth MP was appointed alongside chief whip Chris Heaton-Harris last February to shore up support for the Prime Minister amid growing unrest among Tory MPs over the ‘Partygate’ disclosures. It is the second time he has quit the whips office, having resigned as a junior whip in November 2017. This was over a complaint that he made an unwanted pass at the former Olympic rower and Conservative candidate Alex Story. But after an investigation by the party, he was cleared of breaching its code of conduct. Having referred himself to both the police and the Conservative Party complaints procedure, he was brought back by Theresa May as deputy chief whip in January 2018. When Mr Johnson became Prime Minister in July 2019, he was moved to the Foreign Office as minister for Europe and the Americas before returning to the whips office for a third time. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.