Jimmy Amisial was on holiday in his hometown in Haiti when his life changed forever. The student, who lives in San Marcos, Texas, was on his way to the orphanage he’d volunteered at since his teens when he came across a large group of people huddled around a bin. Intrigued, he wandered over to see what the fuss about – and was stunned to see a four-month-old baby inside the trash can, covered with ants. Jimmy swept into action, scooping up the child to take him home to his mother Elicie Jean, 66, where the duo washed, clothed and fed the baby milk before taking him for medical help. They flagged the incident to the police, who launched an investigation to find the boy’s parents – but this was unsuccessful. A judge asked Jimmy, who at the time was just 22, if he would become a legal guardian to the baby – and the student said yes. Ever since, Jimmy, who is studying at Texas State University, has been splitting his time between the States and Gonaives, Haiti, where little Emilio Angel Jeremiah is being cared for by Elicie. Now, Jimmy has applied to formally adopt Emilio and become his official dad. ‘When I found him, he was four months old – now he’s nearly five,’ said Jimmy, now 27. ‘When I woke up that day, I was totally unaware that my life was about to change forever. ‘People were crowding round this bin and I heard them arguing about what to do with this tiny baby. ‘Everyone was just staring at him – not a single soul wanted to help. ‘He was crying and had no clothes on and I could see the pain in his eyes – I had to do something.’ When Jimmy took the baby home to his mum, she was shocked – but immediately willing to do anything she could do help. Together, they washed, clothed and fed him milk, and took him to the doctors for a check-up, as he was covered in ant bites from the trash. Jimmy then contacted the police who opened up an investigation. A few days passed, and after a hearing on what was to be done about the baby, the judge asked Jimmy to be his legal guardian. Jimmy remembered: ‘When I was asked to raise him, I stayed awake for days tossing and turning, trying to make a decision. ‘I was already behind on my university fees and my family has always struggled to make ends meet. ‘But I didn’t have a dad growing up, and this poor child was facing a lifetime of instability and uncertainty. ‘Something inside was telling me that this had happened for a reason – so I took a leap of faith. ‘Sometimes you don’ have to know what to do, you just have to be ready, to do it.’ After thinking long and hard about the judge’s request, Jimmy agreed to raise him with the help of his mother. He named the baby Emilio, and embarked on a beautiful journey of learning to be a parent, with Elicie looking after Emilio as Jimmy studied and worked. To provide for his family, Jimmy has had to take considerable amount of time off from his studies, but is now gearing up to start his third year in September. He has started the formal process of legally adopting Emilio, but now needs to raise $30,000 to complete it. ‘It’s been fun seeing him grow – he’s a joy to be around,’ Jimmy said. ‘Mom loves him, the kids in the orphanage love him, and I love him as if he were my own. He really is a special little boy. ‘It’s been an incredible journey and watching him grow up has been so rewarding – I’m very proud of him. ‘I had to do what I had to do when no one else wanted to do it, and I’m so grateful for the past four and a half years. ‘I truly do feel like a father, and I’m excited to put pen to paper and make Emilio my son – I just need to raise the money first. ‘I’m glad I got the opportunity to transform his life from being abandoned in the trash to being a wonderful treasure.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : LGBT couple who adopted three children with disabilities urges others to do same MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know MORE : Dad got Tesco Clubcard tattooed on his forearm because he kept forgetting it