The Tory party leadership race is now down to two candidates, which means of those two will be the UK’s new Prime Minister. Ex-Chancellor the exchequer Rishi Sunak and foreign secretary Liz Truss are the last candidates standing after five rounds of voting by Tory MPs. The voting among MPs took place after Boris Johnson resigned as PM in the wake of a vast number of MPs stepping down to demonstrate their loss of faith in his leadership. After whittling down the candidates from eight to two, the next Prime Minister will be announced by September 5, with Mr Johnson remaining in charge until then. But why will it take that long to announce the new PM? The September 5 date was announced by the 1922 Committee – a committee comprised of all backbench Conservative MPs – ahead of the initial voting ballot. The 1922 Committee was responsible for the parliamentary stage of the leadership race where MPs voted across eight days for the final two candidates Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the 1922 Committee, told Metro.co.uk that ‘the timetable for the rest of the contest was agreed with the board of the Conservative Party and was planned to allow time for the two remaining candidates to attend hustings around the country.’ What this means is that Mr Sunak and Ms Truss will now essentially campaign to win the votes of every Tory party member across the country, not just MPs. The party does not say how many members it has, but estimates vary between about 140,000 and 200,000 members. Each member gets a vote as long as they joined before June 3 this year, three months before the end of the ballot. Ballots will be posted to members between August 1 and August 5. The vote will close at 5pm on September 2, with the winner announced on September 5. There will be a timetable of nationwide husting events across the country, where members can pose questions to Mr Sunak and Ms Truss. The hustings schedule is yet to be revealed but they will also be live-streamed. During this time, the Hosue Of Commons will be on recess, which is effectively an MPs summer holiday. The UK Parliament website describes a recess as a break during the parliamentary session (year) in which ‘neither the House of Commons or the House of Lords meets to conduct business.’ There are usually several recesses throughout a session and usually fall around Christmas, Easter and Summer. Sir Graham added that this timetable crucially means that ‘the new Prime Minister will be known on the day the House of Commons returns in September’. Many have expressed frustration at the length of time to announce a new Prime Minister. Money-saving expert Martin Lewis tweeted: ‘Disappointed the 1922 committee are waiting until 5 Sept to announce new Conservative leader (aka PM). ‘That’s too late. The catastrophically high Oct price cap announcement a fortnight before will cause panic, DDs [direct debits] will already be rising. It’s not enough time for ministers to act!’ It should be noted that a new PM could be announced earlier if either Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss decide to pull out of the race before the September 2 ballot deadline. MORE : Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss agree to face each other on Sky News debate MORE : Liz Truss claims Rishi Sunak has taken country in ‘wrong direction’ Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below