Pro-Russian separatists have ramped up plans to execute two Brits captured while fighting for Ukraine, reports suggest. Aiden Aslin and Shaun Pinner have been treated as foreign ‘mercenaries’ since they were apprehended by Moscow’s forces near Mariupol in April. They were sentenced to death after being convicted of ‘mercenary activities and committing actions aimed at seizing power and overthrowing the constitutional order of the Donetsk People’s Republic (DPR)’ following what Western politicians labelled a show trial last month. And their situation appears to have deteriorated even further after pro-Putin officials said they are now ‘preparing a place for their execution’. In a chilling statement, the DPR says the British men will be killed by firing squad without prior notice, according to the Daily Mail. DPR spokesman Denys Pushilin is quoted as saying: ‘Everything is ready. It won’t be public.’ Mr Aslin and Mr Pinner, along with Moroccan colleague Brahim Saadoun, were members of regular Ukrainian military units fighting in the southern port city, scene of some of the heaviest fighting Relatives of the two British men, as well as Boris Johnson’s spokesman, have said they are therefore entitled to the protection of the Geneva Conventions on the treatment of prisoners of war. Ukraine’s ambassador to the UK, Vadym Prystaiko, has also said that the death sentence does not exist in Ukraine and so the prisoners cannot be legally given this penalty in the territory. The DPR is one of two breakaway Russian-backed entities in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine that Russia says it is fighting to liberate from Ukrainian forces. The UK does not recognise it and British officials have not publicly engaged with officials there over the case. Speaking after the verdicts, Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov suggested that doing so may amount to de facto recognition of the region’s independence. Their best hope for release may be as part of a prisoner exchange. Mr Pushilin said appeals submitted by the three men earlier this month are being considered, the Mail reports. But he added that once the legal process is complete ‘their cases will be transferred to the executive service for implementation, by firing squad’. Earlier this month, Russian state media reported two more British men were captured in separatist-held Ukraine and charged with being mercenaries. Cambridgeshire aid worker Dylan Healy, 22, and military volunteer Andrew Hill were charged with carrying out the same ‘mercenary activities’ as Mr Aslin and Mr Pinner. The Tass news agency reported both men were refusing to co-operate with investigators. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.