A teenage boy has been sentenced to a minimum of 13 years in prison for the murder of Ava White. The schoolgirl was fatally stabbed in Liverpool city centre on November 25 last year. The 15-year-old who attacked her, known as ‘Boy A’, cannot be named for legal reasons. He was today sentenced to a life sentence with a minimum of 13 years. Sentencing him at Liverpool Crown Court, Mrs Justice Yip said: ‘There is only one reason why Ava is dead and that is because you chose to carry a knife and you chose to get it out and use it. ‘You enjoyed carrying a knife. You were showing it off to your friends earlier that evening. ‘It was a nasty weapon and you should not have had it.’ During the boy’s trial, the court had heard that Ava, 12, and her friends became involved in an argument with the defendant and three of his friends. After the argument, the teenage boy, then 14-years-old, struck Ava in the neck with a knife. The girls had been attending a Christmas light switch-on before the incident took place. The court was told Ava’s last words to her friends as she lay dying on the ground were ‘don’t leave me’. Today, her family broke down ahead of her murderer’s sentencing. Ava’s mother Leanne said in a statement: ‘The moment Ava died is now yesterday, tomorrow and forever. ‘It is the past, the present and the future. ‘It is not just one horrific moment in time that happened last whenever. It is not just the moment, the hour or second. ‘Our lives became permanently divided into before and after. ‘You may say Ava died last year, or 10 years ago, or even 15 years ago or longer. No she didn’t. ‘My beloved Ava dies all over again every morning I wake up. My Ava dies again every moment she is not with us for the rest of our lives.’ Ms White told Liverpool Crown Court she would never see her daughter grow up, get married or have children. She said: ‘She will never fulfil her dream of becoming an air hostess and travelling the world.’ The teenage boy put his head in his hands as Ms White and her older daughter Mia, 18, tearfully read their statements to the court, where more than 20 of Ava’s family and friends were in the public gallery. Mia said: ‘I am a shadow of my former big, loving sister to Ava.’ She said she becomes anxious walking past groups of youths in the street in case they are carrying knives. She told the court she now hopes to change other young people’s minds about using knives. ‘Hopefully if I can change at least one child’s mind about using a knife I will have accomplished something special,’ she said. The court heard Ava’s paternal grandfather Robert, 72, had been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder following her death. A statement from Ava’s father Robert Martin was read to the court. He said: ‘Ava was the reason I got out of bed, my reason for living. ‘When Ava was taken away it destroyed everything I stood for and worked towards.’ Boy A claimed had claimed he accidentally stabbed Ava in self defence but a jury convicted him of murder following a two-week trial in May. The court heard the boy, who has attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and attended a special school, had previously been subject to a community resolution notice after hitting a PCSO last July. Nick Johnson QC, defending, said the defendant was carrying the knife because he had previously been a victim of crime. Referring to a pre-sentence report on the defendant, Mr Johnson said: ‘One of the things that shines out is the suggestion that as part of his background he had been desensitised to violence, and that is not as a perpetrator of violence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.