Love Island is becoming more like a rom com every day, with viewers now likening one moment in particular to an iconic moment from The Notebook. The moment in question? Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope running into each other’s arms and sharing a romantic smooch before bed. Tonight saw Jay Younger and Chyna Mills dumped from the villa by their fellow islanders, but Dami and Summer Botwe had a narrow escape after finding themselves in the bottom two couples. One person who was rather pleased to have Dami sticking around was Indiyah, since the two shared a special connection prior to the dramas of Casa Amor. Just when it looked like the couples were settling down for some shut eye, Indiyah had other ideas after noticing Dami was outside with Billy Brown, sleeping on the day bed. Not wasting a moment, she sprinted out of the bedroom and he leapt off the bed as soon as he saw her coming, eventually running into each other’s arms. Dami picked Indiyah up, she wrapped her legs around his waist, and they shared a passionate goodnight smooch. Fans were totally living for the rom com moment, with one calling it ‘some Romeo and Juliet s**t’. ‘That Indiyah Dami moment was adorable,’ one tweeted, with another writing: ‘Dami and Indiyah have one cute love story’. ‘That Dami and Indiyah scene was to cute, Dami better treat Indiyah like the queen she is’, one viewer added. However, not everyone was so fussed, especially after both Indiyah and Dami recoupled after Casa Amor and Indiyah delivered that iconic, ‘May the best heartbreaker win’ line. Questioning if Dami’s feelings are genuine, one viewer tweeted: ‘Don’t buy Dami at all. Fully knew that vote off was coming soon and miraculously declared he wanted Indiyah because he knew he’d be in the bottom two!’ ‘I don’t like Dami because of what he did’, another said, with other stressing that they don’t want Indiyah to ‘go back to him’. But it seems she has no time for any negative Neliies, telling the girls on the terrace the next morning: ‘I really like him. When I see him, I can’t even put it into words.’ The antics of Casa Amor also seem to be water under the bridge now, with Indiyah adding that she doesn’t ‘have time to be petty.’ ‘I have a great thing with Deji’, she said, referring to her recoupling, ‘but it’s not the same.’ ‘But he’s not Dami!’, Paige declared to a smiling Indiyah. But with the return of 2018 troublemaker Adam Collard, will Indiyah stay loyal? Love Island continues each night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : R Kelly ‘got engaged to alleged victim Joycelyn Savage’ before he was sentenced to 30 years in prison MORE : Harry Styles confirms Late Night Talking as next single and shares most adorable music video teaser imaginable 