A vigil has been held for a dad who died after falling from a 50ft bonfire in Northern Ireland. John Steele was helping to build the towering pyre in the Antiville estate in Larne, Co Antrim, when he fell on Saturday. The bonfire, constructed from stacked wooden pallets, was one of around 250 that have been built in loyalist areas of Northern Ireland ahead of traditional ‘Eleventh Night’ celebrations. The fires are lit to usher in the main date in the Protestant loyal order parading season – the Twelfth of July. Mr Steele, a window cleaner in his 30s, was pronounced dead at the scene. He was from the Antiville area. Following his death, the bonfire pyre was dismantled out of respect to his family. People gathered at the scene of the tragedy last night to remember Mr Steele. A minute’s silence was held and Cairncastle Flute Band played several tunes. The remnants of the dismantled bonfire were also lit. Among those in attendance were Stormont economy minister and local assembly member Gordon Lyons. Ahead of the vigil, floral tributes, a Liverpool football shirt and the flag of a flute band were left close to the scene. MP for the area Sammy Wilson said the tragedy had shocked the community. ‘It is a real tragedy at what is a special time of year for people in the loyalist community’ he said. ‘The family are well-known in the area, and I am sure this will be greatly felt within the community.’ The mayor of Mid and East Antrim Council, Noel Williams, extended his condolences following the death. ‘The loss of a young man’s life in an accident at a bonfire site in Larne is shocking and my thoughts are with his heartbroken loved ones,’ he said. ‘The community is hurting and my prayers are with everybody impacted by this awful tragedy.’ A fundraising page has been set up following Mr Steele’s death to raise £3000 for his family and to help towards the cost of his funeral. The JustGiving page said a ‘dark cloud is over our wee town’ and ‘no one is ever prepared for that news to come to your door’. The person behind the fundraiser wrote: ‘So I’ve set this up in the hope that people will donate no matter how big or small to take off a bit of financial pressure for the family as they begin to make arrangements for John’s funeral. ‘The whole town is shook at this devastating news and our hearts go out to Artie, Jackie, Kitty, his two daughters Caitlin and Macy-Lee, Catrina and the whole family circle. You will be sorely missed John. YNWA XX.’ The fatal fall in Antiville came as Larne had been making headlines for another bonfire in the town. Bonfire builders in the nearby Craigyhill estate are attempting to break a world record for the tallest bonfire – a record which stands at 198ft. The builders have vowed to continue with their record bid in tribute to Mr Steele. The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) plan on the Twelfth being the busiest and most resource-intensive day of the year, with the Eleventh Night being second. There will be 2,500 police officers on duty on the Twelfth, which is around a third of the strength of the PSNI. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.