Nothing teaches you what you like in the bedroom better than some solo fun, but life often gets in the way and it’s difficult to find the time. There’s a gendered aspect at play here, too. While male masturbation is seen as par for the course (and essential for preventing made up issues like ‘blue balls’) self-pleasure for women is far less normalised. Plus, when it comes to partnered sex, women are also less likely to orgasm than their male counterparts, in a phenomenon known as ‘the orgasm gap’. That’s why Australian sex toy brand, Vush, has launched a new campaign called I Come First – and they’re asking people to prioritise their own pleasure for a whole month. The challenge involves masturbating every day for a month, with the idea being that you’re more likely to enjoy yourself if you’ve carved out specific time to do so. From improved sleep quality to a reduction in stress, you should notice a number of positives from daily orgasms – beyond the general great feeling of reaching climax, of course. These self-love appointments allow you to get rid of any guilt or time concerns and be in the moment. After all, you’ve booked in. To get the word out, Vush has teamed up with Married at First Sight stars Ella Ding and Domenica Calarco, who are both giving it a go. ‘Joining the I Come First challenge has forced me to take some time to myself again after being incredibly busy with life,’ said Dom. ‘I need to always remember to take time for myself.’ Updating followers on her progress, she added: ‘I’m currently on day three; getting up close and personal with myself; it’s actually the most incredible task to do. Cannot wait for the rest!’ Ella said: ‘Nothing is more interesting than when you focus on your breathing and slow it down and how much it can really impact your orgasm. I learnt all about this long ago and I do it all the time.’ Participants can use a vibe of their choice for this challenge, however, Ella’s favourite Vush product, Empress 2, is the perfect combination of powerful, discreet, and versatile to keep things interesting. Using enhanced vacuum technology to help show your clitoris some serious love, the Empress 2 mimics the sensation of really good oral sex, but without any strings attached. Instead of waiting for someone to come along and know all the right spots to hit, why not become a DIY pro with 30 days of practice? Find out more about Vush and I Come First here – and get 50% off the Empress 2 toy with the code  SITWITHUS50. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Dad urges people to wear sun cream after itchy mole turned out to be terminal skin cancer MORE : How to cope with shame, according to an expert