Just days before Beyonce was set to bless us with her eagerly-anticipated new album, Renaissance, it has reportedly been leaked online. The 40-year-old was preparing to break all of our souls with the 16-track record on July 29, marking her first solo album in years. We have all been waiting patiently to find out what Bey had in store with songs including Plastic Off The Sofa, Alien Superstar, Thique and America Has A Problem in the mix. However, according to reports, album number seven has already been leaked online. Variety reports that social media was awash with comments regarding the songs, and some physical CDs are already on the shelves in Europe. The Grammy-winner has yet to speak out over the apparent leak, but furious fans have not taken the move lightly, begging others to wait for the official release. ‘If you’re listening or spreading those leak you’re not a Beyoncé fan end of discussion,’ one fumed. ‘Who tf is doing #RENAISSANCE leaks!! Can’t y’all hold your horses for 2 days! #Beyonce,’ another agreed. ‘I did not wait 6 years for a new Beyoncé album for y’all to try and leak it before it comes out! I will call parkwood personally and get y’all sued,’ a follower tweeted. As a Twitter user posted: ‘I’m not listening to the Beyoncé leak until it officially drops, y’all really suck the fun out EVERYTHING.’ ‘Y’all can’t be Beyoncé fans & leak her stuff,’ an unimpressed fan said. ‘It’s been 6 yrs & in less than 48 hrs, we’ll ALL have access to the music. ‘Pls don’t ruin it for everyone, especially not Bey who has put 2 yrs of hard work into this new era that we BEGGED for. Where-ever you are in the [world], remember.’ Bey sent us all into a spin when she confirmed her return to music last month, subtly announcing her album by deleting her profile pictures across her various social media pages and adding the Renaissance release date to her bios. Unveiling the artwork – which showed her stripping naked and posing on a sparkling horse – she shed light on what her project would include. ‘Creating this album allowed me a place to dream and to find escape during a scary time for the world,’ she said. ‘It allowed me to feel free and adventurous in a time when little else was moving. My intention was to create a safe place, a place without judgement. ‘A place to be free of perfectionism and overthinking. A place to scream, release, feel freedom. It was a beautiful journey of exploration.’ She added: ‘I hope you find joy in this music. I hope it inspires you to release the wiggle. Ha! And to feel as unique, strong, and sexy as you are.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Beyonce and Columbia Records for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island USA: Tyler Radziszewski and Sereniti Springs seal budding romance with kiss after recoupling drama MORE : Love Island’s Danica Taylor and Jamie Allen brutally dumped from villa ahead of final 