Greg James has not yet made his return to the BBC Radio 1 Breakfast Show after being well and truly kicked out of the studio in favour of Scott Mills and Chris Stark. Poor Greg! We still haven’t forgotten his escape room escapade. The DJ, 36, was left puzzled (quite literally) on Wednesday when he was told live on air that he was being kicked out and replaced by Scott and Chris. Soon after, he was told that if he completes a giant jigsaw – with pieces scattered all around the country – he gets it back. Despite Greg’s best efforts, locating pieces from Land’s End in Cornwall to Glasgow, Scott and Chris were still presenting on Thursday morning. ‘It’s our show now,’ Scott declared, with a description of the show reading: ‘Greg’s kicked off the Breakfast show, so Scott’s on as the Radio 1 Games chaos continues!’ Sharing an update, BBC Radio 1 revealed that eight pieces have been found – so Greg, who’s building the jigsaw in Brighton, has still got a way to go. At least he’s embraced his fate, changing his Twitter bio to read: ‘I used to host @bbcr1 breakfast. I am now a full time puzzle maker.’ Godspeed, Greg. Scott, meanwhile, seems to be loving his time on Radio 1, shortly before he departs for Radio 2. It was recently announced that the star, who spent 24 years at the station, will replace Steve Wright on BBC Radio 2. Meanwhile, his partner in crime Chris will move to Capital. Recently chatting about their departure, Scott admitted he was ‘a little bit in denial’ that he and his co-presenter are leaving the network. Chris added: ‘I feel very weird because I think when you sign up to Radio 1 you always know at some point you’re going to leave. ‘I don’t want to go too deep right now because there’ll be another time for that. But I am super proud of us.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Whitmore quits BBC radio show to focus on cashing in on Love Island fame MORE : BBC Radio 2 DJ and Only Connect creator Chris Stuart dies aged 73 