Julia Bradbury has revealed the new approach she has to life to help stop her cancer from returning, including giving up alcohol. The 51-year-old TV presenter, best known for her shows on nature and travel, was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2021, which she shared publicly that September. She was diagnosed with a 5cm tumour in her left breast, and in October 2021 underwent a mastectomy and reconstruction. The mum is doing everything to ‘increase [her] odds’ against the ‘bad luck’ of cancer, as her ‘biggest motivation is staying alive for [her] children.’ She and husband Gerard Cunningham share three children together: 10-year-old son Zephyr, and twin daughters Xanthe and Zena, aged seven. Julia now says she has given up alcohol as part of the process, saying she previously had a reputation for being able to ‘drink everybody else under the table.’ In an interview with Woman&Home Magazine, for which she is starring in a cover shoot, she revealed that she is currently ‘not comfortable with drinking alcohol.’ ‘If I drink one unit of alcohol a day, my risk of recurrence is between five and six per cent across my lifetime,’ she explained. ‘With four units a day, it goes up to 28 per cent.’ Julia was ‘considered healthy’ when she was first diagnosed with breast cancer, but says she was eating refined sugar ‘every day,’ which she says is ‘toxic and disrupts the hormone balance.’ ‘I’m a positive person, and I’m trying to use my resilience and health to make a positive impact on my body,’ she explained. The Countryfile presenter has been open about her diagnosis and treatment for cancer, aiming to raise awareness about the disease. In May of this year, the star featured in an intensely personal documentary Julia Bradbury: Breast Cancer and Me, which followed her experience of having the disease. It saw her speak about her diagnosis, as well as the difficult moment she told her young children about her illness. Julia previously said she made the one-hour film to ‘raise awareness of the devastating disease’ and to make those who are affected by cancer ‘feel less alone’. She told the PA news agency at the time: ‘It was a big decision to go on to make such a personal film, especially when my family and I were going through so much. ‘But my motivation was to raise awareness of this devastating disease, and I hoped that by giving an open and honest account of my experiences I could help others affected by breast cancer to feel less alone.’ MORE : Julia Bradbury urges women with cancer to look after ‘mental and physical health’ as she gets hair styled post-mastectomy MORE : Julia Bradbury says breakthrough cancer treatment ‘could’ve saved left breast’ 