The scale of destruction caused by a grassland fire that tore through a residential area of Dagenham has been revealed. More than 130 people had to be evacuated from their homes yesterday when a wildfire broke out in Beam Parklands and spread to nearby residential roads. The terrifying flames engulfed almost everything in their path, leaving a trail of destruction and leaving streets almost unrecongisable. Two people had to be taken to hospital suffering from smoke inhalation but fortunately, no one was killed in the fire, which saw more than 100 firefighters dispatched to the area. However, 14 homes and 25 vehicles were completely destroyed in the blaze, while more were severely damaged. Now, footage taken on some of the worst affected streets shows the devasting aftermath of the fire. The apocalyptic video, which makes the area look like a war scene, shows buildings and vehicles gutted by the fire. On Farm Close, only the shell of buildings survive, while others appear to have melted in the heat and are still smoldering or even burning. Fences have burned through, with just the concrete pillars left standing and any patch of earth has been scorched black. London Fire Brigade (LFB) was initially called to the blaze at 2.15pm yesterday. Fifteen crews including teams from Whitechapel, Leytonstone, Millwall, and Clapham were sent to the scene. Firefighters managed to get the fire under control by 10.40pm more than eight hours after it broke out. Borough Commander Paul McClenaghan, who was at the scene, said: ‘Crews initially attended a significant grass fire which involved multiple seats of fire and also affected a range of buildings and a workshop. ‘As firefighters were tackling that blaze, the fire was creating additional hotspots of fire which affected sheds and further nearby properties. ‘A number of properties were evacuated on both sides of the road. ‘Our firefighters worked in incredibly hot, difficult conditions. There were cylinders involved in the fire which added to the challenge for crews.’ Some people were able to return to their homes overnight but more than 150 were displaced by the fire. Fires in London were so bad and frequent yesterday that LFB declared a ‘major incident’. The day was the busiest for the brigade since the Second World War with more than 2,600 calls to incidents received across the day. Sixteen firefighters were injured fighting fires in the capital with two admitted to hospital, LFB said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.