Actor Tony Sirico has died at the age of 79 in am assisted living facility in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, his family have confirmed. The actor, who was best known for playing Paulie ‘Walnuts’ Gualteri in all six seasons of the hit HBO show, also starred in other gangster films and TV shows including Goodfellas, Lilyhammer and A Bronx Tale. News of his death was confirmed by his brother Robert Sirico, who told fans on Facebook: ‘It is with great sadness, but with incredible pride, love and a whole lot of fond memories, that the family of Gennaro Anthony ‘Tony’ Sirico wishes to inform you of his death on the morning of July 8, 2022. ‘The family is deeply grateful for the many expressions of love, prayer and condolences and requests that the public respect its privacy in this time of bereavement.’ His funeral and burial is due to take place on July 13 in Brooklyn, New York, with memorial donations being requested to go to Wounded Warriors, St Jude’s Hospital and the Acton Institute, to which Sirico was a big contributor. Sirico’s manager Bob McGowan added to PA news agency: He was a very loyal client of 25 years and he’s an ex-army vet and always gave to charities. He’s a big contributor to the Wounded Warriors and would always go to children’s hospitals. He was a great guy, nothing like his character on the Sopranos.’ McGowan added that Sirico had had dementia in the last few years of his life and ‘couldn’t remember things’. Sirico is survived by his two children, Joanne Sirico Bello and Richard Sirico, grandchildren, siblings, nieces, nephews and other relatives. His Sopranos co-stars were among those paying tribute to the actor, with Michael Imperioli, who played Christopher Moltisanti, telling fans he was ‘heartbroken’ at the news. He wrote on Instagram: ‘Tony was like no one else: he was as tough, as loyal and as big hearted as anyone I’ve ever known. ‘We found a groove as Christopher and Paulie and I am proud to say I did a lot of my best and most fun work with my dear pal Tony. ‘I will miss him forever. He is truly irreplaceable. I send love to his family, friends and his many many fans.’ Lorraine Bracco, who played doctor Jennifer Melfi, added: ‘I adore Tony Sirico. A stand up guy who always had my back and who loved my children and my parents.’ Jamie-Lynn Sigler, who played Meadow Soprano, told followers: ‘I have never been able to walk into a room that you were in without you giving me an enormous hug, drenching me in your cologne, and making sure I knew any man that came near me would have to answer to you first. ‘You were tough, and strong, yet sweet and a real artist. There will never ever be anyone like you.’ MORE : James Gandolfini’s age when he started The Sopranos has spun everyone out: ‘A year younger than Jonah Hill?’ MORE : James Gandolfini split massive pay rise with rest of The Sopranos cast: ‘He was one of a kind’ 