Director Bob Rafelson, best known as co-creator of The Monkees and for working with Jack Nicholson on seven films including Five Easy Pieces, has died aged 89. Rafelson died at home in Aspen, Colorado, of natural causes on Saturday, his wife Gabrielle told The Hollywood Reporter. The Oscar nominee had a hand in shaping the swinging sixties on TV in the US with The Monkees, which debuted on NBC in 1966 and was said to have been inspired by the Beatles’ film A Hard Day’s Night – although Rafelson said his idea pre-dated the 1964 movie. Born in New York City on February 21, 1933, Rafelson studied at Dartmouth before being drafted into the US army and worked as a disc jockey in Japan. Rafelson started in TV in 1959 as a story editor on Play of the Week, and he later wrote episodes of The Witness and The Greatest Show on Earth. In 1965, he met producer Bert Schneider, forming Raybert Productions together, which later became BBS Productions. Their first show was The Monkees, for which they ran an open casting call to form a group after being unable to land an already established outfit. Mickey Dolenz, Michael Nesmith, Peter Tork and Davy Jones were chosen for the soon-to-be iconic band and the show ran for two years and earned a 1967 Emmy for Outstanding Comedy Series. Rafelson then moved into cinema during the 1970s, after bringing The Monkees to the big screen with cult box office bomb Head in 1968, where he teamed up with the then little-known Jack Nicholson on the screenplay. Nicholson then took a part in 1969’s Easy Rider, directed by and starring Dennis Hopper, and produced by an uncredited Rafelson. Easy Rider was the first in a list of influential independent movies that Rafelson worked on, which also included directing and writing Five Easy Pieces (1970), for which he was nominated for two Oscars, and 1972’s The King of Marvin Gardens, both of which starred Nicholson. The Chinatown actor also appeared in Rafelson’s films The Postman Always Rings Twice in 1981 with Jessica Lange, 1992’s Man Trouble and 1996’s Blood & Wine. Rafelson’s other notable movies include Stay Hungry (1976) with Jeff Bridges, Sally Field and Arnold Schwarzenegger, 1987’s Black Widow with Debra Winger and 1990’s Mountain of the Moon. He also produced Peter Bogdanovich’s breakthrough The Last Picture Show in 1971, and directed the music video for Lionel Richie’s hit 1983 song All Night Long, which was produced by former Monkee Michael Nesmith. He directed his last film, No Good Deed, in 2002 before retiring. Rafelson is survived by his son Peter from his first marriage to Toby Carr, second wife Gabrielle, their children Ethan and Harper, daughter-in-law Karen and a nephew. Daughter Jessica from his first marriage died aged 10 in 1973 from injuries after a gas stove explosion. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Stone, 64, embraces ‘imperfections’ with carefree bikini snap leaving fans in awe of ‘amazing’ body: ‘Gorgeous inside and out’ MORE : Gogglebox Australia star Di Kershaw dies at the age of 76: ‘She was great talent – the producers struck gold when they found her’ 