The moment I met one of my foster sons, David* – who was 13 at the time – I quickly realised he was a huge Arsenal fan. Throughout my life, I had never had any interest in football, but his enthusiasm and passion made me curious. We started watching games together and it became a way to connect with him by discussing results, players and teams. For my birthday, I took David to Emirates Stadium to see his favourite team play. Before we entered the gates, he pulled out a red scarf, flung it over my neck and said: ‘You’re an Arsenal fan now!’ We ran up the stairs to get to our seats in time for kick off and when I saw thousands of dads with their sons of all ages, a tidal wave of emotions overcame me. I felt a great sense of pride, acknowledgment and honour to have been invited into this young man’s world. That’s the power of being a foster carer. You might think the adults are the teachers, but it’s the children like David who have changed my life for the better. There were so many things that initially held me back from looking into becoming a foster carer. I thought that I wouldn’t be able to foster because I am a member of the LGBTQ+ community, single and was privately renting at the time. I also always thought you would have to be Snow White or Mary Poppins – or some sort of perfect human being with no faults, who had taken no wrong turns and constantly have rabbits and baby deer jumping around you… In my mind, the list of reasons why I wouldn’t get approved as a foster carer was endless. But then I saw a flyer from my local authority, Islington Council, in 2016 that busted a lot of these myths around becoming a foster carer. The flyer made me realise that in order to foster, being myself – someone who loves working with children and is dedicated and committed to making a difference to young people’s lives – is enough. When I eventually applied that same year, I was coming out of bereavement – after both of my parents passed away within a very short time frame – and my life was going through a realignment. Everything in my life was up for review. The process of becoming a foster carer is very thorough, but it almost felt therapeutic for me. A lot of the questions were focused on my relationships throughout my life, with my family, friends or partners, and how I dealt with them. I found some of the questions challenging because they were unexpected and stirred a lot of emotions. I was not used to being asked ‘How did this make you feel?’ or ‘How would you do things differently now?’ Within 30 seconds, I would go through a roller coaster of feelings of regret, joy, shame, sadness, grief, or hope. After some of these assessment sessions, I came out feeling like I had just sparred 10 rounds with Mike Tyson! It is quite lengthy as well. The entire process lasted approximately nine months, which felt a bit frustrating at the time, but I now understand why. I participated in lots of brilliant theoretical training, and once I was approved, I felt ready. However, no amount of training can actually prepare you for the moment when a child comes to live with you. I had the first child move in with me within a matter of days after getting approved and I realised very quickly that the children are my teachers and that I am learning from them every day. The first young man I looked after needed somewhere to stay while his foster carer needed a break. He invited me to a world that was right on my door step but I was not aware of. He gave me a crash course in London’s gang culture. During one bus ride, I learned how to recognise different gang members by the trainers they wear and how they leave messages for each other. When I first started fostering, I was very set in my ways. As far as I was concerned, you make your bed in the morning and when you leave the bathroom, you turn the light off. If I do it like that, then everyone else has to. I felt that the children had to come round to my way of thinking, but I have since learnt that everything is a message and all we have to do is listen. I have also learnt that I have to be mindful of what a young person can manage in a particular moment – timing is everything. If I have news to share, which could trigger emotions, I now carefully assess what else is going on in their lives. This could be anything from a parent not wanting to have contact or the outcome of a court case deciding the future of the young person. Did their football team win? What’s going on at school? Have they had contact with their parents? Being conscious of that makes a huge difference. Once I had the ability to walk in my foster child’s shoes in real time, everything changed. Empathy is very powerful and a wonderful skill to have. Over the six years I have been fostering, I have helped a young person transition into adulthood, I have connected with a young disabled man who struggled to find opportunities outside London’s gang culture. I have had in-depth conversations with a young girl who was self-harming just to be heard. I have been introduced to cultures from other countries by helping young asylum seekers. Our fostering home is a culture club filled with love where everyone is welcome. It’s not all been easy. There were times – especially at the beginning – where my foster child and I had arguments. It became clear through their reactions that I was being given an insight into how things were dealt with in the past – it was a message to me that I needed to do something different before they would react differently and anything could change. I would often read reports about the child’s history and then see how they reacted in real time to understand why they dealt with things in a certain way. If their previous home was very chaotic with lots of shouting, then that’s how they learnt to get needs met – by shouting for the simplest things. I have also learnt that – not just as a foster carer, but in any type of relationship – the first person you have to care about is yourself. Putting all your care into someone else can leave nothing for you and will make you head for derailment. The biggest lesson I’ve learnt is that I cannot make a young person’s fear go away, but I can help make it smaller and easier to manage. I am currently fostering a child who came to live with me when they were 13 – they’re almost 19 now. He once told me that – if it wasn’t for me – he would not be able to have a relationship with his dad. To me this was a huge compliment – one I will treasure forever. Fostering is everything to me. It has helped me improve my relationships with my family, neighbours, baker and bus driver. I wake up every morning and ask myself ‘what can I do today, to be a better person, so I can be a better person for my foster children?’ I see every day as a gift and I hope to foster for a long time, as I am able to connect with a young person in a way that enriches both of our lives. If you are considering fostering and you identify as LGBTQ+, please don’t let that stop you – and hesitate like I did. When things get challenging, my mantra is that I am here for the child to be ‘a rainbow in their storm’. * Name has been changed If you’re thinking of fostering, you can find out more information on the All About Fostering website here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Foster mum with 20 children discovered brain tumour at routine £10 eye test MORE : Map reveals where LGBT adoption is still illegal MORE : I have fostered 27 children and every single one has become part of my family