Adele, Piers Morgan and Phillip Schofield are among the stars leading the celebrations for England’s Lionesses after they won the Euros 2022 in a stunning victory against Germany. Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly led the Lionesses to their glorious 2-1 triumph at Wembley Stadium, following a gripping game that went into extra time. It’s a historic win as, not only is it England’s first major trophy since the men’s team won the World Cup in 1966, but it’s also the first time an England team has ever won the European Championships. Congratulating the team, Hello singer Adele wrote in an Instagram post: ‘You did it!! It’s come home!!Congratulations @lionesses what a game changer!! So proud.’ Uncensored host Piers Morgan tweeted: ‘Bloody hell.. it’s come home! Congrats @Lionesses – brilliant.’ Former BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker joined in: ‘Wonderful stuff from the @Lionesses. ‘What a performance over the last few weeks. So happy that my kids are experiencing an England football team winning a major tournament.’ The Spice Girls reshared a photo of the England women’s football squad celebrating on Twitter, writing: ‘Congratulations @Lionesses True #GirlPower right there.’ Love Island star Amy Hart revealed: ‘I’m actually crying.’ Match of the Day host Gary Lineker tweeted: ‘The @Lionesses have only gone and done it, and Kelly is England’s heroine, bra none.’ Singer Katrina from Katrina and the Waves joined in: ‘Just landed at Heathrow and we all switched on our phones to hear @Lionesses have WON !! Such good news. CHAMPIONS.’ This Morning presenter Phillip Schofield reacted in his Instagram stories, writing: ‘Can hardly breathe here.’ He added: ‘OMFG! You legends! Congratulations to every single person who worked so hard to get to this triumphant moment.’ Singer Tom Grennan showed appreciation for the Lionesses’ manager Sarina Weigman and wrote simply: ‘The gaffa.’ Comedian David Baddiel said he can finally say the lyrics ‘it’s come home’ from his football anthem Three Lions. The comedian recorded the classic football song with Frank Skinner and rock band Lightning Seeds back in 1996. Following England’s victory at the Euro 2022, Baddiel tweeted: ‘Home. In fact it’s come home. A sentence I thought I’d never write. I’ve gone. Thank you Lionesses.’ The Lionesses began their road to victory during the second-half when Toone scored their first goal. Reacting to the moment, Good Morning Britain presenter Kate Garraway tweeted: ‘Lotof screaming going on right now in our house!! Come on @Lionesses.’ Her GMB co-host and weatherman Alex Beresford tweeted: ‘GOAL come on!!!!!’ Athlete and former Dancing On Ice star Perri Shakes Drayton tweeted from the stands at Wembley: ‘And the crowd are going wildddd. Come on England.’ Earlier in the day, former England ace Michael Owen, whose daughter Gemma Owen is in this year’s Love Island final, wrote: ‘Good luck today @Lionesses! You’ve done the country proud throughout the tournament and we’d all love to see you go on and lift the trophy!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chloe Kelly leaves BBC viewers in hysterics after ditching mic mid-interview to join Lionesses for Sweet Caroline MORE : Coleen Rooney in great spirits watching Manchester United friendly in first appearance since winning Rebekah Vardy trial 