Katherine Ryan is concerned for Tasha Ghouri when she leaves Love Island after watching the contestant break down over coming bottom in the public vote. Until this week, Tasha and Andrew Le Page found themselves in the bottom three every time the public voted for their favourite islanders, proving a hard pill to swallow for Tasha who was left in pieces. Her reaction confused Luca Bish and several islanders after she had just officially made Andrew her boyfriend, while comedian Katherine is more concerned how Tasha’s going to cope when she reads hurtful messages on social media. After stressing the importance of duty of care to ITV, which provides training on dealing with social media and adjusting to life back home, in her latest episode of her Telling Everybody Everything podcast, Katherine asked: ‘How the hell they are letting Tasha continue to be in the process when she clearly will not be able to handle criticism when she gets out?’ ‘Has anyone said to Tasha, “yeah there will be people who are not going like you.” She still hasn’t even had access to social media or anything else. She’s just in the villa learning that the public aren’t voting for her as much as everyone else and she’s still crying. ‘Wait until you come out!‘ warned the comic. ‘Not that she’s a bad person, or anyone should be able to make nasty comment online, but the reality of the matter is they do. ‘These contributors have to have the type of robust personalities to handle it when they come out because it is always going to be so much worse than when they anticipated.’ Katherine added that she knows ‘from experience’ after working on various TV shows, Love Island producers will have experts on hand to make sure the islanders are making ‘healthy decisions’. ‘Everytime she gets voted low by the public she has absolute breakdown,’ she continued. ‘She seems to care so much about public opinion and what people think. Is she in favour, is she out of favour? ‘The fact she keeps ending up in the bottom she absolutely implodes. She says, “it knocks your confidence, you don’t understand!” Yes I understand, it sucks, it hurts but if you’re not someone who can handle it then you are absolutely in the wrong industry. ‘Lovely girl, beautiful girl, but get out of showbiz exactly now while you still can.’ One contestant Katherine is confident will be absolutely fine once she’s left the villa, however, is Gemma Owen, who she accurately called the ‘Yoda’ of the villa and rightly so. Since the recording of Katherine’s podcast which was released on Tuesday, Tasha has stood up to Luca Bish and Dami Hope after they repeatedly targeted her in various challenges and called her ‘fake’. After winning over Love Island fans, Tasha and Andrew both sailed through the latest public vote and, helpfully, the tide is turning in their favour. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment on this story. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm. Katherine Ryan’s Telling Everybody Everything podcast is excellent and available to download on Spotify. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 