Today the stars are bringing positive vibes to all the signs, from romantic opportunities to sparkling social encounters. Libra, you might make some beneficial connections today, and perhaps even widen your friendship group. And with the sun moving into your sign from today, Leo, you should seize the moment and try something new. It could be rewarding in the long run! Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 23, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 Getting along well with someone? Perhaps you can’t get enough of them, Aries. As Mercury forges a lovely aspect with Jupiter, this can be a sign of positive developments that bring you closer to them. If you have romantic feelings, be prepared to take your time. You may start out as friends, then progress from there. Want to collaborate? It could be a success for both of you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may have a lot to contend with over coming days, but making time for someone and sharing advice or even just listening, can make them feel better. But it’s not just one way, as this bond could become something you begin to treasure. You might need someone you can confide in over coming weeks, and this person may be the one to boost morale and leave you feeling good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A get-together or other event could be good for your soul, Gemini. The chance to chat and the topics discussed, might gift you with fresh ideas of your own. But you’ll also be excited to talk about anything and everything, and may discover much of interest along the way. The Sun newly in Leo, encourages you to liaise with those who build confidence and leave you upbeat. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Although it may seem wise to micro-manage a project, going with the flow could turn out to be much more productive. A sterling aspect can coincide with lucky coincidences and vibrant possibilities. And an unexpected encounter might open up a whole new world to you. If you have patience and are adventurous things will happen, especially once you make a commitment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Keen to zero in on something that gives you the feel-good factor? It could be a self-help book, an online course or the chance to connect with a mentor, who can ramp-up your belief in yourself. You may need just a little encouragement to leave your comfort zone. Are you contemplating something new? With Jupiter rewinding, it might not pan out right away. Take the long view! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have more than one choice available? Tuning into your intuition could help you to know what you want. Plus, a dynamic focus on an intense zone, might find you eager to pour your energy into something, but uncertain what. Walking in peaceful surroundings, away from too much hustle and bustle, can still your over-active mind Virgo, allowing the answers to filter through. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Being in good company might be restorative, encouraging you to do more socializing than you have. The idea of widening your circle of friends or joining groups of interest, can connect you with others who share your ideas and goals. A meeting may be fortuitous, and you’ll sense immediately that this is one connection which could develop into a lasting bond, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Looking for instant results? You may feel it isn’t worth grasping an opportunity if the outcome takes ages to manifest. If you can be patient, it might be worth thinking about, Scorpio. Like matured wine, an idea that requires careful nurturing could turn out to be one of your best successes. A relaxed approach may see you enjoy other spin-offs and getting excellent results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Keen to get away from it all? A sterling aspect can bring out your love of adventure, and may be the inspiration behind a trip. As Mercury aligns with Jupiter retro, it might be the memories associated with a previous journey that encourages you to go again. There are certain places that seem to rejuvenate us, and you could find this applies to you. Enjoy this chance to recharge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 As brainy Mercury forges a positive angle with jovial Jupiter, you could benefit from good news or even a release of funds that might go towards a household project, a family trip or some other well-deserved cause. And if you haven’t indulged in any self-care lately, then someone may gift you a chance to unwind at a spa or encourage you to take a soothing break. Enjoy it, Capricorn! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 While you could put financial concerns ahead of your enjoyment, the same may not be true today, when a sterling aspect between Mercury and exuberant Jupiter, might see you ready to kick back and do something exciting. A social event that rejuvenates you can be very welcome. You’ll return feeling energized because you have connected with someone refreshingly different. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If you’ve been waiting for news of an opportunity, job or other opening, you could hear something very soon, Pisces. And while there may be some delay before it’s fully up and running, use this chance to register your interest and prepare for when it does get off the ground. If it offers more money, the option to learn new skills or is very exciting, you’ll be happy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 17 to July 23 and Mercury's move into Leo MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you