Ronan Keating playfully admitted that he’s been on edge after seeing his son Jack enter the Love Island villa during Friday’s episode. The 23-year-old singleton has been getting on well in the villa so far and fans saw him bonding with Gemma Owen, with the two sharing stories of celebrity dads. So far, it looks like Jack has his sights set on the international dressage rider, 19, but it seems unlikely that her head will turn from fishmonger Luca Bish. Before making his way into Casa Amor, the Life Is A Rollercoaster hitmaker, 45, took to Instagram to repost Jack’s own Love Island announcement, writing: ‘Let’s go.’ However, a couple of days have passed and it seems like Ronan’s excitement has turned into panic. Speaking to co-hosts Alex Jones and Jermaine Jenas during Monday’s edition of The One Show, Alex asked how he felt watching his son getting his graft on. ‘I’m a mess, I’m an absolute mess,’ Ronan said. ‘I mean Storm [stepmum] is doing better than I am. We all miss him in the house, we really do, little brother Cooper and his little sister Coco and Missy, we all miss him.’ ‘His episode last night, he seemed a little bit quiet, he seemed a little bit nervous, which is understandable I guess. I’m just worried about him in there with those other guys,’ he added. The Boyzone star also revealed that Jack had been on the short list for ‘six weeks’ but told his family that he was heading to Spain ‘a week before.’ ‘He’s been in Spain for a couple of weeks in lockdown, and we haven’t been able to talk to him,’ he said. ‘It’s been silence and then he appeared on the TV last night and it was really scary,’ Ronan chuckled. Ronan has five kids – Jack, Missy, 21 (who was initially rumoured to make a Love Island appearance), and Ali, 16, who he shares with ex Yvonne Connolly, and Cooper, five, and Coco, two, who he shares with his wife Storm. In May, Ronan had admitted that while he’s a big Love Island fan, he would struggle tuning in to watch Missy find love. ‘I don’t know how I’d feel about it,’ he said on Good Morning Britain. ‘I wouldn’t be able to watch.’ The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: How does Gemma Owen know Casa Amor’s Billy Brown? MORE : Laura Whitmore tries to crack Love Island jokes with Stranger Things star Jamie Campbell Bower 