Love Island’s Millie Court and Liam Reardon have split after one year together. The couple, who were crowned winners of the 2021 series of the ITV2 dating show, decided to go their separate ways after growing apart, sources claim. Millie confirmed the news of the break-up on her Instagram Stories where she admitted it had been a ‘tough decision’ to make. ‘Hi everyone, to avoid any speculation Liam and I wanted to share with you that we have separated,’ she penned. ‘It’s been a tough decision and I am gutted but it’s ultimately what is best for us right now. ‘Thank you to every single one of you for supporting our relationship. ‘Nothing will ever take away from the amazing experience we shared in Love Island and the past year and I wish Liam all the best in everything he does. ‘We’re both ready for new chapters and I’m excited for what’s next.’ Liam, 22, shared a similar statement, where he said he is ‘honestly sogutted’ that the pair have ‘sadly separated’. ‘But thank you to every single one of you for supporting ourrelationship,’ he wrote. ‘Nothing will ever take away from the amazing experience we shared in Love Island and the past year we’ve been so lucky to both come into each other’s lives. ‘We will both continue to be friends and I will remain as Millie’s biggest supporter in all that she does and I know she will always do amazing. ‘We’re both ready for new chapters and I’m excited for what’s next. Again I just want to thank you all for supporting us on what’s been an incredible journey (sic)’ In November, Liam and Millie shared photos from inside their new home after reportedly splashing £1million on their love nest. The pair had been in a long-distance relationship since leaving the villa, with Liam in Wales and Millie in Essex, however, Liam left his native Wales for England and moved to Millie’s hometown. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 