Mick Jagger’s iconic pout clearly runs in the family as his youngest child, Deveraux, has got the look down to a tee. Deveraux Jagger, five, was seen posing with his mum Melanie Hamrick, 35, in a recent social media snap as the American ballerina told her followers he was her ‘date’ the night before. The tot was seen rocking black skinny trousers and a white shirt, with shaggy blonde hair and the classic Jagger pout as he posed for the mirror selfie with his mother. Deveraux is the youngest of Mick’s eight children and is clearly a fan of his Rolling Stone rocker father as he was recently spotted at one of his shows. While Mick performed with the band at British Summer Time in London’s Hyde Park, Deveraux was seen at the side of the stage having the time of his life in a black Spider-Man costume. As well as Deveraux, five, Mick also has seven other children with four other women, with the eldest, daughter Karis – who he shares with actress and singer Marsha Hunt – being 46 years older, at 51. He also has daughter Jade Jagger, 50, with then-wife Bianca, as well as daughters Elizabeth, 38, and Georgia-May, 30, and sons James, 36, and Gabriel, 24 with Jerry Hall. He also has a son, Lucas, 23, with Brazilian model Luciana Gimenez, and has five grandchildren and one great-grandchild. The Rolling Stones were last month forced to postpone two dates on their Sixty tour after Mick contracted Covid-19. He updated fans afterwards to say: ‘Thank you all so much for your well wishes and messages the last few days. ‘I’m feeling much better and can’t wait to get back on stage next week! The Amsterdam date has been rescheduled for July 7 and we’ll have news of the new Bern date ASAP.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rolling Stones at BST Hyde Park review: After 60 years Mick still has moves like Jagger as band deliver satisfaction MORE : Sir Mick Jagger speaks out after Covid diagnosis and insists he’s feeling ‘much better’ 