Four people are dead and two injured after the USA’s latest gun massacre saw a man open fire at a shopping mall in Indiana. The attack only ended when a ‘good samaritan’ shot the gunman dead, according to police. One of the injured is a 12-year-old girl – but details about the other victims have not been released. The incident at the Greenwood Park Mall is the latest rampage in a country plagued by shootings, and comes as a damning new report blasted police over their handling of a gun killing spree at a school in Texas. Mark Myers, the mayor of Greenwood, Indiana, confirmed in a statement that a mass shooting had taken place at the local mall, in a town about 10 miles (16 kilometers) south of downtown Indianapolis, the state capital. The gunman, who has not been identified, entered the mall’s food court at about 6pm local time (11pm GMT) carrying a rifle and several magazines of ammunition, Chief Jim Ison of the Greenwood Police Department explained. Confirming that the young girl was among those injured, Mr Ison added that no motive had been established. ‘Four have been confirmed deceased,’ he explained – adding that the total included the attacker. Mr Ison praised the intervention of the armed passer-by who ended the attack, calling the 22-year-old man a ‘good Samaritan’. ‘The real hero of the day is the citizen that was lawfully carrying a firearm in that food court and was able to stop this shooter almost as soon as he began,’ he said. ‘This has shaken us to our core. This isn’t something we have seen in Greenwood before,’ the police chief continued. ‘It’s absolutely horrendous.’ He added that a suspicious backpack was confiscated after being found in a bathroom near the food court. Authorities were searching the mall for any other victims, but assistant chief of police Chris Bailey said he believes the shooting was contained to the food court. ‘We are sickened by yet another type of incident like this in our country,’ he explained. Other shoppers were evacuated from the mall. It is the latest attack in a wave of gun violence plaguing the United States, where about 40,000 deaths a year are caused by firearms, according to the Gun Violence Archive. The latest atrocities include a gunman targeting a July 4 parade in an affluent Chicago suburb, killing seven people and injuring at least three dozen. That incident followed two massacres in May that saw 10 Black people shot dead at an upstate New York supermarket, and 19 children and two teachers slain at the elementary school in Texas. The recent surge in shootings has reignited fierce debate about gun regulations. Later this week, a committee in the US House of Representatives’ will discuss a bill that could ban assault weapons for the first time in nearly 20 years. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Moment Uvalde cop stops to use hand sanitizer during school mass shooting