Victoria Beckham’s daughter Harper has made it clear she’s not a fan of her fashion back in the day, branding her Spice Girls skirts as ‘unacceptable’. The former popstar might be a well-respected fashion designer, but it seems Harper, 10, isn’t afraid to tell her mum what she really thinks. ‘She’s not one of these kids who are going out with a full face of make-up and a crop top,’ the star said of her daughter. ‘She actually said to me recently, “Mummy, I’ve seen some pictures of you when you were in the Spice Girls and your skirts were just unacceptable. They were just too short.”‘ Safe to say, Victoria’s husband David did not help the situation. ‘Then David piped up and said, “Absolutely, Harper! They really, really were.” And she was actually quite disgusted at how short my skirts were,’ she added to Vogue Australia as she covered the magazine. ‘I said, “Are you never going to wear skirts like that?” She said, “Absolutely not.” We’ll see.’ The Spice Girls are definitely remembered for their iconic fashion choices, from Geri Horner’s Union Jack dress to Mel B’s leopard print. The band formed in 1994, with Victoria still being best pals with Geri, Mel B, Mel C, and Emma Bunton – but fans are still waiting for all five to reunite. We live in hope! In more recent years, Victoria’s fashion choices have changed a lot – but it seems she might be going back to her roots, as she recently opened up about ‘spicing up’ her wardrobe. ‘For quite a few years, the more time I spent working in fashion, the more clothes I wore and I ended up buried under all these fashion “layers,”’ she explained to Grazia. ‘So, last year, when I was in Miami and starting to go out again, post-Covid, I wanted a change. I wanted to feel sexy again.’ Meanwhile, the mum-of-four has been spending some quality time with her daughter after Harper’s trip to Venice with dad David, recently sharing a sweet video of her trying on makeup. ‘She learned from the best,’ Victoria declared in her caption. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz drink £520 bottle of wine during St Tropez honeymoon MORE : Gemma Owen finally speaks about famous dad Michael Owen on Love Island and casually drops Beckham link 