Summer will soon kick up a notch as Britain enjoys ‘above average temperatures’ in the coming weeks. Temperatures could hit 28°C on Friday and continue into the weekend when sun will shine across much of England. And next week, highs of 32°C are forecast for London and areas in the south east. Even in the north of England, which tends to see more unsettled weather, people will still enjoy the sun as temperatures reach around 28°C. And the warm weather won’t be in any rush to disappear, with sun expected to continue until mid July. Met Office deputy chief meteorologist Rebekah Sherwin, said; ‘The influence of the high pressure is likely to continue across southern areas into the second week of July and at times could be more widespread. ‘Temperatures are expected to be widely above average, especially across the south, with some areas seeing maxima in the high 20s, locally 30°C by this weekend.’ The Met Office’s long term forecast also promises that the sun will be here to stay, but suggests scattered showers could still threaten parts of the country. It says: ‘Generally dry and fine for southern and eastern parts of the UK to start, with light winds and some lengthy spells of sunshine. Feeling warm or very warm, potentially hot in southern England and Wales. ‘Cloudier in northwestern areas with fresh winds and periods of rain, mostly light, arriving on Sunday. Temperatures near normal here but feeling cool in the rain and cloud. ‘Dry weather likely continuing for the south and southwest as we head further into July, though some showers still possible at times.’ Forecasters say while much of England and Wales will enjoy the sunny weather, spurred on by high pressure moving in, much of the north will sadly still face rain and more ‘unsettled’ conditions. The mercury in Scotland will likely hover around 20°C while the rest of the country enjoys a mini-heatwave. Rain will also be ‘persistent’ across western Scotland. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.