Marks & Spencer will remove best before dates from 300 food products in a bid to slash food waste. Instead, staff will use a code to ensure quality and freshness is maintained on shelves. An investigation by the Mail on Sunday last year found that up to £900 million of food is thrown out each year because of misleading labels on fruit and vegetables, as well as dairy products. They have been blamed for the increase in food wastage up and down the UK, as people throw food away once it’s out of date. Best before labels refer to the product’s quality, whereas use by dates refer to how safe the product is to eat. A Government-backed report published in 2017 urged supermarkets to remove ‘best-before’ labels and encourage customers to use their judgement. It stated: ‘For uncut fresh produce, apply “best before” only where this is judged to be necessary/useful in order to help consumers eat – rather than waste – the product. For all other cases, do not apply a date code.’ The report found it is only best to keep best before labels on products which have a short shelf life such as strawberries. The new M&S initiative is being rolled out across stores this week. The supermarket recently launched a banana waste reduction scheme, which allows customers to buy a minimum of three ready-to-eat bananas for just 25p, along with recipes to go with them. It also used unsold baguettes and boules – which are baked fresh daily – to create frozen garlic bread for customers to buy the next day. Andrew Clappen, director of food technology at Marks & Spencer, said: ‘We’re determined to tackle food waste. ‘Our teams and suppliers work hard to deliver fresh, delicious, responsibly-sourced produce at great value and we need to do all we can to make sure none of it gets thrown away. ‘To do that, we need to be innovative and ambitious, removing best-before dates where safe to do so, trialling new ways to sell our products and galvanising our customers to get creative with leftovers and embrace change.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.