A retired police officer who was shot by his wife after being accused of molesting children at her daycare center now faces over a dozen child sex abuse charges. James Weems, 57, has been accused of molesting at least three children at the Lil Kidz Kastle Development Center, a daycare owned by his wife of five years, Shanteari Weems. The Washington, DC Metropolitan Police Department responded to a call at the Mandarin Oriental hotel just before 8pm on July 21 to find James Weems suffering from a gunshot wound. When police arrived they asked Shanteari Weems, 50, whether there had been someone shot inside the hotel room, to which she replied, ‘he’s a child molester,’ according to court documents obtained by Fox5. Her husband was seriously injured in the shooting and transported to an area hospital, where he continues to receive treatment. Shanteari Weems had reportedly confronted her husband about accusations made by several parents of children who attend the daycare she owns and operates. After her confrontation, the situation escalated and she shot him, according to court records. Officials have not shared an update on his condition. Two firearms were recovered from the hotel room, along with a notebook detailing Shanteari Weems’ plans to hurt her husband. She reportedly told police she only wanted to hurt him, not kill him. Despite this she was arrested and charged with assault with intent to kill. She’s expected in court on Friday. ‘The detectives’ investigation revealed that this offense was domestic in nature,’ DC police said in a statement. According to Baltimore County Police, a warrant was issued Wednesday for the arrest of James Weems after allegations that he sexually abused at least three children while working at his wife’s daycare were made. Detectives began investigating him ‘earlier this month when they were notified of the abuse.’ When he is released from jail he will be arraigned, officials said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.