For this week’s How I Do It, we hear from Don*, who says his relationship ‘has benefited from being sexless’. Don is 41, straight, and married with two kids. He’s been with his wife for a total of 18 years and married for 12 of those years. They sleep in the same bed, hold hands when they’re out, and are cuddling and kissing more, but they haven’t had sex in almost a year and Don isn’t sure he ever wants that to change. The couple used to do it pretty often in the early days, but they spent much of the last decade having a low amount of sex. They’d find themselves arguing about stuff like what things they’d do in the bedroom and how often they’d do them. Now that the pressure to have sex has been taken off the table in their marriage, Don and his wife are a lot more chilled. He says they spend less time arguing and more time laughing and enjoying life both as a couple and as a family. ‘We love each other and love making each other happy,’ Don says. ‘Our relationship might be sexless, but it’s certainly not loveless.’ Without any further ado, here’s what a week in Don’s love life looks like. There’s not a lot going on today. The kids are off school, but the weather’s a bit rough, so we played in the house. In the evening we just had tea, put the kids to bed and went to sleep ourselves. Today, my wife and I just binge-watched Netflix to catch up on a programme we’ve been enjoying together. As a result, we went to bed late. Today we both had a long day at work and ended up knackered – likely made worse by our late night last night. We had tea, and then took the kids to gymnastics. My wife and I ended the night watching TV downstairs when the kids went to sleep and then took ourselves to bed for an early night. We had a cuddle and kiss before going to sleep. We were both working again, and the kids were at school. I went to play football after tea, then came home and put the kids to bed. We decided to watch TV in bed and lay cuddling each other. We gave each other a back massage and an all-over tickle. Then we cuddled and went to sleep. We both woke up early to enjoy a rare day off together. We cuddled and had a big kiss in bed for a while, then got up and sorted out the kids. After taking them to school, we had a day out walking along the beach and went for lunch. We held hands often, and just enjoyed the day. That night, we watched TV in bed again before falling asleep. The kids stayed at their grandparents today. We went out for a date night, which consisted of a meal out and a trip to the cinema. We got home late and, as it was hot, my wife slept with her top off, which is not something she normally does. I just wore a pair of briefs, and we cuddled ourselves to sleep after a big kiss. We woke up to a house quiet, as the kids stayed out. My wife and I stroked and massaged each other and enjoyed some proper snog-type kisses. We lay on each other cuddling, then got up and ready to collect the children. We had a family day out that sadly ended early thanks to the rain. Tired, we went to bed early, cuddled and fell asleep. *Name has been changed Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘Since getting with my boyfriend, I’ve realised I could be pansexual – here’s my week in sex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I can’t remember the last time I had sex – now I’m dating myself’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I came out of a 20-year relationship and started swinging – this is my week in sex’ 