Netflix is slowly but surely cracking down on account sharing and this time it has a new update for users who want to share accounts. The streaming giant has been carefully exploring different ways to charge people a bit more for sharing their accounts. In March 2022, it launched an ‘add extra member’ feature in Chile, Costa Rica, and Peru. Starting next month, Netflix is introducing an alternative ‘add a home’ feature in Argentina, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. With the new ‘add a home’ feature, each Netflix account – whatever the plan – will include one home where subscribers can enjoy Netflix on any of their devices. They can buy additional homes to use Netflix outside of this primary ‘home’. For this users will have to pay an extra £2.49 per month per home. Members on the Basic plan can add one extra home, Standard up to two extra, and Premium up to three extra. This does not affect how users watch Netflix when travelling outside the ‘home’ on their tablet, laptop or mobile. Subscribers will also be able to control where their account is being used and remove homes at any time from the account settings page. The company said it’s trying to be ‘as thoughtful as possible’ about how it charges for use across multiple homes. It’s unclear if and when the feature would be rolled out to other countries. It is estimated that more than 100 million households are sharing their Netflix passwords. The seemingly harmless practice that’s become the norm in most households is costing the company millions in revenue. ‘Today’s widespread account sharing between households undermines our long term ability to invest in and improve our service,’ said Chengyi Long, Netflix’s Director of Product Innovation. Still reeling from a record loss in subscribers, it looks like Netflix is treading carefully when it comes to charging for account sharing, starting only with a few countries. The company said it lost 200,000 subscribers in its first quarter, short of its forecast of adding 2.5 million subscribers. Suspending service in Russia after the Ukraine invasion has also cost Netflix 700,000 members. Last week, Netflix announced that it was introducing a cheaper subscription plan with adverts. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Netflix for comment. MORE : Netflix is introducing a cheaper subscription plan with adverts MORE : Will I be able to use my Netflix abroad?