When it comes to investing in beauty and skincare, it can be difficult to know if brands’ claims are really true and something is worth your hard-earned cash. That’s why, as a rule, it’s best to ensure that declarations of dramatic results or unique formulations are backed up by real customers – which this cult eye product most certainly is. Proto-col’s The Eye Lift Serum has been dubbed a ‘non-invasive alternative to botox’, with shoppers saying it provides ‘instant results’ against puffiness, dark circles, and fine lines. When the £35 product was launched in May this year, the brand sold out of three years’ worth of stock in just a month, as word spread of its lifting powers. One customer, who rated Eye Lift five stars, said: As a 76-year-old lady, I’ve certainly got a few lines and wrinkles,’ while another wrote: ‘This product literally took ten years off me immediately.’ ‘Within two days of using eye lift I started noticing the difference under my eye,’ said one more shopper, adding: ‘I have been using it for approx 10 days and boy oh boy what a difference. ‘It has made me look and feel years younger – highly recommend.’ Not only does it walk the walk when it comes to results, you can 30% off this vegan skincare staple in Proto-col’s summer sale – so if you were thinking of giving it a go, there’s no better time. Normally priced at £34.95, The Eye Lift is available for £24.47 in the Proto-col summer sale. That’s far less expensive than a number of similar products on the market, and a whole lot cheaper than a round of botox. The Eye Lift is an effective mineral serum that delivers immediate results in just three minutes, using light-reflecting technology, triple-action peptides, collagen, and botanical extracts to transform skin for up to eight hours. Use after cleansing, making sure to keep your regular moisturiser or oil away from the eye area so the serum can be as effective as possible. You should see results quickly, but try to wait until the serum has dried before applying makeup and don’t stretch the area. This will help avoid any creasing. Developed for delicate skin, a high-performing peptide complex called Argireline in The Eye Lift works on the neuromuscular level to instantly smooth and reduce puffiness. This miracle ingredient also helps prevent the formation of wrinkles, while hyaluronic acid boosts hydration in the skin for a plumper, more youthful-looking complexion. It’s also made in the UK, not tested on animals, and comes in recyclable packaging. Fancy giving it a go? Get The Eye Lift for 30% off in the Proto-col sale – and bag up to 50% off the brand’s range of science-led skincare – which lasts until July 31. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.