Chloe Madeley and James Haskell have been busy getting their house ready for their new arrival as the couple were seen filling up a skip outside. The pair, who are expecting their first child next month, were seen heaving items they no longer needed into a skip in the final weeks before their baby arrives. The heavily pregnant fitness guru, 34, was seen wearing a large sweatshirt over her bump and tracksuit bottoms as she chucked boxes in the container. Former English rugby union player James, 37, was seen standing in the skip to squash the load down so they could fit as much as possible in before it was taken away. Chloe and James, who got married in 2018, moved into their London home in March, which they called their ‘first marital home’, after living in the Midlands for six years. The pair’s nesting period comes after Chloe opened up on the difficult pregnancy she has been having, including experiencing fainting spells. She told her Instagram followers about the things she learned during her first pregnancy, adding: ‘Walking is actually more uncomfortable than lifting weights. ‘I wish I’d taken the first sniff of dropping iron levels more seriously, and overhauled my diet and supplements/ medication approach, instead of thinking some Spatone and vitamin C in the morning would sort me right out. ‘If I had, I would have avoided a lot of scary moments like fainting on/in various modes of transport, and generally feeling like I can’t breathe, as well as looking like a goth.’ She continued: ‘Being left alone in your third trimester feels intensely overwhelming. It’s okay to come off social media and refocus your priorities.’ Chloe added that despite having a difficult time with some of the pregnancy, she was still ‘loving’ the experience. The couple had announced their pregnancy in February and have revealed they are expecting a baby girl. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chloe Madeley has collapsed on ‘various modes of transport’ during difficult pregnancy MORE : ‘You come up with the most remarkable twaddle’: GMB’s Richard Madeley shot down after asking rail trade unionist Mick Lynch if he’s a Marxist 