The Love Island boys will be tempted by six new girls set to enter the villa tonight, and Dami Hope and Luca Bish have both hinted their heads could turn. Dami and Luca are currently part of the two most solid couples on the island, currently paired up with Indiyah Polack and Gemma Owen respectively. However, we’ve seen some massive twists in the past as a result of Casa Amor, and this year is sure to be no different. Tonight will see six bombshells drafted in for the boys, and Dami and Luca, as well as Jacques O’Neill, are already hinting there could be ‘trouble’ ahead. The boys will go outside and are soon greeted by six new girls, as Dami says: ‘These girls are phenomenal, they’re beautiful. Literally, no jokes about it. I’m not gonna lie… ‘I feel like we’re in trouble. I think we’re in trouble man.’ Meanwhile, fellow islander Jacques adds: ‘Santa’s delivered trust me… he has brought every single present I wanted.’ But will Indiyah and Paige find their men have stayed loyal at the end of the carnage of Casa Amor? Later on, Luca gets chatting to newcomer Mollie Salmon, and talk quickly turns to… fish. Mollie says to the fishmonger: ‘Guess what? My last name’s Salmon.’ Left stumped, Luca replies: ‘No, it’s not!’ ‘I swear to you. Luca Bish, Mollie fish!’ she tells him before Mollie asks him about his coupling with Gemma. ‘So are you quite open still, or semi-closed?’ Mollie quizzes. But Luca admits he’s not completely closed off, telling her: ‘I’m semi-closed, yeah. But you just don’t know what’s happening over there… ‘Listen, if someone were to come in here. It would take something special, and you don’t know.’ Will Luca keep his energy focused on Gemma, or will he find love elsewhere in the days to come? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Gemma Owen immediately rumbles Ronan Keating’s son Jack as they bond over famous family MORE : Love Island’s most shocking Casa Amor moments ever: From Michael Griffiths calling Amber Gill ‘childish’ to Amy Hart declaring her love for Curtis Pritchard 