Ronan Keating has admitted he’s ‘nervous as hell’ to watch his son Jack on Love Island, after he arrived on the show as a Casa Amor bombshell. Jack wasted no time in chatting away to Gemma Owen about having a famous family – and it seems he and his ‘old man’ are very close, with Ronan also throwing his support behind his son. Boyzone star Ronan, 45, opened up about seeing his son on the show, saying: ‘I won’t lie, I’ve been nervous as hell. ‘When I saw him walk into the villa my heart was beating out of my chest.’ He added to MailOnline: ‘I’m excited for him though, this is something he wanted to do, and I’ll always support him and all my kids in their endeavours.’ Ronan has five kids – Jack, 23, Missy, 21 (who was initially rumoured to make a Love Island appearance), and Ali, 16, who he shares with ex Yvonne Connolly, and Cooper, five, and Coco, two, who he shares with his wife Storm. Jack, who works in social media and marketing, made a beeline for Gemma in Casa Amor – although it seems unlikely that her head will turn from Luca Bish. Either way, they’ve been getting on well, with the pair of them chatting about how important family is to them. Jack told Gemma: ‘My mum and my little sister are big into show jumping and everything like that. I know you’re big into it as well.’ Gemma, who is a professional dressage competitor, replied: ‘Oh ok, oh wow! So your mum is a showjumper? So what does your dad do?’ Jack told her his father is ‘a singer’, leaving Gemma to question: ‘A well-known singer?’ Jack answered: ‘Yeah he is, you know Ronan Keating? That’s the old man.’ Noting how important her family is to her, Gemma quizzed him on being ‘family-orientated.’ Jack agreed, saying: ‘I’m very family orientated. It would be something I’d definitely look for in a girl. I’ve got a big crazy family back home.’ As for whether Jack will find a connection in the villa, only time will tell. But if we don’t see a No Matter What singalong at some point, we may riot. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans predict Ekin-su Cülcüloğlu will spark chaos after Tasha Ghoudri’s alarming Andrew Le Page remark MORE : Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti will recouple in Casa Amor predicts dumped islander Antigoni Buxton 