Florence Pugh has expertly shut down body shamers after rocking a sheer Valentino gown and freeing the nipple. The star of Midsommar and Black Widow attended the Valentino Haute Couture Fall/Winter 22/23 fashion show in Rome Italy in head-to-toe bright pink. Her gauzy gown featured a flowing tulle skirt and see-through halter-neck top with ruffled collar – and clearly plenty of people had their opinions on it. Not letting it faze her in the slightest, however, Florence responded on Instagram: ‘Listen, I knew when I wore that incredible Valentino dress that there was no way there wouldn’t be a commentary on it. Whether it be negative or positive, we all knew what we were doing. ‘I was excited to wear it, not a wink of me was nervous. I wasn’t before, during or even now after. ‘What’s been interesting to watch and witness is just how easy it is for men to totally destroy a woman’s body, publicly, proudly, for everyone to see. You even do it with your job titles and work emails in your bio..?’ The 26-year-old went on: ‘It isn’t the first time and certainly won’t be the last time a woman will hear what’s wrong with her body by a crowd of strangers, what’s worrying is just how vulgar some of you men can be. ‘Thankfully, I’ve come to terms with the intricacies of my body that make me, me. I’m happy with all of the ‘flaws’ that I couldn’t bear to look at when I was 14. ‘So many of you wanted to aggressively let me know how disappointed you were by my ‘tiny t*ts’, or how I should be embarrassed by being so ‘flat chested’. I’ve lived in my body for a long time. I’m fully aware of my breast size and am not scared of it. ‘What’s more concerning is…. Why are you so scared of breasts? Small? Large? Left? Right? Only one? Maybe none? What. Is. So. Terrifying.’ Florence went on to ask what has happened to people who are content to be ‘loudly upset’ by the size of her boobs, and ordered them to ‘grow up.’ She finished her post by saying: #f**kingfreethef**kingnipple’. Many have shared the love for Florence in the comments, with Billie Piper writing: ‘Never looked better. You are simply stunning. Beautiful beautiful women.’ Nicola Coughlan said: ‘Adore you 💗’ while Joey King added: ‘You are truly so amazing. You put into words what so many feel but can’t articulate.’ Ariana DeBose wrote: ‘RESPECT. Period. 💖’. Taking to Instagram following the event – where she rubbed shoulders with fashion royalty including Vogue’s Anna Wintour – Florence shared pictures of herself at the event to her grid. ‘Technically they’re covered?’ she pointed out in her caption, referring to the sheer nature of her dress. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Florence Pugh expertly trolls censors in revealing sheer pink gown: ‘Technically they’re covered’ MORE : Zach Braff pictured hanging out with friends after girlfriend Florence Pugh denied dating Will Poulter 