Sir Elton John is doing better than ever at the age of 75, insisting he’s never felt fitter. The music legend is (finally) on his epic tour to say goodbye after 52 years of delighting audiences on the road – and despite it being the last time, he promised he’s got ‘plenty in the tank’. ‘I honestly believe that they’re up there with the best shows I’ve ever done,’ Sir Elton reflected of his Farewell Yellow Brick Road tour. ‘Everyone has been cooped up and not seen any live music for quite some time, so I think people are ready for it.’ ‘My fans have been so patient waiting for these shows to come around so I’m determined to deliver something truly special. For them to welcome me with such love and energy is wonderful,’ he added to the PA news agency. ‘Also, I’ve never felt fitter and in better shape. I’m playing for over 2.5 hours a night and have so much more in the tank.’ Sir Elton went on to say that the shows are ‘poignant’ as he’ll be visiting some of the places for the last time. He kicked off his tour, which had to be delayed due to Covid-19, in June and it’s set to run until 2023. In the midst of it, he played at London’s BST Hyde Park, proving he’s still the greatest showman. The father-of-two recently worried fans when he was pictured in a wheelchair, leading to some speculating about his health. However, he later assured the public he was ‘in top health’ and ‘playing and singing at my very best’ following two sold-out shows in Germany. He explained: ‘It was an extremely long walk to get to the plane, so my team kindly laid on a wheelchair so I could rest my hip after doing the show. That’s all folks.’ Sir Elton’s latest album, The Lockdown Sessions, was released in October 2021 and went straight to the top spot in the UK album charts. Its lead single, Cold Heart (PNAU Remix) with Dua Lipa, also topped the UK charts. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Baz Luhrmann wasn’t actually a huge Elvis fan: ‘I just loved ’70s things… I was very much into David Bowie and Elton John’ MORE : Elton John at BST Hyde Park review: A dazzling farewell from pop music’s greatest showman 