Ian Wright says there has to be a legacy to England’s superb run to the final of the Women’s Euros, with the Arsenal legend as proud of the Lionesses as any England team before them. Sarina Wiegman’s side turned in a superb performance to beat Sweden 4-0 in the semi-finals on Tuesday night in Sheffield. Goals from Beth Mead, Lucy Bronze, Alessia Russo and Fran Kirby saw the home team surge into Sunday’s final at Wembley, where they will take on Germany or France. It has been a spectacular run in their home event, including an 8-0 demolition of Norway in the group stage and a dramatic extra-time win over Spain in the quarter-finals. Wright, who has been a big part of the coverage of the event, says that the success of the England team must be capitalised on and girls everywhere should be at least allowed, if not encouraged, to play as much as boys. ‘Whatever happens in the final now, if girls are not allowed to play football just like the boys can in their PE after this tournament then what are we doing?’ Wright said on the BBC. ‘We’ve got to make sure that they are able to play and they’ve got the opportunity to do this because it’s going to inspire a lot of people. Like there’s no legacy to this? It there’s no legacy after this then what are we doing? ‘Girls should be able to play because this is as proud as I’ve felt of any England side. This is what it’s about.’ Germany and France meet on Wednesday night in Milton Keynes, with the winner going on to face England at Wembley at 5pm on Sunday. Former England and Arsenal defender Alex Scott believes the team’s success is a result of years of hard work to grow the women’s game. ‘It is hard for me not to get emotional right now because the amount of investment which has gone into the women’s game is for a moment like this,’ she said on the BBC. ‘For this team to get to Wembley, they are creating something special and deserve every accolade which is coming their way. ‘But (after) the FA investment, everyone who has been involved in women’s football has been waiting for this moment. It’s special.’ MORE : England reach Women’s Euros final with rousing thrashing of Sweden in Sheffield MORE : As the Lionesses roar their way through the Euros, why women’s football is the fastest growing sport right now For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 