A French bulldog came close to dying of heatstroke after getting too hot in London – despite being in the shade with plenty of water. Three-year-old Trojan had to be rushed to the vet when his temperature his 41C. His owner Marcus Odonker realised something was wrong when his pet collapsed and started having fits. He had thought he would be okay despite the high temperatures, as he had not been in direct sunlight and could keep hydrated during the hot day in south west London on Thursday. Trojan was rushed to Blue Cross vets in Victoria, where he was placed on an ice-cool mat and given a saline drip to bring his temperature down. Veterinary surgeon Laura Vico said: ‘It was touch and go for Trojan. We desperately needed to cool him down as quickly and as safely as possible. ‘He was panting heavily and shaking uncontrollably so we had to really act fast. ‘Trojan was put on an IV drip of saline, placed on a cold matt, had cooling spray to his ears and paws and given oxygen through a mask. ‘He was also given medication to control the seizures. ‘Over the next few hours his temperature began to drop, but he remained under the care of the vet team at Blue Cross animal hospital in Victoria overnight for monitoring. ‘By the morning Trojan was much brighter and walking about so he was well enough to go home, as long as he was kept cool indoors and allowed plenty of rest.’ Vets are now urging pet owners to keep their animals inside over the next few days as the record-breaking heatwave is set to last until Tuesday. Relieved owner Marcus said: ‘Despite just sitting in the shade and with plenty of water I was shocked that Trojan overheated to such dangerous levels. ‘He seemed content and was drinking the water but after a while I noticed he was acting strangely so took him home. ‘At home he got worse, he lay down and started shaking so I called Blue Cross for help. ‘I want to warn dog owners of the dangers in this hot weather, especially for flat faced dogs like Trojan.’ Signs of heatstroke include dogs panting excessively, dribbling or collapsing with a seizure. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.