It’s hot and our makeup is melting. There’s only so much warmth a foundation, lipstick and glitter shadow can take before they start to wear off. But there are some products that stack up better against the heat than others: they either work to prolong the life of whatever you’d applied underneath, or just play well in the face of a heatwave and fade slowly without any drama. Our picks shouldn’t melt on the roasting Tube, slide down your face, or leave you feeling let down when you glance in the mirror. We can’t promise you’ll look as fresh-faced at 5pm as you did at 9am, but these are some of your best bets. Get it for £8. A viral review for this claimed it helped a woman’s makeup remain impeccable through a tragic car accident and emergency surgery… whether or not that’s totally true remains to be seen, but we find it holds up on the sticky Tube. Get it for £34. A beauty classic that sets, mattifies, and prolongs anything that’s underneath it. Get it for £4.50. A bargain that stays put until it’s time to be cleaned off. Get it for £26. Lisa Eldridge is back with new shades in her sell-out formula. As it’s so pigmented, you can apply a swipe and not worry so much about topping it up in the heat as it melts down to a comfortable, even stain on lips. Get it for £24. A holy grail product for plenty of people for good reason. It covers imperfections and stays put, and can be buffed out more widely over the face to avoid wearing foundation in the heat. Get it for £25. You can still wear glitter in the heat – these won’t slide down your face. Get it for £14. Multi-coloured fun in one swipe. Get it for £22. Dab on for minimal no-fuss colour and add a dot to cheeks for a uniform look. Being refillable, you can simply pop a new shade in the packaging when you burn through one. Also, we’ve had this in our bags on hot days and it hasn’t melted. Get it for £29. Apply for a subtle long-lasting flush that sets anything underneath it – without looking flat. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Celebrity makeup artist Isamaya Ffrench – who has created looks for Zendaya and Rihanna – launches her own line MORE : Blush draping is the makeup trend you need to know for a lifted look MORE : This sustainable Aussie makeup brand supports local charities – and you get to pick which one