The Premier League club whose player has been arrested on suspicion of rape is not suspending him. The player, who cannot be named for legal reasons, was arrested in July on suspicion of rape. He was later re-arrested for two more alleged attacks on a different woman. The player has denied the allegations. The player’s club said in a statement to The Athletic: ‘We are aware of the allegations which are currently the subject of a police investigation. ‘We have confirmed that the player denies the allegations and is on police bail pending the outcome of their enquiries. There have been no charges laid and the player can fulfil his professional commitments including permitted travel. ‘We take our commitments and responsibilities seriously and have followed our safeguarding policies and procedures. ‘We will keep this matter under close consideration and will review further if circumstances change.’ The player, in his late 20s, was initially arrested in north London on suspicion of rape and taken into custody on Monday 4 July before allegations from a second woman emerged. A statement from the Metropolitan Police said: ‘On 4 July, an allegation of rape of a woman in her twenties was reported to police. ‘It was reported the alleged rape happened in June 2022.’ The statement added: ‘While in custody, he was further arrested on suspicion of two incidents of rape that were alleged to have been committed in April and June of 2021 against a different woman in her twenties. ‘He has subsequently been released on bail to a date in August. Inquiries into the circumstances are ongoing.’ The Guardian has alleged the club in question were informed of one of the allegations last year, but allowed him to continue to play for the first-team. Reports over the arrest have also claimed the player was due to take part in this year’s World Cup in Qatar, which kicks off in November. MORE : Premier League club knew about rape allegation against arrested player last autumn For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 