Train drivers at nine rail companies are to strike for another 24 hours on August 13 over pay, their union Aslef announced today. They say the firms failed to make a pay offer to help members keep pace with increases in the cost of living. The companies affected are Avanti West Coast and CrossCountry, Greater Anglia, Great Western Railway, Hull Trains, LNER, London Overground, Southeastern and West Midlands Trains. It follows a summer of strikes, with national strikes causing travel misery for millions in June. Drivers are already set to strike this Saturday at seven companies and on Wednesday Aslef members at two more train operators voted overwhelmingly for industrial action. Two days ago, the Transport Salaried Staffs’ Association (TSSA) union  confirmed there would be more strikes at seven train companies on August 18 and 20. Today’s announcement was made as strikes by members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport union and Transport Salaried Staffs Association crippled services today, with only around one in five trains running and some areas having none at all. Mick Whelan, general secretary of Aslef, said: ‘Strikes are always the last resort. ‘We don’t want to inconvenience passengers – our friends and families use public transport too – and we don’t want to lose money by going on strike but we’ve been forced into this position by the companies, who say they have been driven to this by the Government. ‘Many of our members, who were the men and women who moved key workers and goods around the country during the pandemic, have not had a pay rise since 2019. ‘With inflation running at north of 10% that means those drivers have had a real-terms pay cut over the last three years. ‘We want an increase in line with the cost of living – we want to be able to buy, in 2022, what we could buy in 2021. ‘It’s not unreasonable to ask your employer to make sure you’re not worse off for three years in a row. Especially as the train companies are doing very nicely, thank you, out of Britain’s railways – with handsome profits, dividends for shareholders, and big salaries for managers – and train drivers don’t want to work longer for less. ‘Wage rises aren’t fuelling inflation. Excess profiteering is, but the Government isn’t asking companies to cut profits or dividend payments to help manage inflation. Wages are chasing prices, not putting them up. ‘We don’t see why we should forego an increase in salary to keep pace with inflation and help the privatised train companies make even bigger profits to send abroad.’ A row broke out between unions and the Transport Secretary Grant Shapps after he laid out plans to curb industrial action, including stopping coordinated industrial action, limiting picketing and having a cooling off period after strikes. He told the Daily Telegraph: ‘I’m looking at banning strikes by different unions in the same workplace within a set period. We should also place an absolute limit of six pickets at points of Critical National Infrastructure, irrespective of the number of unions involved, and outlaw intimidatory language. ‘Ballot papers should also set out clearly the specific reason for industrial action and the form of action to be taken. In addition, before strike dates are announced, employers should have the right to respond to the issue cited on the ballot paper.’ Unite general secretary Sharon Graham said: ‘If Grant Shapps had his way we would all still be in the workhouse.’ Unison general secretary Christina McAnea said: ‘The Government wants to turn the clock back to Victorian times when children were sent up chimneys and working people ruthlessly exploited.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.