Thunderstorms and heavy downpours are on the way tomorrow, with the Met Office issuing an amber weather warning. It’ll be right after three days of rare red weather alerts for heat across much of Britain caused by a huge plume of hot air sweeping from southern Europe. Already the UK appears to have reached its all-time hottest temperature, and it’s still getting hotter throughout the day. As Brits swelter in 40°C heat, thunderstorms may be seen as welcome relief, but they aren’t without their dangers. Tomorrow’s warning runs from 1pm to 9pm and covers a large chunk of the South East, the West country, Eastern England and the Midlands. Forecasters have said there is a chance of trains and bus services being cancelled or delayed, so make sure to check journey times before you head out. The Met office adds: ‘Spray and sudden flooding could lead to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. ‘There is a slight chance that power cuts could occur and other services to some homes and businesses could be lost.’ A spokesman for the Met Office said: ‘Heavy showers and thunderstorms are expected to develop across central, southern and eastern parts of England on Wednesday afternoon. ‘Whilst most places will see only small amounts of rain there is a chance of some isolated heavy downpours and lightning. ‘Where these occur a few sites could see 20-30 mm in an hour and 50 mm in 3 hours.’ As temperatures passed 40C for the first time in the UK, storms cooled Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly, with temperatures hanging around the low 20s in Penzance. Lucy McRobert, communications manager for the Isles of Scilly Wildlife Trust, said she first heard the ‘rumblings’ of thunder and lightning at around 5.30am. She said it peaked at around 6.30am and 7am and was tracking up from the Bay of Biscay through the night. ‘I don’t think we’ve ever been so relieved to see the sky go black and the rain start pouring,’ said Lucy, 31. She added that the area’s wildlife and community are dependent on the rain and some species have been struggling. ‘Our heathland habitats, our freshwater pools and most importantly our farmland will all be feeling very grateful,’ she said. Will James, 40, an associate director from Redruth, said the thunder was ‘certainly not a surprise’. ‘I’ve learnt to always expect the unexpected in Cornwall. And to take forecasts with a pinch of salt,’ he said. Will tweeted two photos of the view from Redruth towards the hills of Four Lanes and Carn Brea, taken around an hour and a half apart, showing how quickly the weather changed. The first photo, taken at roughly 8.10am, showed a bolt of lightning coming from thick clouds, while the other, taken at 9.30am, was of a mostly blue sky. Will added: ‘That’s Cornwall weather for you. It feels a lot fresher and less muggy now after the storms. It’s nice to know I won’t have to water the plants now.’ Other regions in Cornwall that experienced thunder and lightning included The Lizard peninsula, in the south, and Mount’s Bay, Penzance, and many social media users shared footage of forked lightning striking off the coast. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.