Rafael Nadal has withdrawn from Wimbledon ahead of his semi-final with Nick Kyrgios, meaning the Australian will get a bye into the men’s singles final. The Spaniard has an abdominal injury which he was struggling with during his quarter-final victory on Wednesday and it has proved too much for him to continue at SW19. Spanish publication Marca reported earlier on Thursday that Nadal had suffered a 7mm abdominal tear, but he was still hoping and planning to play his semi-final with Kyrgios on Friday. However, it appears that the injury has proved too severe and Nadal’s chances of winning a Surface Slam and Channel Slam this season are over. The 36-year-old said on Thursday evening: ‘I have a tear in the abdominal, the muscle. I was thinking about the whole day about the decision. But it doesn’t make sense to keep going. If I keep going the injury will get worse and worse. I feel very sad to say that.’ He added: ‘I never thought about the calendar slam, I thought about my diary and my happiness. ‘I make the decision because I don’t believe I can win two matches under the circumstances. It is not only I can’t serve at the right speed, it is I can’t do the normal movement to serve. ‘After that to imagine myself winning two matches, and for respect for myself in some way, I don’t want to go out there and not be competitive enough to play at the level I need to play to achieve my goals.’ Kyrgios will now take on either Novak Djokovic or Cameron Norrie who meet in Friday’s semi-final. The Australian will be competing in his first Grand Slam final. Tweets from the official Wimbledon account read: ‘We’re sad to see it end this way, @RafaelNadal ‘Thank you for another year of unforgettable moments at The Championships. ‘Until next time, Rafa. Wishing you a speedy recovery.’ Nadal defied his family’s wishes by battling through the abdominal injury to record his remarkable five-set victory over Taylor Fritz. The Spaniard’s father Sebastian gestured to his son to call it a day when he went off for treatment during the second set and Nadal shook his head towards his box, with Fritz seemingly waiting for a handshake. ‘They told me I need to retire the match, yes,’ Nadal said. ‘For me it was tough to retire in the middle of the match. ‘Not easy even if I had that idea for such a long time. It’s something that I hate to do. So I just kept trying, and that’s it.’ Asked about the injury after beating Fritz, he told the BBC: ‘The body in general is fine, of course in the abdominal something is not going well, to be honest. ‘I had to find a way to serve a little bit different and for a lot of moments I was thinking I would not be able to finish the match, but the court, the energy is something else so thanks for that.’ On his clash with Kyrgios, he said: ‘First thing, I hope to be ready to play. ‘Nick is a great player on all surfaces, but especially here on grass, he’s having a great grass court season. ‘It’s going to be a big challenge, I need to be at 100% to keep having chances, so that’s what I’m going to try to do.’ MORE : Rafael Nadal defied his dad’s instructions during Wimbledon quarter-final win over Taylor Fritz MORE : Rafael Nadal gives update on injury ahead of Nick Kyrgios Wimbledon semi-final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 