Amber Gill has said she will discuss her sexuality when ‘she is ready’, following the frenzy sparked by a some ‘light-hearted’ tweets while watching Love Island. The 24-year-old reality star shot to fame when she won the hit dating show in 2019 with then-partner Greg O’Shea, but recently made passing reference to having ‘switched teams’. The son-to-be published author has now attempted to settle the debate in a new interview, clarifying that she doesn’t feel the need to say anything else while she is single. ‘I’ll say what I want to say when I’m ready. There’s no need to speculate, we can all see what I’m saying. When I’m ready to say what I want to say, then I will. I don’t feel like I want to say anything whilst I’m single,’ she stated. ‘All this speculation makes it harder for people to want to say how they really feel and talk about their sexuality,’ the TV star shared in a clip from an upcoming episode of the Secure The Insecure podcast, obtained by The Sun. She added: ‘Me putting out that tweet, I got anxiety last night … I was only trying to make a light-hearted joke about Love Island. Amber also took to her social media to comment on the furore sparked, showing herself up close and chewing gum before panning back to smile and laugh for the camera. She captioned it: ‘Too lazy to do transitions. Also let’s not pressure someone to talk about something they aren’t ready to.’ ‘Just take the funny tweet and move on,’ she added. The former beauty therapist was commenting on the current series of the ITV2 reality show, which returned to screens in June and runs until August, when she claimed that men made her ‘feel sick’ following her experience on the series in the Mallorca villa. She tweeted: ‘Switching teams was the best decision I made in my life.’ Amber then added: ‘Watching men makes me feel ill. I couldn’t put myself through it again.’ In a new interview with Metro.co.uk, Amber had discussed her role commenting on Twitter about the show, joking that she gets ‘bullied by my followers’ if she skips an episode. She also said that she was able to tune in and enjoy the programme, even though she’s experienced it herself from the other side. ‘I just enjoy it. I sort of know what’s going on. And I think that’s how I can make sure that my commentary on it doesn’t overstep the line with anything,’ she explained. ‘I keep it really light-hearted, but I just enjoy it for what it is – and I’m a viewer just like everyone else.’ Amber also joked that she had sacrificed her love life while writing her debut novel, a romance set to be published by Mills & Boon on July 7 called Until I Met You. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘I’m scared’: Love Island’s Dami Hope is petrified as Laura Whitmore arrives for explosive Casa Amor recoupling MORE : Exclusive extract from Amber Gill’s debut novel, Until I Met You