BBC broadcaster Nicky Campbell has opened up about his time at a private school in Scotland, claiming he was a victim of abuse after being ‘badly beaten up’ by a teacher. The presenter attended Edinburgh Academy in the 70s and has said he witnessed incidents of both ‘sexual and physical abuse’ which the 61-year-old said had a ‘profound effect on my life’. Campbell made the claims for the first time on an episode of his podcast Different on BBC Sounds, where he discussed his experiences with journalist Alex Renton, creator of the radio programme In Dark Corners, which explores abuse at Britain’s private schools. After the episode, released on Wednesday, Campbell will later tell BBC Radio 5 Live, via BBC: ‘I was badly beaten up at school by a teacher who was a leading light in the scripture union. ‘My mother took it as far as she could and got a grovelling apology from (the man involved), but was essentially stonewalled and it was hushed up by the school. ‘Those were different times and that has stayed with me all my life.’ Campbell also discussed witnessing more serious sexual abuse, allegedly enacted on his school-mates at the hands of another man at the institution. He’ll recount to 5 Live: ‘I cannot describe it here and I can never un-see it. ‘This man was known to us all as a predator and a sadist but we never told anyone. ‘My school friends and I talk about it now with each other with again – contempt, disbelief and incomprehension that sort of thing happened in plain sight and nothing was done. ‘And why didn’t we as little boys tell anyone in power what was happening? I don’t know.’ It was also revealed to Campbell by Renton that the alleged abuser is still alive, but has not been named for legal reasons. Speaking on his own podcast, the episode titled ‘Edgar’ – which is the moniker they’ve used for the person at the centre of the abuse allegations – Campbell says the reason he has chosen to come forward is to bring the man to justice over the alleged abuse. In a statement provided to the BBC, Edinburgh Academy said it ‘deeply regrets’ the alleged incidents and ‘wholeheartedly’ apologised to those involved. It read: ‘We have worked closely with the relevant authorities including Police Scotland with their inquiries and would like to provide reassurance that things have dramatically changed since the 1970s. ‘The Academy has robust measures in place to safeguard children at the school with child protection training now core to the ethos of the Academy.’ Taking to Twitter on Wednesday morning, Campbell added: ‘All I want is for this man ‘Edgar’ to be brought to the UK and justice for my friends and contemporaries.’ Different With Nicky Campbell is available on BBC Sounds.