No one wants to miss out on the current craze of growing your own fruit and veg, especially when it can help slash the food bill. But with outdoor space in urban areas at a premium, it’s a tough call to sacrifice a garden full of beautiful blooms for a veg patch filled with muddy spuds and rows of onions. The good news is, you can have both, says Emma Tipping, a contender for RHS Young Designer Of The Year 2022. ‘Often the practical option comes at the cost of giving up a gorgeous garden,’ says Emma. ‘But you can have the best of both worlds if you choose edible plants that are also super-attractive and will add visual interest to your garden as well as provide a mix of stunning colours and flavours to dishes and cocktails.’ They can also all be grown in containers, so they’re perfect for a balcony garden. Here is Emma’s pick of the cute crops… This pretty plant has edible flowers, leaves and seeds. It comes in a variety of gorgeous colours from bright reds, yellows and oranges to some more delicate pinks and peaches. Easy to grow by sowing seed in the spring directly into the soil, it’s also low maintenance – just keep picking the peppery-tasting flowers to use in salads and for garnish. The leaves look like flat lily pads and tumble beautifully over the edge of a hanging basket. Produces ornamental small green tomatoes which are often used in Mexican dishes like salsa verde. Very easy to grow from seed, it needs a bit of heat so should be sown in March/April and kept in a greenhouse or on a sunny windowsill. Tomatillos like a bright, sheltered space but can be grown in the ground or in a container. Two or more plants are needed for a generous yield that will be ready to harvest from late July. Most root veg is not typically elegant as the majority of the plant lies be under the soil. But the stems of beetroot can be rather attractive and are fun and easy to harvest. There are lots of different varieties in some great colours (oranges, pinks and purples) and growing different types means you can harvest beetroot over many months. Keep the soil damp and pull out of the ground once the beets are about the size of a cricket ball, about two months after they’re planted. Different varieties have different levels of heat, but one of my favourites is Chilli ‘Basket of Fire,’ a bushy plant completely covered in small, brightly coloured peppers. This one’s great if you’re tight on space as it can be grown in a pot on a windowsill, or in a hanging basket – it’s fun to experiment. Sow seeds under cover in early spring and keep them warm to germinate. The peppers can be used fresh or dried and stored. The leaves and seeds of this South American plant are edible but the big, beautiful pink or orange tassel-shaped flowers are the exotic stars of the show. In fact they are so stunning that they are often cut and used in flower arranging. The leaves can be used like spinach and are rich in Vitamin C and iron. Grow from seed indoors in March or sow direct into the garden in late spring. A tasty herb but even more impressive are its beautiful blue flowers. The blooms are also edible so can be used as a garnish in salads and cocktails. Borage attracts pollinators, too, so it’s a great addition to a veg patch, boosting yields of fruit and veg plants including strawberries. Sow seeds directly into a sunny spot or container in spring. Borage also self-seeds so once planted, it should keep coming back year after year. Harvest by picking off the young flowers from June through to autumn. Such a pretty, ornamental addition to a veg plot, chard can grow with lots of brightly coloured rainbow stems, in pinks, yellows, oranges and reds. Harvest from July to October by picking the outer leaves regularly – this also keeps fresh growth coming back. Chard likes the sunshine and rich, free-draining soil but can be just as easily be grown in pots as in the ground. The leaves can be eaten raw in salads or cooked. Fun to grow and pick, they look like tiny watermelons but taste like slightly sour cucumbers and make a great addition to a salad. They need a structure to climb up but can be grown in a container, so they’re good if you don’t have much space – ideal for a sunny patio or balcony. Grow from seed sown in April/May and they’ll be ready to pick from July until the end of summer. Keep well-watered and feed them regularly with a liquid fertiliser. Not just the bog-standard green-juice variety – there are lots of different varieties of kale in purples and pinks, too. The ruffled purple-red Kale ‘Redbor’ have such attractive foliage and striking shape that they add interest and height to a border or container. Known for their health benefits, harvest by removing a few leaves at a time, as needed. Sow from March to June and use from September all the way through winter. Compact for smaller gardens and containers, these gorgeous golden fruits have a more intense taste than the traditional red raspberries. Harvested in autumn, they need plenty of sunshine – plant canes in the ground or in a large pot with well-drained soil. Unlike traditional raspberries, all the canes can be cut down in winter to allow for new growth the following year. See Emma in action in the Young Designer competition at RHS Flower Show Tatton Park, July 20-24. Buy your tickets from the RHS website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to protect your garden in a heatwave – 5 expert tips MORE : How to grow a beautiful garden – for free – with self-seeding plants MORE : Giant waterlily hiding in plain sight at Kew Gardens is actually a new species