A McDonald’s branch will no longer serve kids without an adult after 5pm in a bid to avoid staff getting harassed. The fast food restaurant on Church Street in Liverpool introduced the ban because too many employees were ‘subjected to verbal and physical abuse’. One customer said: ‘I was in town the night before and there were large groups of kids all over Liverpool One and they were moved on a number of times by security.’ The restriction is only temporary but it is unclear how long it will last. Security guards are seemingly tasked with enforcing the new rules, having to turn customers away who look under 18. A customer said he saw one guard explaining the branch was not allowing unaccompanied children and teenagers in. But the young man insisted he was in his 20s and he had to apologise. A McDonald’s spokesperson said: ‘Over recent weeks, we have seen an increase in the number of incidents of anti-social behaviour in the area with our people being subjected to verbal and physical abuse. ‘We have a zero-tolerance policy when it comes to crime and anti-social behaviour, and have temporarily restricted restaurant access to U18s from 5pm. ‘This decision was not taken lightly and we are working closely with the police to find a resolution and help reduce these incidents.’ Anti-social behaviour is not the only thing the fast food giant is struggling with. Like all other businesses, McDonald’s is battling with inflation as well – so much so that the chain has had to raise the price of its 99p cheeseburger to £1.19. In a letter to customers, the company wrote: ‘We know things are tough right now. We’re living through incredibly challenging times and we’re all seeing the cost of everyday items, such as food and energy, increase in a way many of us have never experienced. ‘Just like you, our company, our franchisees who own and operate our restaurants, and our suppliers are all feeling the impact of rising inflation. ‘Although we’re seeing increasing costs, we’re committed to developing and rewarding our people, supporting our suppliers and the 25,000 British and Irish farmers we work with, and continuing to help invest in community programmes up and down the country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.