Hey there, sports fans – a new property listing might pique your interest. A school gym that’s been transformed into a house is up for sale – complete with a ‘basketball court kitchen.’ Located in Wilkinson County, Indiana, the former school gymnasium boasts four bedrooms and three bathrooms alongside the unusual kitchen, which still has the bleachers in place – should you want an audience for your cooking. The bedrooms at the property have been carpeted, but the living spaces form what used to be the full basketball court – so the hardwood flooring remains. Essentially, this means you can start baking a cake and practice your free throws while it’s in the oven. The property – which stretches to 5,984 sq ft in total – was built in 1950 following a fundraising campaign by the local PTA of Wilkinson High School to build a larger gym for students. Pictures of the unusual listing were shared on Facebook, where the post has since racked up more than 5,600 likes. ‘I’d buy this if I could recreate every basketball scene from every High School Musical movie,’ one person replied. While another said: ‘Literally all I can hear is the screeching of sneakers over the floor.’ Someone else joked: ‘Kids I told you get out of the kitchen and behind the 3 point line!’ The house is up for sale with estate agent Roy Wilson of F.C. Tucker Company for $299,000 (around £252,603). Roy even has a personal connection to the property – as he can fondly remember his school days there. ‘I have lots of memories, as we all do of our school day experiences – unfortunately, most had little to do with academics,’ he told NeedToKnow.online. ‘I remember exactly where I sat during graduation in 1969, when soon-to-be governor Otis Bowen gave our commencement address. ‘A former teacher recently told me about another teacher caught three boys walking on the gym floor with their street shoes – they were paddled because it was against the rules!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Church with plans for a games room and home cinema goes on sale for £205,000 MORE : Derelict five-bed London terraced house up for sale at almost £1million – and more money is needed on renovations MORE : ‘The home of golf’: Victorian flat overlooking the 18th hole at St Andrews Links up for sale at £1.75million