A number of Boris Johnson’s own Cabinet ministers are set to gather to tell the prime minister to resign in what could be the final blow to his premiership. The group is believed to include his brand new Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, who replaced Rishi Sunak in the top role hours ago. New education Secretary Michelle Donelan, also appointed just last night, is involved, as well as Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, the BBC claims. Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis and Welsh Secretary Simon Hart are also understood to be going to speak with him. Home Secretary Priti Patel, who has been a staunch supporter of the PM, is currently inside Number 10, according to reports. It comes after Michael Gove’s spokesperson didn’t deny reports that he too had told Mr Johnson that his time needs to be up. Those sticking with Mr Johnson until the end seemingly include Nadine Dorries, Dominic Raab and Jacob Rees Mogg. This evening’s push is reportedly being coordinated by Chief Whip, Chris Heaton-Harris. The British leader has faced a humiliating landslide of more than 30 resignations in less than 24 hours – sparked by the shock exits of two of his top ministers, Sajid Javid and Mr Sunak. When asked about the delegation of ministers during an appearance at the Liaison Committee session, he refused to comment. The Tory leader insisted he would not give a running commentary on things he isn’t aware of. But he told MPs this afternoon: ‘The job of a prime minister in difficult circumstances when he has been handed a colossal mandate is to keep going, and that’s what I’m going to do.’ Mr Johnson’s promotion of MP Chris Pincher, despite knowing there were sexual misconduct allegations against him, was the catalyst for the wave of resignations. Although, officials have also cited his handling of Partygate and the Owen Paterson scandal as reasons behind their decisions to step down. Speaking about the huge number of departures, opposition leader Keir Starmer said: ‘As for those who are left, only in office because no-one else is prepared to debase themselves any longer. The charge of the lightweight brigade. Have some self-respect. ‘For a week he’s had them defending his decision to promote a sexual predator … anyone with anything about them would be long gone from his frontbench. ‘In the middle of a crisis, doesn’t the country deserve better than a z-list cast of nodding dogs?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.