Asking For A Friend is the series where we answer the questions that you’ve always wanted to ask. For the most part, it should be easy to imagine a future with your partner. Maybe you can see yourselves buying a house and doing it up from scratch, or maybe you envision the pair of you travelling the world together. These things are easy to talk and dream about. Less so is bringing up the discussion of whether or not you want to start a family together at some point. It’s hard to bring up because a disagreement on the subject can be earth-shattering. ‘The decision to have children is one of the most life-changing decisions and having children can be a very daunting prospect, says Jacqui Gabb, a professor of Sociology and Intimacy at the Open University and chief relationship officer at couples app, Paired. She tells Metro.co.uk that the conversation can become even more daunting when you’re not sure what your significant other’s thoughts are on the matter. ‘Having children may be a very important goal for one individual in the relationship, but something that does not align with the other’s vision of their future,’ she says. ‘If having, or not having children is a dealbreaker for one or both individuals in the relationship, this can lead to the breaking apart of the relationship.’ While that is a very scary – and potentially heartbreaking – prospect, if you have strong feelings about whether or not you want kids, it’s important to have the conversation eventually, and depending on where you are in your relationship and your life, it might need to be sooner rather than later. But the question of when is still quite difficult, especially if you’re in a somewhat new relationship and are worried about scaring the other person off. It can even be difficult if you got into a long-term relationship at a young age. When the idea of having children is still completely foreign to you, but you’ve been with your partner for 5+ years, when is the right time to start talking about ‘one day’? For Jacqui, it’s not a one-size-fits-all. ‘Although the first date is a bit too soon to start mapping out your future with a virtual stranger, waiting too long could lead to a lot of heartbreak down the line,’ she says. ‘Bringing it up as soon as you know you could see yourself wanting to date this person long-term is a good place to start. ‘This ensures that the talk happens early enough to avoid developing a relationship that will ultimately hit a dealbreaker.’ Of course, it can take years to get to a point where you can see a real future with a partner, but for women who want to give birth, there is biology to contend with. ‘For women the fertility-window of opportunity is very much time-limited,’ says Jacqui. ‘For this reason, for many men and women, age is a factor which most impacts how soon it is appropriate and deemed necessary to discuss having children. ‘With less time to find a partner to have a child with, many people of an older age will likely bring this topic up far sooner than younger individuals in a relationship.’ With that being said, it’s still a good idea for younger couples and those who want to have children without giving birth, such as through adoption, to talk about children. ‘Talking about couple goals is something that helps to strengthen a relationship and as such broaching the topic of children can happen at any time,’ says Jacqui. ‘It doesn’t mean that you’re going to immediately start trying but it does mean that this is part of your future and something that you’d like to be part of this relationship.’ Make it a shared decision Jacqui suggests making having, or not having, children a shared decision. ‘Once you know how much you want to have kids, and how much your partner wants to have kids too, you can start making plans,’ she says. ‘Whatever you decide, it is important you ensure you have come to this decision together.’ This means ditching the ultimatums, especially if it’s the first time you’ve broached the subject. ‘If you’re more keen on having children than your partner, remember that this should be an open conversation  and not an ultimatum,’ says Jacqui. ‘Explain the reasons why this is important to you. ‘While you can’t prescribe when and how you will have children, it’s important for both partners to think about what they’d like to happen and when.’ Listening is key As with major conversation, listening to each other is vital, as is treating one another’s positions with respect and empathy. ‘Discuss each other’s views on parenthood and be as honest as possible,’ says Jacqui. ‘Get it all out there – questions, fears, finances. ‘Even if your partner is 100% against your desired decision, it is important for you to listen to your partner with an open mind and to show that you respect their desires. ‘Ask your partner what concerns they have; if your partner is not ready to have children, then it is important for you to hear about the concerns that they have about the process.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to know when it’s time to end your relationship MORE : Asking For A Friend: How can I tell if my drug use is problematic? MORE : Are you a victim of cookie-jarring? Why the dating trend happens – and what to do about it