Britain is now bracing itself for the first ever 40C day, shattering all previous records, a top meteorologist has said. BBC weatherman Matt Taylor said he ‘never thought this would be possible so soon’ as he issued the broadcaster’s updated forecast. Mr Taylor also hit out at the people downplaying the heat warning with replies like ‘it’s summer’, insisting 40C during the day and 25C at night is ‘not normal’. ‘Heatwaves are among the most dangerous of natural hazards. Heat records are becoming more frequent. Seven out of 10 hottest UK days have been since 2003,’ he tweeted. An amber alert for extreme heat now covers all of England for 72 hours from Sunday, leading to fears of a surge in heat-related casualties. If the mercury does hit 40C, it would beat the UK’s current record of 38.7C, set in Cambridge in 2019. These exceptionally high temperatures are normally seen in the world’s hottest places, like Death Valley in California.  The Met Office heat warning says the weather could cause health problems, even in healthy people, leading to potentially serious illness or danger to life. Cardiff A&E consultant Dr Farbod Babolhavaeji, 38, urged people to stay inside during the hottest part of the day and make sure to drink plenty of water. He said: ‘This extreme weather is going to cause a lot of problems because we are not used to it in this country.’ ‘It’s not just the sun stroke and heat exhaustion, There’s a significant risk of developing a stroke in the heat,’ he added. ‘There are long waits for ­ambulances outside A&Es and despite everything we are doing the increasing demand means we are struggling to find space for the patients.’ Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse said the Government is preparing for a ‘surge’ in demand on the NHS due to the heatwave. After chairing a Cobra meeting, Mr Malthouse urged the public to look out for people who were particularly vulnerable in the heat. London is forecast to reach 26C today, while 23C is predicted for Cardiff, 20C in Belfast and 19C in Edinburgh. Saturday is also set to start with overcast skies and scattered showers in northern areas, before turning dry across the nation as the extreme heat moves in. Some schools and work places could be forced to close if classrooms and offices become too hot. Brits are also warned to brace for significant travel disruption as Network Rail introduces speed restrictions to protect the tracks. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.