David Beckham and his youngest son Cruz were living their best life over the weekend as they enjoyed a relaxed day together. The 47-year-old retired footballer and his 17-year-old son shared some quality time during their family holiday, and soaked up the son as they enjoyed a couple of cold ones on a boat. The pair went shirtless on the back of a boat during their trip to Dubrovnik, Croatia after David visited Venice with his daughter Harper, 11. In pictures shared on Instagram over the weekend, David and Cruz could be seen lounging back with the beautiful blue sea around them. In another shot, the lads were enjoying a glass of beer together with mountains and a gorgeous ocean view in the background. In another shot, David joked he hadn’t realised he was wearing two pairs of his own branded glasses at once, while the father and son duo also made the most of their trip with a stunning meal. Other photos reveal they tucked into a fresh tomato salad and a giant red snapper. Meanwhile, Harper was channeling her fashion icon mum in a Versace gown as she posed for some mirror selfies, which Victoria shared on her own Instagram alongside photos of herself in the stunning black and gold garment. In the caption, she shared a crying laughing and puzzled emoji, joking: ‘I don’t know where she gets it from!’ Meanwhile, the first couple of showbiz recently went all out to celebrate 23 years of marriage, jetting to Paris and Venice and enjoying a romantic gondola ride. VB had revealed on Instagram that the pair jetted off to their ‘happy place’ to celebrate, sharing a gorgeous video of the Eiffel Tower, adding ‘Kisses from Paris,’ before giving fans a look into their date night, which saw them enjoying dinner with a jaw-dropping view of the city. The trip wasn’t over there, however, as they then headed to Venice. As well as their jet setting travels, the family are keeping busy, with David recently revealing Netflix is producing a documentary about his life. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham ‘dropped’ from £1,000,000 Superdry contract’ after just 8 months MORE : David Beckham shows off new cropped hair as he soaks up sun with Victoria and family on boat in Croatia 