Sri Lanka’s leader has run away to the Maldives after months of demonstrations against his government. Corruption and mismanagement has left the South Asian island bankrupt, in serious debt and unable to pay for basic imports. People who have suffered the most – often skipping meals and struggling to get fuel – started an anti-government movement. Things came to a head last week when protesters rushed into Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s presidential palace, his office and even burned down his private home. The president was considered missing up until now, but it has been revealed he used an air force plane to take his wife and two body guards to Male in the Maldives. This information was first leaked by an anonymous immigration official but has since been confirmed by the air force, which said the plane was provided with the defence ministry’s approval and insisted all immigration laws were followed. Demonstrator Sithara Sedaraliyanage, 28, said: ‘We expected him to be behind bars — not escape to a tropical island! What kind of justice is that? ‘This is the first time people in Sri Lanka have risen like this against a president. We want some accountability.’ The movement has brought Mr Rajapaksa’s dynasty crumbling, after two decades of his family being in power. Prime minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said he will lead the country until a new president is chosen – which Sri Lankan lawmakers have to do next week. Officials are reportedly struggling to decide on the formation of a new government able to lift the country out of economic and political collapse. People have travelled from all over outside the capital of Colombo to see the seized presidential palace. Bizarre photos show demonstrators swimming in the pool, lounging on luxurious furniture and sleeping in Rajapaksa’s bed. Student Bhasura Wickremesinghe, 24, said: ‘What Rajapaksa did — flee the country — is a timid act. ‘I’m not celebrating. There’s no point celebrating. We have nothing in this country at the moment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.