British Airways have sparked furry over a ‘glitch’ that stops women from using the title ‘Dr’ when booking flights online. The airline apologised and said it was ‘urgently investigating’ issues with its website after a customer complaint went viral. Dr Juliana Kling, a professor of medicine at the Mayo Clinic in Arizona, USA, posted a snap of an error message which said ‘title and gender do not match’. The message appeared after she tried to input her details as a female doctor. She tweeted: ‘Apparently ‘Dr’ and ‘woman’ do not match on British Airways. Looking forward to their reply.’ The message promoted hundreds of angry responses on Twitter, with one person saying: ‘You know, I’m pretty sure women could be doctors decades before British Airways could fly.’ The British Medical Association (BMA) said it was a ‘shocking example of everyday sexism’. Others pointed to an incident three years ago when a non-binary customer received the same message after being unable to choose a gender-neutral title. In March 2019, Lee-Anne tweeted: ‘You don’t provide Mx as a title, so I decided to change it to one that causes less dysphoria and I get this message? Titles are not even legally recognised parts of our identity and have nothing to do with gender. So please help me out.’  The airline apologised at the time and said BA was ‘considering’ offering Mx as a prefix on the website. A statement from the technical team released hours later said: ‘We know how important it is for all of our customers to feel comfortable and welcome no matter how they self-identify. We are working to see if we can change our booking platform to reflect this.’ On the latest glitch, a spokesperson from BA told Metro.co.uk: ‘We’re sorry for a technical issue that has occurred in one drop down box on our website and we’re urgently investigating.’ The controversy comes a week after BA check-in and ground staff Heathrow Airport voted to strike during the summer holidays in a dispute over pay. The GMB union said a 10% pay cut imposed by BA during the Covid pandemic has still not been restored. Workers are also angry over the airline’s use of ‘fire and rehire’ practices as a way of cutting pay during the outbreak. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  