The UK is currently experiencing a heatwave which is likely to see record-breaking high temperatures on Monday and Tuesday – but not everywhere will be so hot. The soaring temperatures come with serious health warnings and have led the Met Office to issue its first red warning for extreme heat. The warning covers an area from London up to Manchester, and up to the Vale of York. But while the south and south-east of the UK will be sweltering not all of the UK will experience such heat. The coolest parts of the UK will all be in the north and northeast of Scotland. On Monday, when there is a 50% chance of temperatures reaching 40°C somewhere in the southeast, Wick in the far north of Scotland will be a relatively cool 14°C. The Met Office has forecast highs of 18°C in Aberdeen, Stornoway and Tiree in the Inner Hebrides on Monday afternoon. Lerwick, in the Shetlands, is expected to see highs of 15°C on Monday while overnight temperatures are expected to a few degrees cooler dropping to around 12°C. On Tuesday, the coolest places in the UK will again be in Scotland and also Londonderry in Northern Ireland, which will sees highs of 17°C. Portree on the Isle of Skye is expected to be 17°C while Lerwick will be 18°C. Kirkwall in Orkney will be 19°C and Durness will 20°C. Grahame Madge, a Met Office spokesperson has said there is an 80% chance of the all-time UK temperature record being broken, and a 50% chance of temperatures of 40°C being reached somewhere in the UK next week. ‘Most likely that would be within the red warning area for extreme heat,’ he said. ‘Probably the most likely areas to look at would be north of London and up to Lincolnshire, inland. ‘Somewhere like Peterborough, Grantham, Sandy, Stevenage, those sorts of areas, A1 corridor.” He said that temperatures reaching 40C would be a ‘historic event’. ‘If we get to 40°C that’s a very iconic threshold and shows that climate change is with us now,’ he said. ‘This is made much more likely because of climate change.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.