You might think you’re brave. You watch scary films without covering your eyes. You could tackle any I’m A Celeb challenge. You’ll even walk on the cracks in the pavement without fear. But are you daring enough to hang out with Janet, a 119-year-old doll? We’re going to say no. Janet is a doll that, according to her owner, has blinked, thrown herself off a shelf, and regularly gives people chest pains when they’re around her. She’s so unsettling that Miki York, Janet’s owner, a carer, and a paranormal investigator, previously kept the doll locked away in his shed. But recently Miki decided to bring Janet out of her box and display her in his home office… against his family’s wishes. ‘I decided to bring Janet out just to see what would happen and since she has been on display in my office, I regularly walk in to find her on the floor and there is no way that she could have fallen off,’ said Miki, who you may remember as the ghost hunter who warned that work on the HS2 railway could cause the rise of Roman ghouls. ‘I am trying to communicate with Janet through a spirit box to find out why she is constantly jumping off the shelf. ‘I’ve had Janet since 2016 and usually she is kept locked away because she brings such bad feelings to people when they are around her. ‘She is definitely not welcome by my family. ‘Since having her a lot has happened. ‘There has been a moment when Janet has been captured blinking on camera, even though she doesn’t actually have any eyes. ‘I have also had friends around Janet who have had to walk away because they’ve started feeling chest pains and feeling sick. ‘When I am working with Janet, I even feel sick. She is not well-liked and people hate her.’ Janet belonged to a woman in Texas, and after her owner passed away, the family wanted to get rid of the doll as they couldn’t stand having her around. They heard footsteps in the house and it gave them a terrible feeling, so they gave the doll away to Miki after coming across him online. Miki said: ‘When I first got Janet in 2016 I was so excited. ‘I knew there must be something serious about her because the family didn’t want any money for her and even paid to get it sent over to the UK. ‘They really wanted rid of her. ‘She had no name when I first got her. I discovered that her name was Janet through a spirit box session. ‘I asked for her name and the spirit that is attached to the doll told me that her name was Janet.’ Relations between Janet and Miki have been tense, despite Miki’s best intentions. ‘She has sworn at me before when I communicated with her through the spirit box,’ said Miki. ‘I don’t know too much about her, other than that there is a print of her back that says 1903 and I think that the spirit attached is a child that can’t see out because she hasn’t got eyes. ‘Janet also has teeth, which are really spooky.’ Despite this, Miki hasn’t been put off spending more time with his haunted pal. He plans to keep getting to know her and seeing what more fun she can bring to his home. Perhaps she’ll start throwing things, or doing a cheeky wink. ‘I got into paranormal investigating after seeing about it on television shows. I wanted to see if it was real so I went down to my local cemetery to try it out and I’ve never looked back,’ Miki added. ‘I can’t wait to see what other experiences I have with Janet in the future.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Psychic’ mum reckons she has 100% success rate in predicting pregnancies MORE : Inside ghost town left untouched for years, with beds still made and spirits lurking MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Cancer star sign