The world’s oldest Martian meteorite has been traced back to the precise crater where it originated. Named ‘Black Beauty’, the meteorite is almost 4.5 billion years old and adds to the evidence that the Red Planet was once habitable. The famous space rock was found in western Sahara in 2011. Now an international team has pinpointed its exact home. Researchers used a supercomputer to track its creation on Mars in a province known as Terra Cimmeria-Sirenum, located in the southern hemisphere of the planet. The terrain has many gullies that could have been carved by flowing rivers and Black Beauty contains more water than other Martian meteorites. The crater Back Beauty is from has been named Karratha, after a city in the Pilbara area of Western Australia renowned for its remarkably preserved rock formations. Lead author Dr Anthony Lagain, of Curtin University, Perth, said: ‘For the first time, we know the geological context of the only brecciated Martian sample available on Earth, 10 years before the NASA’s Mars Sample Return mission is set to send back samples collected by the Perseverance rover currently exploring the Jezero crater.’ The international team want Nasa to prioritise the area around Karratha Crater as a future landing site on Mars. ‘Finding the region where the “Black Beauty” meteorite originates is critical because it contains the oldest Martian fragments ever found, aged at 4.48 billion years old, and it shows similarities between Mars’ very old crust, aged about 4.53 billion years old, and today’s Earth continents,’ ‘The region we identify as being the source of this unique Martian meteorite sample constitutes a true window into the earliest environment of the planets, including the Earth, which our planet lost because of plate tectonics and erosion,’ said Lagain. The study published in the journal Nature Communications offers never-before-known details about Black Beauty, known scientifically as NWA 7034. Black beauty is less than two inches long and weighs about 11 ounces. It is owned by a private collector and valued at up to £100,000. It is the only Martian sample on Earth made of fragments of multiple rocks cemented together while all others contain single types. Black Beauty’s ejection site was found through analysing thousands of high-resolution images from a range of Mars missions. Dr Lagain and colleagues found the Karratha crater was formed five to 10 billion years ago when an asteroid smashed into Mars. It propelled the chunk of ancient Martian crust into space which eventually crashed into the African desert. Now that we know its source, researchers can compare the formation of both planets. The discovery paves the way to locate the ejection site of other Martian meteorites to assemble the most exhaustive view of the Red Planet’s geological history. More than 300 Martian meteorites have been found on Earth to date. MORE : Nasa finds ‘shiny silver litter’ on Mars – but it’s not what you expect MORE : Woman woken by meteorite smashing through roof and landing on pillow next to her