From trans supermodel April Ashley, to UK Black Pride founder Lady Phyll, the LGBTQ+ community has always been jam-packed with pioneers and those ready to blaze a trail. As they wield their game changing vibe, these are the people who have been vital in creating progress over the last five decades – and beyond – whether it’s through entertainment, words or activism. And not only have they helped shine a light on LGBTQ+ rights, but through their much-needed visibility, they’ve made others realise they are not alone. Their courage has also paved the way for the future voices of the community, who continue to work hard to allow others to be seen. Here we meet just four of those rising LGBTQ+ stars, from the world of music, modelling, sports and literature. Slovenian-born pansexual singer-songwriter July Jones, 23, has had a meteoric rise to fame, having written tracks for Zolita, Girli, Nasty Cherry and BTS as well as carving out a space for herself with her razor sharp and unique electro-pop sounds. ‘Growing up in Slovenia was amazing, but the opportunities for doing music were quite limited. My mum pushed me to try classical music at school, and I was posting my music on YouTube. When I was 14, I got spotted and landed a record deal in Germany, which saw me do lots of song-writing. ‘Listening back to those songs now, they’re all so sad and emotional, and I think it’s because I knew I was different. I didn’t fit in, but had no knowledge of queerness, so I had no way to express how I felt. ‘There has been some progression in Slovenia since I grew up, but as a teenager, there was no understanding of what it was to be LGBTQ+. I thought it meant you had to be a tomboy if you were a lesbian. My mum told me that all lesbians were butch and took drugs. I was a huge fan of Ellen DeGeneres as I was growing up and realised why I felt such an affinity towards her. I thought, “If I’m gay, does that mean I have to be a tomboy and do drugs?” I was so ashamed and hid the way I felt for years. ‘I moved to America on a music scholarship when I was 17, moving away from classical music to be part of a gospel choir, and my interest in jazz grew. Being part of that crowd was a real eye-opening experience for me, with people openly saying they were queer. It was there that I got my first girlfriend and it really opened my mind that I could be accepted and exist just the way I am.  That’s why it’s so vital for me now to be a role model for other people. ‘When I was 18 I turned down a prestigious scholarship at Berklee Music College to move to London and become a popstar, as that was now what I wanted to do. ‘I was homeless for two nights, living on the floor at Victoria train station as I had no money, but I was determined I was going to make this work and become a superstar. I landed some gigs and wrote songs for people, and hustled until a manager at Universal noticed me and my music went stratospheric. For that reason, I feel like London is my home, as I worked and built my whole life here. ‘Having somewhere to call ‘home’ was especially important to me, as my family didn’t accept me at first when I came out to them, and I needed to find a place that felt safe. ‘I didn’t speak to them for a year after coming out, but my family slowly started to understand me and my sexuality. My mum now comes to all the Pride events and supports me fully, which shows that people just need to be educated in order to accept change. ‘London is such a bubble, as there’s so many places that are backwards and aren’t so accepting of the LGBTQ+ community. We need to speak more openly about it to encourage acceptance and to educate people. ‘I hope to be a trailblazer for other queer woman by being loud about my identity and who I am. ‘I want to stand up for people of all genders and show them that they can feel pride in their sexuality, regardless of where they’re from. I hope they can see me and think: “Well July did it, so I can do it too.”’ You can listen to July’s EP, Silly Little Dream, Pt.1, here. Having had a very traditional upbringing, athlete and stuntwoman Ayesha Hussain believed she was going marry a man, become a doctor and have kids. However, after her family was rocked by tragedy, the 32-year-old decided to embrace her queerness. ‘Growing up with a part Asian, part Arab background, queerness wasn’t something that was exposed to me while I was young. I was dead set on the notion of the white picket fence – having a husband, a professional, academic job and a large family. ‘I didn’t even properly come out to myself until last year – while I did date women in my twenties, I didn’t consider myself queer. I thought I was experimenting and it was something I had to get out of my system. ‘Growing up, I was always active and loved sport, even though it wasn’t particularly encouraged by family: it’s not a common thing for Asian girls to do sport. I would dream of being an action hero one day – despite there not really being any Asian ones around at that time, and especially not female ones. I remember even praying I’d get kidnapped by MI5 and trained to be an assassin! But I knew that was never going to happen, and instead thought I was going to become a doctor. ‘However, when I was at university, I was scouted to work as a Playboy bunny, hosting parties in France and Switzerland. It wasn’t something I’d ever considered – I’d had quite a sheltered life before. But I loved it, and it introduced me to the world of cabaret and performance, so I started training in sideshow performances, fire-breathing, standing on nails – that sort of thing. ‘I didn’t think it’d be a full-time thing, but I was working four nights a week while I was at uni, and then I realised that this is what I wanted my career to be, so I chose to pursue performance work. ‘When I was 25, I put a lot of pressure of myself to get married, so I tied the knot with a man I met on Tinder. I genuinely wasn’t sexually attracted to him but he was non-toxic and marriage felt like something I should be doing. ‘We divorced after a year together – but I still struggled to accept I was queer. In part, some of the women I dated made me feel I couldn’t say I was gay as I had dated men before. I think that’s why I’m more comfortable saying I’m queer than a lesbian or bisexual, as I feel I would date anyone of any gender. ‘In 2019, both my mum and my older sister were diagnosed with cancer. My sister died 11 days after diagnosis, my mum died at the start of this year. It made me realise how life is short and it’s not worth not being authentically yourself and trying to chase a dream that is not yours. It was a really important moment for me to stop living with boundaries. Living life any other way is just ungrateful. I’m very lucky that my family have been accepting of my queerness, I certainly know how much a lot of other people have struggled. I got into stunt work quite late; I was on an acting job as a weapons expert, and a stunt coordinator suggested I gave it a go. I’m now training for the British Stunt Registry and had roles performing in shows such as Game of Thrones and Brassic.  I want to create a space for more Asian women to do athletics and performance work. ‘Even if I can get a couple of little brown girls to look up at me and think: “I can do this too,” that makes all the exhausting training, all the injuries, all the hard work, worth it. ‘Pride for me is about being able to be yourself with your whole heart. If I can help people of all races, genders and sexualities access that, that’s the most important thing to me.’ Having grown up in a small Merseyside town, Lewis struggled with his gender identity. Now, the 33-year-old has released his first book – a graphic novel titled Welcome to St Hell – about his experiences of  being trans. ‘I knew from an early age that I should have been born a boy, but growing up in the 90s in St Helens there was no real awareness of what it meant to be trans. ‘I didn’t have a terrible childhood: I was always going out and having fun with the boys that lived on my street, but I had this massive, traumatic fear that I was going to go through the wrong puberty to become a woman, when all I ever wanted to do is be a man. ‘When I got to high school, I just wanted to fit in like the other girls, so I tried to bury those feelings. I came out as a lesbian when I was 16, but deep down, that label didn’t feel right. ‘I got diagnosed with anorexia as I became obsessed with my body and the gym, as I tried to make any curves disappear. I hated my body being touched and intimacy didn’t feel right. It got to the point where I felt I just couldn’t live like this and I did some research online when I was 18, where I discovered what being transgender was. Everything fell into place and it was a Eureka! moment for me. ‘It was very daunting too. My mum was the first person I told, and she was so supportive. It took my dad a little longer to get on board. I’m proud to say my hometown was actually quite accepting: I made sure I was open about things and answered even the most ignorant questions. ‘I think initially people were worried I was going to become a different person – but they soon realised I was actually becoming more like myself than ever before. My GP wasn’t supportive though, and referred to my transition as a ‘lifestyle choice’. They made out transitioning to be a hard process, which it is, but basically said it would have been unachievable. That could have scared me off but because I was so determined to be who I was meant to be, I persevered. ‘I briefly starred in a 2011 Channel 4 documentary called My Trans Summer, where I lived with other trans people to raise awareness of the realities of being transgender. There, I met my friend Fox Fisher, and we’ve created My Genderation: a platform for trans people to tell their own stories authentically. ‘I’ve always been someone who draws and doodles, and during lockdown I decided I wanted  to create the book I wish I had growing up. It imagined it to be a cool comic filled with humour and teenage mishaps and just be something everyone could enjoy. It wouldn’t be something serious or political, I just wanted it to be heartfelt, fun and accessible. It wasn’t meant to come to anything, but my amazing agent, Jenny, saw it, and sent it off to Scholastic, who gave me a book deal. ‘I hope that anyone can read this book and gain a deeper insight into realities of being trans. I do get concerned over people debating trans rights, but I’m hopeful that the younger generations are becoming more accepting. ‘When I was growing up, there was no representation for people like me. Now, it’s amazing to see people like Elliot Page using their platform to raise awareness and live authentically. That in itself is amazing to see. ‘When you grow up with no-one to look up to you don’t rely on having representation. I’ve had to be my own hero and representation that I didn’t have, so now I’m hoping my story helps others.’ You can purchase Welcome to St Hell from Amazon and all good bookshops. Radam Ridwan uses their Instagram platform to educate and inform others on the realities of being gender fluid. Also working as a successful model, the 27-year-old identifies as non-binary. ‘I never felt comfortable looking at myself in the mirror and saying I’m a boy or a man. But growing up in Canberra, Australia, as a mixed-race person was really difficult. ‘There were no queer people there, let alone non-binary people of colour, so I didn’t have anyone to look up to. It was only through social media that I learned there were other people out there like me. ‘I started on Myspace and Tumblr, just expressing myself in my bedroom as I was very socially anxious growing up. I’d been bullied a lot for being queer and different. ‘I would go into my mother’s closet and try on things and post that stuff online. When Instagram started becoming popular, more and more people were following me and I created a community of weirdos that would just gas each other up and say we’re beautiful and amazing. It’s the confidence grown from that community which allows me to pull out those looks and live as myself to the fullest capacity in the real world, in the flesh. ‘Being a model is something I really enjoy creatively. it’s something I continued to persevere at and I’ve really made a living off it now. Having a platform saw me do arty shoots, shoots for e-commerce brands, and last year I featured in Vogue Italia. ‘It’s fulfilling but we still have a long way to go with non-binary representation. It’s really important for me to de-gender fashion and the structure of how we see clothes because clothes don’t have a gender. ‘There are people of all genders that want to wear things that make them feel comfortable. Part of my goal within that industry is to change the whole structure of the industry as well as promoting the idea that queer and trans people of colour are beautiful. ‘I do believe that someday, people of all genders and sexualities will have equal rights, but I worry this won’t happen in my lifetime. I see the world as a challenge I can overcome and I can do that for everyone. ‘My work replicates what these inspirations do for me which is reminding trans people of colour that they are valid, valued and can do anything, and to busting down those doors closed to people like us that we can all go through together. ‘I have definitely tried to change my focus on talking a more humorous and joyful approach to my work which is kind of just showing that marginalised people are more than their trauma. It can be quite flattening if people are reduced to their suffering, and not consider the other wonderful things which make them who they are. ‘Queer people need to know that they deserve the world and they can change the world. I hope to be out there to encourage and uplift people alongside me. I want my work to inspire queer people to live as freely as I do.’ Make-up artist: Min Sandhu. You can view her work here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Kimberley.Bond@metro.co.uk Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Pride in London map reveals where the march will take place this weekend MORE : London Pride events and parties to attend this weekend MORE : Olly Alexander, MNEK, Billy Porter and more to cover George Michael’s hits in celebration of Pride  