David Waters, 29, a video marketing manager for a company based in Reading, had been renting in London for years when he had an epiphany. Although he had his own bedroom, everything else was shared with strangers and he started questioning whether he could actually afford to buy. So he decided to explore his options and researched the market. Fast-forward six months and by taking advantage of the government’s Help to Buy scheme, David has been able to buy a spacious two-bedroom flat, priced £460,000, on the first floor of Lovell Homes’ Trinity Walk development in Woolwich. ‘I knew that continuing to rent as part of a house share in London did not make good financial sense – it’s money down the drain,’ he says. ‘In fact, it made no sense at all as the rental payments were higher than my mortgage is now. Plus, on a practical level, I had a bedroom and shared everything else with housemates.’ When it came to choosing what and where to buy, David wanted enough space to be able to work from home, and fast transport links. ‘It was very obvious, once I looked at the floorplans at Trinity Walk and then viewed the apartment, that you would gain a lot more square footage for your money,’ he adds. ‘Not only is the floorplate bigger than an average two-bed apartment, the attention to design really creates a light, flowing and stylish home. ‘One of the most important factors for me choosing to live in Woolwich is the excellent transport links. I work a few days a week from home, but I do need to travel to the office in Reading. ‘Having good rail links makes getting there really straightforward and, of course Crossrail is bringing even more benefits to travelling into the West End and out of London.’ Large windows throughout the apartment bring in tons of natural light even on the gloomiest of days. ‘And the openness and windows mean that I feel connected with the outside when I’m working,’ he says. ‘I’m in an area that has a lot to offer and an increasingly cosmopolitan atmosphere with a wide choice of restaurants and good cafes and bars.  I’m so happy having a new home that gives me space to live, work and socialise and is a great investment for my future.’ Trinity Walk is a mile from the new Elizabeth line station and just six minutes from Woolwich Arsenal station. Lovell Homes’ larger-than-average one and two-bedroom apartments with a balcony or terrace and flooring and appliances included are ready to move into now, from £359,000 and £480,000 respectively, with London Help to Buy Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best value locations to buy a house on the Elizabeth Line MORE : Why first-time buyers should look to affordable Woolwich to buy a house