WWE has honoured NXT UK’s biggest fan Honey Williams in an incredibly sweet moment at BT Sport Studios. The 19-year-old superfan has travelled nine hours each way – on a bus, no less – to attend every single taping since the wrestling giant’s UK-based show first launched four years ago touring the country, through to its move to the London studios. During the most recent tapings on Friday, Honey was surprised with her own NXT UK Women’s Championship title belt, while the entire NXT UK roster surrounded the ring and applauded their biggest admirer. Despite her own personal hurdles, Honey has shown a ‘never give up’ attitude hasn’t let anything stand in her way of seeing her favourite superstars in person at every single opportunity. In an emotional video, she could be seen sharing a moment with Moustache Mountain duo Trent Seven and Tyler Bate, and there was one more surprise in store. She also received a message from her idol, WWE Hall of Famer Shawn Michaels, who has been a driving force behind the NXT UK brand alongside Triple H. In a video played while Honey was in the ring surrounded by her favourite superstars. The Heartbreak Kid himself said: ‘I just wanted to say, on behalf of myself, the WWE, and of course the NXT UK family – thank you so much for love and care and support over the years. ‘All of our best, and we love you sweetheart. Thank you so much!’ Honey clearly had an amazing time at the show, sharing photos on her Twitter account of herself in the front row, as well as a selfie with former NXT UK Champion Tyler Bate. She wrote: ‘Yesterday had no right being so bloody perfect.’ NXT UK airs Thursday nights at 8pm on the WWE Network, and Friday nights at 10pm on BT Sport 1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Trent Seven thinks he could be ‘the Paul Heyman of NXT UK’ MORE : WWE star Bobby Lashley casually rips watermelon in half with bare hands in ridiculous display of power 