Everyone loves the seaside. But if you really, really love it then why not purchase some of these amazing homeware products that will give your home a nautical edge? From sailor-themed duvet covers to compass cushions and even a seaside drinks cabinet, if you love the ocean you will love this list. Sail through these buys and get inspired… Is there anything better than an ice cold beer on the beach? We think not, especially as 5p from every bottle of this easy drinking, amber ale is donated to The Seahorse Trust. Buy it for £17.50 (8 x 500ml bottles) from Salcombe Brewery Co. Rustle up a fruits de mer platter and protect your clothes, with this turquoise and coral sea-inspired apron. A good catch. Buy it for £27 from Cream Cornwall. Nothing says nautical like a navy and white stripe print, so this softly laundered cotton bedding will have you dreaming about the seaside every night. Shore thing. Buy it in double for £71.10 from Secret Linen Store. We’re obsessed with this golden shell planter for a low-key glamorous nod to the beachy look.  Made from waterproof polyresin, so suitable  for indoors and out. Buy it for £60 from Sweetpea & Willow. Turn your OOO on and get whisked away to the British seaside by snacking on a boatload of prawn cocktail crisps. A seaworthy 5p from each pack will be donated to the RNLI helping them to save lives at sea. Buy 20 x 40g bags for £15.49 from Burts Crisps. Create a spa-at-home experience with restorative bath salts made using sustainably-sourced, Hebridean seaweed, rich in antioxidants, vitamins and minerals. And relax… Buy it for £35 from Ishga. You’ll never lose your way again (in the style stakes at least) with this striking, nautical wool cushion, with a hand-embroidered compass. Buy it for £110 from Jan Constantine. For a beat-the-heat refresher, this zesty gin infused with citrus fruits and wild, coastal botanicals might just be our top summer tipple. Just add sea air. Buy it for £39.90 from The Isle of Wight Distillery. Splash out on this quirky, rockpool wallpaper, bubbling with limpets, crabs, shells and seaweed, for the happiest, holiday home all year round. Sustainably printed on FSC paper, plus a tree is planted for every roll sold. Buy it for £79 per roll from Fiona Howard. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best apps to help you decorate and renovate your house MORE : Artist saves £60,000 with a DIY makeover on her colourful coastal home