Manchester United have confirmed their have reached an agreement to sign Lisandro Martinez from Ajax. The 24-year-old is expected to sign a five-year deal at Old Trafford with the deal still subject to those personal terms being agreed and a medical. ‘Manchester United is delighted to announce the club has reached agreement with Ajax for the transfer of Argentine international defender Lisandro Martinez, subject to medical, to player terms being finalised, and to UK visa requirements,’ a short statement from the club read. In their own statement, Ajax have confirmed United will pay £48.7million for the Argentina international – with that fee to rise £57.3m through variables. ‘Ajax and Manchester United have reached an agreement for the transfer of Lisandro Martínez,’ a statement from the Dutch giants said. ‘The transfer is still subject to a medical examination and the contractual agreement of both clubs with the player. ‘The defender is still under contract with Ajax until June 30, 2025. Ajax agreed a transfer fee of € 57.37million with the English side. That amount can increase to € 67.37million through variables.’ Martinez is set to become United’s third signing of the Erik ten Hag era following deals for Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen. United remain locked in talks with Barcelona for a deal to sign Frenkie de Jong, with ten Hag urging the club to keep pushing for the Netherlands international. Argentina international Martinez will compete with captain Harry Maguire, Victor Lindelof and Raphael Varane for a place in the starting XI. Eric Bailly, Phil Jones and Axel Tuanzebe also remain part of the picture at United but Martinez’s arrival is expected to trigger the departures of the trio. Martinez can also play at left-back and defensive midfield, with former United and Ajax defender Jaap Stam believing the new arrival is good enough on the ball to take up a role further up the pitch. ‘When you play with a lot of space in the back and you need players who are reasonably fast and not afraid to cover. Tyrell Malacia has that and Martinez certainly does,’ Stam said. ‘Martinez is very skilled and creative in his passing. The more players he has like that, the more ten Hag can keep the ball and the less counters they’ll face. What is also important for that, especially in the strongest league in the world, is communication and who he might be paired with at the heart of the defence. ‘But because Martinez is comfortable on the ball he can also play in front of the defence. And I don’t rule out that ten Hag will use him there.’ MORE : Frenkie de Jong will consider move to Bayern Munich as Manchester United talks drag on MORE : PSV to offer Ibrahim Sangare new contract amid Manchester United, Chelsea and Newcastle interest For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 