Atletico Madrid supporters have protested against the signing of Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United. Ronaldo is pushing to leave Old Trafford this summer as he wants to continue playing for a club in the Champions League and he reiterated his desire to move during a meeting with United’s hierarchy on Tuesday. Chelsea, Bayern Munich, Real Madrid and Paris Saint-Germain have already rejected the chance to sign the 37-year-old this summer, even though he has indicated that he would be willing to take a significant pay cut. Atletico have also explored the possibility of signing Ronaldo but the Spanish club would need to offload either Antoine Griezmann or Alvaro Morata in order to finance a move. But Atletico’s fans made their feelings clear during the club’s friendly against Numancia on Wednesday evening as they held up a banner during the game which read: ‘CR7 not welcome’. Atletico’s international union of fan clubs (Union Internacional de Penas Atletico de Madrid) have also taken the same stance, claiming that Ronaldo ‘represents the antithesis of the values that are the hallmarks of our Atleti, such as effort, generosity, simplicity and humility’. ‘Given the possibility that the signing of Cristiano Ronaldo is more than just a rumour we express our absolute rejection of any hypothetical incorporation into our club,’ Union ATM said in a statement. ‘The aforementioned player represents the antithesis of the values that are the hallmarks of our Atleti, such as effort, generosity, simplicity and humility. ‘Even in the unlikely event that a player in steep decline such as Cristiano Ronaldo could secure a title; we would not accept his signing. ‘The sense of belonging to our Atletico is not something that is within his reach, to his misfortune, so he could never achieve our affection or recognition. ‘Therefore, we ask the club to reject his possible signing, if he has ever been considered.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 