Princess Charlotte has told Lionesses ‘I hope you win’ in a sweet video before the Euro 2022 final. The seven-year-old wished England good luck alongside dad Prince William, hours before the team takes on Germany tonight. The young royal’s well wishes come as millions cross their fingers for the squad to secure the first major tournament title for an England team since 1966. In the recorded message, the Duke of Cambridge said: ‘We both want to wish the Lionesses the best of luck for tonight. ‘You’ve done amazingly well in the competition and we are rooting for you all the way.’ Filmed beside her dad in a garden, Charlotte added: ‘Good luck, I hope you win’. Smiling at the camera, she then waved and said ‘bye’. The fourth in line to the throne is a known football fan and previously told the Lionesses that she’s ‘really good in goal’. Some 90,000 fans are due to fill Wembley Stadium tonight, while millions more watch from homes, pubs and fan zones across the country. Ahead of the 5pm kick-off on Sunday, an all-female RAF flypast will take to the skies. It comes as Prime Minister Boris Johnson also pays tribute to the Lionesses squad ‘for showing football is not just for boys’. In a letter addressed to manager Sarina Wiegman, captain Leah Williamson and the England team, the outgoing Tory leader said: ‘Your passion for the game, your tenacity in tricky spots and above all your astounding talent on the pitch have already created a summer of fantastic memories for millions of us. ‘You can see it in the sold-out stadia, in the packed fan zones, in the small children dancing wildly to Sweet Caroline and the TV viewing figures that have seen records crumbling almost as comprehensively as Sweden’s defence did in the semi-final. ‘In any pride it is the lionesses who ruthlessly hunt as a team and bring their prize back home, and I am sure that will be the case against Germany. ‘But whatever happens at Wembley this evening, I know that come tomorrow morning, the pitches and playgrounds and parks of this country will be filled as never before with girls and women who know beyond any shadow of a doubt that football is not just for boys – it really is for anyone. ‘That is all down to you and what you have already achieved. And so, when the referee’s whistle blows tonight, I hope that you are every bit as proud of yourselves as England is of you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.