Macy Gray is under heavy criticism after making ‘transphobic’ comments on Piers Morgan Uncensored, with one fan saying they feel ‘so disappointed’ in the musician. On Monday evening, the I Try singer made an appearance on the TalkTV show, where the topic of conversation turned to conversations about the transgender community in the media. On the same day Hocus Pocus star Bette Midler faced backlash over her view on the use of the word ‘women’ – claiming that women ‘are being stripped of our rights over our bodies, our lives and even our name’ – Morgan, 57, remarked to Gray, 54, that ‘we’re in an era now basically where most public figures are too terrified to even say what they think a woman is’. ‘I know!’ Gray responded, before the host asked her to describe what a woman is. ‘I’d say a human being with boobs. You have to start there. And a vagina!’ she replied, before adding: ‘That’s getting confusing.’ Morgan brought up the debate of trans people competing in sport, saying that while he ‘supports all trans rights to fairness and equality’ – to which Gray agreed – he doesn’t support trans women ‘thrashing the women at their sport’ when ‘born to obvious physical superior bodies’. Gray then said: ‘I totally agree. And I will say this and everyone’s gonna hate me but as a woman, just because you go change your [body] parts, doesn’t make you a woman, sorry.’ ‘Right. You feel that?’ Morgan asked, as the singer continued: ‘I know that for a fact. Like if you want me to call you a her, I will, ‘cause that’s what you want, but that doesn’t make you a woman just ‘cause I call you a her and just because you got a surgery.’ The artist emphasised that in her view, ‘women go through completely unique experiences and surgery or finding yourself doesn’t change that’. When Morgan brought up the subject of JK Rowling being labelled transphobic, he acknowledged that Gray might receive the same description for her comments. ‘But it’s the truth,’ she replied. ‘And I don’t think you should be called transphobic just because you don’t agree with, you know… there’s a lot of judgement and throwing stones at people for just saying what it is.’ While Gray has received some support for her remarks, she has also received heavy criticism, with several people expressing their upset over her opinions. ‘I didn’t have Macy Gray being a terf on my bingo card f**king yikes??? Vis women are so embarrassing like why the f**k you even care. Am I only a woman because of my parts? That’s all we’re limited to?’ one person tweeted. ‘I’m actually disappointed in #macygray saying this. I thought she of all people would be the most understanding with her carefree, outlandish self. But hey,’ another wrote. ‘This one really sucks,’ someone else said, while another put: ‘Everything going on in the world right now and Macy Gray decides to use her platform to instead call out people who are already oppressed and attempt to invalidate them.’ Trans broadcaster India Willoughby also tweeted: ‘Sad and desperate. This is why it’s virtually impossible for anyone trans to work in British media. Easy to dehumanise a group when they’re not represented in the office.’ Morgan came to Gray’s defence: ‘Macy Gray, as she predicted, is already being abused, hounded, shamed & branded ‘transphobic’ by the usual vile, vicious mob who attack women that defend women’s rights. I stand with you @MacyGraysLife – thanks for your courage and honesty.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Gray’s representatives for comment. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bette Midler sparks huge backlash as she wades into debate over use of word ‘women’ in controversial plea MORE : Harry Potter star Bonnie Wright ‘prefers not to comment’ on JK Rowling trans row anymore 