Alfie Boe is having the last laugh with a hilarious tweet after Love Island star Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu referred to him as ‘some guy’ after an epic performance. The singer may have played an instrumental role in finally getting Ekin-Su and Davide to finally said the ‘l word’ to each other, but it appears the actress didn’t have the foggiest who he was. Enjoying a delicious meal in an ampitheatre lit up by dozens of candles, the couple’s idyllic date reached peak romance with a private serenade from Alfie. Returning back to the villa, Ekin-Su couldn’t stop beaming as she told the girls about Davide finally saying: ‘I love you.’ As they grilled her about what happened over the meal, Ekin-Su explained there was also ‘some guy called Alfie Boe’ who performed. Despite the long journey to Mallorca to give the once-in-a-lifetime performance, Alfie has been good natured about Ekin-Su’s complete lack of awareness of who he was. Taking to Twitter, he wrote: ‘Hi… @ekinsuofficial I’m the “guy called Alfie Boe” @LoveIsland #LoveIsland.’ We are dying. Naturally, fans of the ITV2 programme were also quick to mock Ekin-Su on Twitter for her lack of classical music knowledge. A Love Island lover wrote: ‘No one knowing who Alfie Boe is is making my evening #LoveIsland.’ Another joked: ‘I stan Ekin-Su even harder for not having a clue who Alfie Boe is #LoveIsland.’ ‘They defo didn’t know that was Alfie Boe #loveisland,’ a fan observed. Will the confession of love, and perhaps one of the most epic dates in Love Island history help Ekin-Su and Davide’s chances? Along with them, just four couples remain: Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack, Adam and Paige, Luca Bish and Gemma Owen and Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne makes subtle dig at Jacques O’Neill during romantic date with Adam Collard MORE : We say we want more love in Love Island – we’re kidding ourselves Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 