After almost three years in power, Boris Johnson resigned as Tory party leader yesterday, to the delight of some and to the dismay of others. He’s expected to step down as Prime Minister before October, but opportunities for him in the future are far from limited. Like previous PMs such as Tony Blair and David Cameron, Mr Johnson will most likely write a political memoir and take part in a speaking tour. Mr Blair earned up to £5million for his 2007 memoir, ‘A Journey’, and earns up to £300,000 each time he talks at a speaking circuit. It is thought Mr Cameron made £1.5million with his book, ‘For the Record’, while he earns around £120,000 to speak at events. So it is safe to say Mr Johnson, his wife Carrie and the rest of the family won’t be strapped for cash after leaving No 10. Neil Martin, senior agent at speakers booking agency NMP Live said the outgoing Prime Minister could command ‘six figure’ sums on the speaking circuit. ‘For someone like Boris, he will get snapped up with a bureau, he has always done speaking,’ he said. However, he said Mr Johnson would make less in the UK than on the international stage. ‘You tend to find with people in his position that there’s less popularity in their own country. ‘So everyone knows Tony Blair did extremely well on the speaking circuit, but the British people see your own Prime Ministers and leaders very differently to the rest of the world. ‘Everyone has got their opinion on Tony Blair and all that sort of thing. Tony Blair’s vast income from speaking has come from America and Asia. ‘Businesses in the UK aren’t going to pay a fortune to hear Tony Blair speak. It’s just one of those things, and the same with Cameron. ‘Cameron has made a lot of money doing speaking, but I would imagine that the bookings in the UK are a lot less than they are internationally – and it’s going to be the same for Boris.’ Mr Martin said that Mr Johnson would not earn ‘big bucks’ in the UK, pointing out that the ‘whole reason’ he’s on his way out is ‘due to popularity’. He added: ‘While there will be some British businesses, associations and institutions that will pay to hear him speak, as he’s our own Prime Minister we kind of know what he has got to say in that sense, and his opinions on a lot of things, and because of his popularity he’s not going to earn big bucks over here. ‘He will get snapped up, probably by a large American speaker agency that will get him more work in the vast territory that is America and Asia than in the UK.’ Mr Johnson also has some assets to fall back on, making him and his family even more secure. The pair own a massive £1.2million house in Camberwell, south London and they both own 20% of Stanley Johnson’s farm in Somerset. Mr Johnson is no stranger to book deals, having previously been paid £500,000 in advance by Hodder & Stoughton for a book he wrote about Shakespeare. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.