Dame Deborah James’s children Hugo and Eloise each read a poem at her private funeral in west London on Wednesday following her death at the age of 40. Hugo, 14, who carried his mother’s wicker coffin into the church along with his father Sebastien Bowen, read a poem he had written himself while his sister Eloise, 12, also delivered a piece. Husband Sebastien delivered a eulogy and family friend and classically-trained jazz singer Natalie Rushdie, who is married to novelist Salmon Rushdie’s son Zafar, sang Tell Me It’s Not True. The family came out of St Mary’s Church in Barnes in silence and bowed their heads before leaving for a private wake, as Dame Deborah’s coffin was driven away from the church. Before the service, Sebastien was pictured walking behind his late wife’s casket with Eloise and Hugo by his side. The family members each clasped their hands in front of them as they strolled solemnly, with loved ones following them. Lorraine, who was close with James and worked with her on a campaign surrounding bowel cancer on her show, was seen arriving at the church dressed in all black as she prepared to pay her respects. Gaby Roslin was also spotted arriving. Lorraine and Gaby, who were both friends of Dame Deborah, carried a wreath of white flowers as they filed into the West London venue alongside family members. A note attached to the flowers referenced James’ husband Sebastian Bowen and their children Eloise, 12, and Hugo, 14. It read: ‘Deborah, thank you to our extraordinary friend. You together with Seb, Eloise and Hugo are such an important part of our family, we will love and miss you forever.’ They also carried a music sheet for the song Tell Me It’s Not True from the musical Blood Brothers with a picture of Dame Deborah. McFly singer Tom and his wife, podcaster and author Giovanna, were in attendance, holding hands as they arrived at the church. The church bells chimed at 12.30pm ahead of the intimate service starting at 1pm, which will include readings and music from relatives. Presenter, author, and campaigner James died after a battle with bowel cancer in June this year. James was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in December 2016 and was told early on that she may not live beyond five years. She had charted her cancer journey on her Instagram account as well as her podcast; You, Me and the Big C alongside Steve Bland and Lauren Mahon and, in the final weeks of her life, raised more than £6million for Cancer Research UK. Following her death, the fundraiser topped £7million. Lorraine recently said she doesn’t feel she has fully processed James’ death. Tributes poured in for the late star, including recently from her podcast co-host Laura. ‘We say quite explicitly that the world and the country are mourning the Dame, a fabulous force of nature who always looked dolled up to the nines, told it how it was, raised millions of pounds for life-saving cancer research, but the person we miss is the deviant, our Deb,’ she said. ‘The woman who had the most outrageous cackle, the woman who would show up to recordings disheveled, and the twinkle in her eye. ‘When we were doing the podcast it was lovely to recount the memories of our Deb. We’ve had her for so many more years than we thought we would. ‘The thing is we are in one of the dark phases now, but there is so much light and there always has been. I am incredibly proud of us.’ James had undergone many operations and treatments, including experimental drugs, throughout her bowel cancer battle, including a stay in hospital in July 2021 after finding out an aggressive new tumour near her liver had wrapped itself around her bile duct, causing an infection. In May, James moved into end-of-life hospice care. During the final months of her life, she launched the Bowelbabe fund for Cancer Research UK. In recognition of her incredible efforts, she received a Damehood, and received a visit from Prince William, who also paid tribute following her death, along with his wife, Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge. They said: ‘We are so sad to hear the heartbreaking news about Dame Deborah. Our thoughts are with her children, her family and her loved ones. ‘Deborah was an inspirational and unfalteringly brave woman whose legacy will live on.’ MORE : ‘She had the most outrageous cackle and twinkle in her eye’: Dame Deborah James remembered by podcast co-host MORE : Lorraine Kelly ‘still hasn’t processed’ death of Dame Deborah James as she raises glass in her memory 