Tantric sex can seem intimidating. Our hurried lifestyles are at odds with this slowed down, hyper sensual form of sex – and that can make it feel awkward. However, tantric sex can be super rewarding, as it creates a deeper sense of connection with your partner and can unlock new ways of experiencing pleasure you might have missed before. Tantric sex isn’t about the big O – like we’re so used to be told sex should focus on – it’s about the build up and the exploration before that. Sunni Joy, a tantric energy healer, tells us: ‘Tantric sex is all about connection. ‘It is about connecting to yourself and to your sex partner, by aligning your sexuality with the sacred, your soul, energy, spirit, thought, or whatever language you use to describe the intangible aspect of our humanity. ‘It is about sensuality and taking the time to connect with the vibration of sexual energy, not just focusing on the physical. ‘With a partner, you will feel oneness. ‘You will feel what they feel, and they will feel what you feel. You will lose track of where each of you begins and ends.’ That sounds pretty intoxicating. If you’re completely new to tantric sex, you might by unsure of how to dive in. Sunni says: ‘Start by connecting with yourself. ‘You can begin by becoming more aware of and in tune with your senses, by becoming more sensitive to the vibrational field that we are a part of in the universe. ‘Take a few deep breaths, and feel the air as it moves through your body.’ There’s a lot of prep you can do before the day you try tantric sex too, which can psychologically get you into a more sensual state of mind. ‘Do yoga, dance, or your favorite physical activity and feel the flow. Meditate. Spend time in nature and become aware of the smells and sounds that surround you,’ Sunni suggests. ‘Enjoy the way a breeze feels when it brushes against your skin. Sit by the ocean and become one with the ebb and the flow of the water. ‘Masturbate with a sense of love for yourself. Set a mood with candles, incense and/or soft music.’ Once you have explored with slowed down sensations outside of sex, give things a try. Sunni says: ‘Don’t take it so seriously. ‘There isn’t a right or a wrong way to do this. Remember that pleasure is your birthright. Breathe. ‘Don’t just race to the finish, pay attention to all the sensations that you feel.’ You need to give yourself and your partner permission to slow down while accepting it might feel unnatural or unusual at first. She adds: ‘Don’t get caught up in what is “normal” as we are all wired differently. What you get from this practice is subjective and totally yours. Be kind to yourself.’ There are some starter ways to begin that might be ideal if you’re feeling awkward or nervous. Sunni says: ‘With a partner, engage in eye gazing. ‘Sit face to face with your partner and look into each other’s eyes for an extended time. It may feel strange at first but push through. ‘As they say, the eyes are the window to the soul and this practice will foster intimacy and closeness. ‘Another thing to try is circular breathing. Sit in an entwined lotus position with your partner, genitals to genitals. ‘Bring your mouth close to your partner’s as if you are about to join in a kiss. As you inhale, your partner exhales, and then vice versa.’ Enjoy. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Hair loss and reduced sex drive are long Covid symptoms, says study MORE : How to have sex in a heatwave – the best positions and top tips to keep cool MORE : I went to a sex party with my partner