Stacey Solomon’s wedding preparations to Joe Swash are well underway. The Loose Women star has given her £1.2million Essex mansion an incredible makeover ahead of her big day. In October this year, the former X Factor contestant gave birth to a baby girl called Rose, her second child that she shares with her fiancé, Joe. Stacey and Joe also share a son called Rex, who was born in 2019, while Stacey has two older sons and is stepmum to Joe’s son from a previous relationship. The couple became engaged in December 2020, but had to postpone their nuptials due to the pandemic and Stacey’s pregnancy. In her latest Instagram post, Stacey, 32, gave fans a glimpse of her planning to actor Joe, 40,  as they prepare to say ‘I do’ in a romantic ceremony at their home, dubbed Pickle Cottage, at the end of this month. After recently creating a gorgeous welcome sign and building a quirky tea wall, Stacey has given her front door a beautiful makeover, and transformed it with a series of white flowers and lanterns. The area is covered with a flower arch featuring dozens of white roses, and a ‘Mr & Mrs’ sign has been attached to the front door. The flowers spill out onto the pavement and a series of mini-white lanterns have been placed across the concrete steps which lead to Stacey and Joe’s front door. The mum-of-four couldn’t contain her excitement as she proudly showcased her stunning creation, and shared a string of photos of her posing in front of the wedding display. Her daughter and pup were also enjoying the preparations. Stacey and 39-year-old Joe met for the very first time on the set of I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! moments after she was crowned the winner of the 2010 series. She has previously showed two of her older sons the moment of their first, brief meeting, where 2008 winner Joe gave the new Queen of the Jungle a congratulatory hug, and it was just about the cutest thing ever. ‘Wedding Door done,’ she captioned the snaps, alongside photos of baby Rose. ‘This will forever be my favourite door of all time… I can not believe it’s already July. And we are getting married at the end of the month Happy July Everyone. Love you all. I can’t believe it’s actually happening.’ Stacey also revealed she had incorporated something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue into the theme of the door display. ‘Something old – the horseshoes we found in pickle cottage when we moved in. Something new – the Mr & Mrs sign. Something borrowed – @emlouflowers Leant me some of her beautiful white Roses and eucalyptus. SomeThing blue – the sky as we finished it,’ she continued. She had been documenting her day on her Instagram Stories and revealed that her close pal Em had been helping her with design. ‘Thank you Em I love you. Felt like Thelma & Louise these last two days.’ We can’t wait to see the rest of the decor! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Joe Swash’s wild stag do in Ibiza with Rob Beckett, Dean Gaffney and ‘biggest liability’, fiancée Stacey Solomon’s dad MORE : Stacey Solomon praised for resurfaced comments on Royal Family amid Platinum Jubilee: ‘I don’t get why we’re so obsessed with these people’ 