British tourists may need to show Spain’s border officials that they have €100 (£85) for every day they spend on holiday in the country, the Spanish Government says. Post-Brexit regulations mean that Brits will be treated as citizens from ‘third countries’ – different to those from the EU, impacting freedoms while visiting Europe. Spanish immigration staff may also ask Brits to prove they have a return ticket or proof of accommodation while in the country and passports will now need to be stamped. On the Interior Ministry’s requirements for entry, tourists are told: ‘Currently, the minimum amount to be credited is €100 per person per day, with a minimum of €900 or its legal equivalent in foreign currency.’ That means that a group of five staying for a week would in theory need to prove they had access to €3,500 (£2,955) – or €7,000 (£5,910), for a fortnight’s holiday. It comes amid growing concerns about the impact of Brexit on travel, with major tailbacks at Dover and other ports and Brits facing delays in immigration queues across Europe. Spain’s Interior Ministry did not immediately respond when contacted by Metro.co.uk. However, it has been widely quoted as saying: ‘Foreigners from third countries must prove if required to do so by the officials in charge of controlling the entry of people into Spanish territory, that they have economic resources for entering the country, through cash, traveller’s cheques, payment letters, or credit cards, which must also be proven to have sufficient funds available on them.’ In practice, the regulations seem unlikely to be applied to all travellers trying to get into the country, but some could be spot checked to see if they have the necessary funds and meet the other requirements. The UK Foreign Office declined to comment. But its travel advice for Spain states: ‘At Spanish border control, you may need to: ‘Show a return or onward ticket… show you have enough money for your stay… show proof of accommodation for your stay… for example, a hotel booking confirmation, proof of address if visiting your own property (e.g. second home), or an invitation from your host or proof of their address if staying with a third party, friends or family. ‘The Spanish government has clarified that the “carta de invitation” is one of the options available to prove that you have accommodation if staying with friends or family.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Everyone in UK to pay another £300 for Brexit – on top of £1,000 it’s already cost you