Luca Bish and Gemma Owen face trouble in paradise as tensions unfolded following the return of Movie Night, with Luca clashing with Casa Amor bombshell, Billy Brown. Movie Night is a fan favourite segment, as it allows the Islanders to see clips of antics that have happened when the couples have been tempted by newcomers. Friday’s episode saw the contestants take part in a quiz to earn the right to choose whose dirty laundry gets played on the big screen in front of everyone. Gemma received the text message which read: ‘It’s time to get glam and hit the red carpet as you attend Mad Movies the premiere! #SpillThePopcorn #ITV2andChill’. After winning the quiz question, the boys asked to see a clip titled, She’s just not that into you, which starred Gemma and Dami Hope. The daughter of Michael Owen, 19, was insinuating that her head could be turned by another boy, before she was seen chatting with Billy in the kitchen. He asked if he could hug her, to which she told him that a protective Luca would ‘tell him off’. ‘Mates don’t hug’, she responded, all the while Luca was sitting on the beanbags, blissfully unaware. However, despite Gemma laughing off the encounter and not feeling like there was any wrongdoing, Luca didn’t feel the same. After watching the clip, the fishmonger was full of expletives: ‘F***ing muggy. I got made out to be like a f***ing p***k.’ Expressing his frustrations to Billy, he said: ‘I am 100% bringing that up. She’s just saying what everyone else is saying and has been telling me, which is that you’re cracking on with her. ‘You were flirting. I don’t care, you can crack on, it’s Love Island but I was made out to be an idiot for it.’ He added: ‘I can’t stand f***ing liars. I got made out to be overprotective or whatever. If you wanna flirt, I’ll flirt. Drop me a f***ing bombshell in here now.’ It remains to be seen whether Luca and Gemma will survive this bump in the road – could there be rocky waters ahead for one of the strongest couples in the villa? The pair only recently told one another that they love them and went on their first proper date – what does this mean for them now? But, it wasn’t just Gemma and Luca whose relationship was shaken during movie night, as the boys also won the right to choose a second clip after winning another quiz question, this time choosing to view, I know what Ekin-Su did last summer. It showed the Turkish actress getting intimate in Casa Amor with another boy and later asking him to keep it a secret, having told her partner Davide Sanclimenti that nothing happened while she was away. In the beach hut, Davide said: ‘Apparently she had something in Casa Amor with that boy… the point is not that she had something, the point is that why you lied again. Why you, Ekin-Su, need to lie to me?’. Davide appeared wary going into the challenge telling the boys: ‘Forget nothing, at the end someone will pay the bill.’ Ekin-Su and Davide are now known to bicker like an old married couple, but might this be the argument that tips them over the edge? Time will tell. Friday’s episode also saw islanders Josh Le Grove and Coco Lodge dumped from the villa after the public voted for their favourite boy and girl. It was revealed at the end of Thursday’s episode that the boys with the fewest votes included Andrew Le Page and Deji Adeniyi while the girls with the fewest votes featured Summer Botwe and Tasha Ghouri, but ultimately it was the Casa Amor newbies who were sent packing. Love Island continues at 9pm on Saturday on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island final date ‘confirmed’ – and there’s not long left MORE : Love Island producer sets record straight on rumours Jacques O’Neill was asked to leave show 