Mercedes have announced that Sir Lewis Hamilton will not take part in the first practice session for this weekend’s French Grand Prix. In a new rule for the 2022 season, every Formula 1 team is mandated to run a rookie driver in two practice sessions across the year. Mercedes reserve driver Nyck de Vries has been chosen to run in place of seven-time world champion Hamilton, while later in the season George Russell will give up his seat for a Friday practice. It is perhaps surprising that the Silver Arrows have chosen France for one of theses slots, given that the recent improvements to the W13 car, plus the smooth and favourable layout of the Paul Ricard Circuit, have led some to believe that the team have a real chance of securing their first win of the season this weekend. ‘We’re looking forward to seeing how he [De Vries] gets on,’ Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff said on Wednesday. ‘Our understanding of the W13 is growing with every lap and it’s encouraging to see that reflected in our development and results. While we were quicker in Austria, we still weren’t quick enough to challenge at the front. ‘We need to keep chasing those final few tenths and bringing new developments to the cars, including this weekend in France. ‘Paul Ricard is a very different track and challenge. It has smooth tarmac and a wide range of corner types, along with long straights. The aim will be to make further inroads on the gap to the front and hopefully be back on the podium.’ Russell and Hamilton are fifth and sixth in the standings behind the Red Bull and Ferrari drivers, while Mercedes are 122 points behind leaders Red Bull in the constructors’ championship. The reigning Formula E champion, De Vries has long been linked with an F1 seat and earlier in the season at the Spanish Grand Prix he drove in practice for Williams. So far the only other team to have let a rookie practice this year is Red Bull, through Formula 2 driver Juri Vips, although the Estonian is no longer part of their racing programme after he used a racial slur during a live stream back in June. MORE : Ferrari boss insists they will not impose team orders on Charles Leclerc and Carlos Sainz Jr. MORE : Saudi Arabia adds F1 team to sport investments alongside Newcastle United and LIV Golf with Aston Martin deal For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 