Ghislaine Maxwell has been moved to a low-security women’s-only federal prison where she can take part in an inmate talent show, teach yoga and learn baking. The disgraced socialite, serving 20 years for acting as sex trafficker Jeffrey Epstein’s ‘madam’, will also be able to pick up trades such as plumbing or cosmetology at the Florida jail. She is now doing time at the Federal Correctional Institution, Tallahassee, close to where she lured underage girls for her ex-lover. The choice of prison by the Bureau Of Prisons (BOP) is against the recommendation of Judge Alison Nathan, who oversaw Maxwell’s trial for recruiting and trafficking underage girls for paedophile Epstein – found dead at his New York jail cell aged 66 in 2019. His death came at the same prison where Maxwell, 60, has spent months claiming the regime was subjecting her to breaches of her human rights. Judge Nathan had asked the BOP to send her to FCI Danbury, Connecticut, according to the Daily Mail. Maxwell hated her time at the notoriously tough Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, where she has been held since her arrest in July 2020. Her lawyers accused prison authorities of violating her rights by shining a torch in her cell every 15 minutes and subjecting her to invasive searches while putting her under constant filmed surveillance. Maxwell was convicted after a trial in December in which her victims testified that she lured them to Epstein when they were as young as 14. During the sentencing Maxwell said she wanted to ‘acknowledge‘ the pain of her victims, but stopped short of a full apology. Her lawyers have already filed a notice saying they will appeal the conviction and the sentence. Oxford-educated Maxwell was found guilty on five of six counts, the most serious of which involved sex trafficking minors. The charges stemmed from crimes committed against four women between 1994 and 2004, mainly at Epstein’s mansion in Palm Beach, a five-hour drive from her new prison. FCI Tallahassee, which opened in 1938, has a population of 755 female inmates. The prison handbook says Maxwell will be woken at 6am every day and be issued an inmate identification card she must always wear. Each period of the day is announced over the tannoy and includes exercise sessions and work. The handbook adds the approved uniform is khaki pants, khaki shirt, underwear, bra, socks, and authorized shoes, with a khaki dress also allowed. Maxwell will be allowed to wear a plain wedding band, even though her marriage to former tech entrepreneur Scott Borgerson is over and they are understood to be divorcing. While at the MDC Maxwell had taught fellow inmates yoga and English. According to prison consultancy the Zoukis Consulting Group, yoga is available to prisoners at FCI Tallahassee, along with pilates, softball, flag football and frisbee. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.