Love Island’s Jacques O’Neill’s mum has spoken out for the first time since the contestant left the villa in an explosive exit. Jacques made the heart-breaking decision to leave the hit ITV2 show on Tuesday, telling his partner Paige Thorne in tearful scenes that he didn’t feel he was being himself. The day before the rugby player dramatically quit, he had become enraged when he heard what bombshell Adam Collard said about him to Paige, angrily telling Billy Brown to ‘f**k off’ so he could speak to her alone about what was said. Taking to Instagram, the 23-year-old’s mum shared an update on Jacques, telling her followers in a post: ‘He is home.’ The caption was accompanied by a fan TikTok video of Jacques, soundtracked to Kodaline’s song Brother. The video shows tender moments of Jacques’ relationship with Paige, including one clip of him massaging the 24-year-old’s back, as well as his bromance with Luca Bish. Jacques had a tumultuous relationship with Paige, with viewers enraged he cheated on her with Cheyanne Kerr in Casa Amor, while she remained loyal. However, Paige’s loved ones have got Jacques’ back following his departure from Love Island, urging her fans to ‘be kind’ to him. Posting on her social media accounts, Paige’s nearest and dearest wrote: ‘Little note that #BeKind applies to Paige too. ‘If she decides to leave the villa, that is her own decision, and she has no obligation to follow Jacques – this is her experience just as much as his. They went on to add: ‘There is only 2.5 weeks left of her once in a lifetime experience, let’s not see her come out to negativity.’ Jacques promised Paige he would wait for her ‘on the outside’ and revealed his desires to become her boyfriend. But will Paige’s head be turned? Fans have already been predicting she could couple up with Casa Amor bombshell Billy Brown. Watch this space… Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 