When Autumn Eyles, seven, was given a ‘glowing’ report by her year two teachers at Wingrave Church of England School in Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, she took it upon herself to return the favour: by writing her own report for her teachers. ‘She’s always busy buzzing away writing, creating books, writing stories, which all invariably involve someone she knows,’ mum Caroline Eyles, 39, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘But then, while I’m putting my son down, I leave her in my bed where she was writing, and when I came in, she told me she’d written these [report cards] for the teachers. ‘I just read them and I was like, “oh, wow”. ‘She told me she had given them reports “like they did me”, and asked if she could give them to her teachers the next day.’ Caroline says she doesn’t know why Autumn decided to write her teachers report cards. ‘She clearly just thought this was the thing that you do: they give you a report and you give them a report,’ she explains. The youngster called one of her teachers, who is currently pregnant, a ‘superstar’. On her makeshift report card, which came complete with an illustration, Autumn wrote: ‘Dear Mrs Neaves, I bet you are struggling with your baby but you are being a superstar with it so I’m excited for what it is and you are being good to learn the class still.’ To her headteacher, she wrote: ‘Dear Mr Tomsen, you have been the head teacher for so long and I think that is a hard job so I think you should go to the beach and have a break from school because you’ve been working so hard.’ She went on to say that she was impressed by Mr Tomsen’s hard work and that he should be, too. Thankfully, Autumn’s teachers were ‘very touched’ by her reports and found them ‘very funny’. Mr Tomsen said: ‘It was a really lovely gesture and I always appreciate getting feedback from the children.’ Mrs Neaves added: ‘What teacher wouldn’t want to be called a superstar?’ While Autumn’s report card reversal move was bold, ultimately, she just wanted to make her teachers happy and show her appreciation. ‘Autumn is such a kind girl, but I wasn’t expecting her kindness to extend to teachers, too,’ says Caroline. ‘But actually, maybe she’s onto something – maybe the teachers should receive a report each year too? ‘Autumn is a very astute little girl and loves to make people feel good and I’m really proud of her.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : My sons are devastated their friends are moving school – I’ll miss their parents just as much MORE : Boy put in ‘school prison’ for wearing shorts to school during heatwave MORE : When is it hot enough for schools to close in the UK?