Tennis rebel Nick Kyrgios has revealed he received a video message from British rapper Stormzy ahead of his Wimbledon 2022 final with Novak Djokovic. The Australian world No.45, notorious for his on-court outbursts and controversial post-match press conferences, enjoyed his best-ever Grand Slam run at this year’s Championships as he reached his first major final. He was beaten by Djokovic over four sets but the match had several high-profile incidents, with Kyrgios getting a ‘drunk’ heckling fan kicked out for having ‘700 drinks’ and the 27-year-old facing jeers for producing an underarm serve. Kyrgios has an opinion-dividing reputation and his Wimbledon run also had several other flashpoints – such as when he called a line judge a ‘snitch’ and when he was labelled an ‘evil bully’ by world No.4 Stefanos Tsitsipas after their clash. However, he has received support from world-famous grime musician Stormzy, who sent a message to the tennis star prior to his final against Djokovic. ‘Nick, we’re rooting for you my boy,’ Stormzy said in a video message. ‘Come on, I’m here for you bro, yeah.’ Kyrgios responded, posting: ‘Stormzy brother I did my best.’ Kyrgios also spat in the direction of a spectator during SW19, continuously broke Wimbledon’s strict dress code and was involved in arguments with journalists. He is currently facing an assault charge for an incident involving his ex-girlfriend  Chiara Passari, which allegedly occurred in December 2021. Kyrgios recently opened up about his battle with mental health, admitting to struggles with suicidal thoughts, self-harming and binge drinking. His run to the Wimbledon final is being turned into a Netflix documentary, which is set to earn Kyrgios millions. ‘Myself, my team, we are so exhausted,’ Kyrgios said after the Wimbledon final. ‘We played so much tennis. I need a well-earned vacation after this one! ‘I’m just really happy with this result, it’s the best of my career, and hopefully one day I’ll be here again.’ MORE : Nick Kyrgios breaks silence on allegations he assaulted his ex-girlfriend MORE : Nick Kyrgios Netflix documentary 'set to earn millions' for tennis bad boy For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 