Rita Ora and Taika Waititi looked more loved up than ever as they shared a sweet kiss on the blue carpet at the premiere of Thor: Love and Thunder. The I Will Never Let You Down singer was among the many celebrities getting a sneaky first look at the new Marvel movie ahead of its release in cinemas on Friday, and put on an affectionate display at the glitzy event in London on Tuesday night. The 31-year-old artist walked hand in hand with her fiancé, who directed the upcoming film, as she showed up in support of him. Rita radiated elegance in a silver Saab Haute Couture dress that was embellished with sparkly jewels. She wore a pair of metallic platform heels and accessorised her look with a pair of diamond chandelier style earrings. Meanwhile, Taika looked dapper in a blue suit with a black lapel and matching black bow tie. In one photo, the couple was pictured posing with one arm wrapped around each other, while another showed Rita planting a kiss on her husband-to-be’s cheek. Taika was also joined by his two daughters Matewa Kiritapu and Te Hinekāhu, who he shares with his ex-wife, film producer Chelsea Winstanle, and proudly wrapped his arms around them. Rita and Taika have mostly kept their romance on the down low since they started dating last year, but it seems they’re becoming more confident with displaying their affection in public. Masked Singer panellist Rita played coy when initially asked about their relationship, and told Australian Vogue last September: ‘I’m in a great place in my life, that’s all I’m going to say about that.’ Since then, they’ve enjoyed a series of high-profile events together and haven’t been shy about cosying up on the red carpet. Elsewhere at the Thor: Love and Thunder premiere, Tessa Thompson stunned in a gold Oscar de la Renta dress. Tessa, who plays Valkyrie in the film, posed up a storm alongside co-star Natalie Portman, who wore a red Dior minidress, and stopped for a photo with Taika and Pom Klementieff. Chris Hemsworth and Natalie are reunited to take on the villainous God Butcher (Christian Bale) in the new movie. The upcoming film sees the God of Thunder (Hemsworth) set out on a new journey for inner peace, during which he is joined, much to his surprise, by his ex-girlfriend Jane Foster (Portman). The actress, 40, who played Foster in the first two Thor movies in 2011 and 2013, will return to the franchise after nearly a decade to star as Mighty Thor. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 