When you think of a classic shoe, what comes to mind? Is it a nude heeled pump? A pair of white trainers? Or an ankle boot? For me, it’s a loafer. Love them or hate them, loafers have all the makings of a classic. Comfortable, versatile and seriously stylish, the loafer is a ‘must-have’ weapon in any fashion arsenal. However, while I love and adore them, I do recognise how they can move into dowdy territory. When styled in the wrong way, a loafer can look unbecoming, but with some fashion flair, a loafer can complete and even elevate a look. In colder times, a loafer has a range of outfits it can complement. Worn with jeans and knit, a casual chic heaven is created. When paired with a suit or under a mini dress with tights, you have a fashion forward work of art. Summer can most definitely be trickier but a loafer can work just as well in warmer months. Think linen sets and midi dresses. Wear denim shorts and a white t-shirt and edge up the look with a black chunky platform pair. Options are endless and a great way to ease your way into the world of loafers is to choose a backless pair. Mule loafers are not only look great but allow for a more feminine approach to dressing and are a good gateway to an eventual edgier option. Fashion inspiration when it comes to loafers is expansive. Hailey Bieber and Dakota Johnson have all championed the loafer look in the past and seeking out celebrity inspiration is a prime choice if you need some guidance. Below are just some of our favourite loafer inspiration nuggets. Whether you want classic styles or more trendy options, there’s a wide range of loafer options on offer. Try chunky if you want to add some height and length and stick to softer styles for a more traditional approach. For something a little dressier, opt for a higher heel. We love Vagabond’s Bianco shoe with its chain detail. Meanwhile, for a picture-perfect summer loafer try Dune’s slip on nude loafers with rafia effect. Get them for £36 at ASOS Get them for £125 at Office Get them for £95 at & Other Stories Get them for £35 at M&S Get them for £50 at River Island Get them for £45 at Dune Get them for £190 at Revolve Get them for £18 at ASOS This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best places to go shopping in Paris MORE : The Hot List: This summer’s finest fashion and beauty buys MORE : Has Love Island’s slow fashion approach inspired us to shop sustainably – or could they have done more?