British officials had to provide pop up tents after an RNLI lifeboat station was judged ‘unsuitable’ for large numbers of people rescued from the English Channel. The Home Office went online to buy the emergency shelters on the grounds that ‘we are no longer permitted to shelter migrants in the lifeboat station awaiting collection’. The contingency measure was taken in Dungeness last November when the number of small boat arrivals was at its highest point in four years. Although the RNLI carries out rescues and brings people ashore, the working boathouses have heavy machinery and are needed to refuel and relaunch craft to new SOS calls. It is understood the tents, which cost £4,254, provided a source of warmth and support for people who had arrived on beaches in Kent at a time when weight of numbers made shelter in the station unfeasible. Campaign group Refugee Action told Metro.co.uk that the disclosure underscored the need to create safe routes for people fleeing war, poverty and persecution in their homelands. Chief executive Tim Naor Hilton said: ‘It’s shameful that people are left to risk their lives crossing the Channel in rickety boats because the government refuses to create routes to travel to the UK to claim asylum here. ‘Ministers’ focus on keeping people out rather than keeping people safe simply drives up demand for criminal smugglers and ignores the powerful reasons why refugees come to the UK, such as family and language. ‘The government must dump its hostile and ineffective approach to refugee protection and create a system that welcomes people fleeing war and persecution and supports them to rebuild their lives.’ The RNLI has been on the frontline of an upsurge in asylum seekers making the hazardous crossing across the Channel. Last December, Metro.co.uk told how up to 86 people, including more than 10 children, had been rescued by the independent charity from one rigid inflatable boat. Officials provided the tents, ordered from online retailer Dancover UK, in a month when mild weather for the time of year contributed to the peak of the exodus across the Channel. The reason given for the purchase is stated as: ‘Emergency pop up tents for use in Dungeness as we are no longer permitted to shelter migrants in the Lifeboat Station awaiting collection.’ Other transactions show that Home Office officials ordered large amounts of food and water for asylum seekers who were staying overnight at the Tug Haven facility in Dover because no other accommodation was available. On November 15, crisps, biscuits and pastries were provided for more than 1,000 people. The provisions were for ‘migrants who had to stay overnight due to having no other suitable space to go to’, according to the dataset. The facility is intended as a ‘triage’ area to identify any medical needs, vulnerabilities or criminality before moving people on to other places. A spokesperson for the RNLI said: ‘When the RNLI rescues casualties and brings them ashore at the nearest safe haven, we pass them, as soon as possible, to the care of the most appropriate agency. ‘This may be the ambulance service, police or Border Force, depending on their circumstances. Our boathouses are often unsuitable spaces for casualties as we need to operate heavy machinery in and around them to clean and refuel our lifeboats so they are ready for our volunteer crews to respond to further calls for help. ‘We work with partners to make sure that casualties have the most appropriate safe space for them, and the most effective care and response as quickly as possible, when they are ashore.’ Small boat crossings have continued as the government presses on with controversial plans to send some asylum seekers arriving in the UK via unauthorised routes to Rwanda on one-way flights. The ‘relocation’ scheme is subject to legal challenges by groups including Care4Calais, who managed to stop the first intended flight on June 14. Liz Truss, who is battling Rishi Sunak in the Tory leadership contest, has said she will ‘not cower’ to the European Court of Human Rights, whose intervention led to the abandonment of the first removal while the plane was on the runway in Salisbury. Sunak has also said he would oppose the court if made prime minister and has pledged to introduce an annual cap on the number of refugees admitted to the UK. According to official government data, 28,526 people were detected arriving in small boats last year, compared with 8,466 the year before. November marked the highest number or arrivals in four years, with 6,971 new arrivals making the perilous crossing. Campaign groups and MPs have previously raised concerns about the arrangements made to receive people who have made the journey, including at Napier camp in Kent. In June 2021, the High Court ruled that the former Army base near Folkestone was unsuitable for use as asylum accommodation. People who have been housed there have spoken of harrowing experiences. A Home Office spokesperson said: ‘The rise in dangerous Channel crossings is unacceptable, and the Home Office is committed to ensuring taxpayer’s money is spent in the most effective way. ‘These emergency tents were vital safeguarding provisions to shelter migrant arrivals for whom we have a duty of care.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.