The Love Island 2022 moment we’ve all been waiting for has happened… Gemma Owen has finally revealed that ex-footballer Michael Owen is her dad. Gemma, 19, is the eldest daughter of the ex-footballing ace and his childhood sweetheart Louise Ball, yet despite being the daughter of a sporting legend, Gemma’s managed to keep it under wraps for quite some time now. She recently referenced him in the Beach Hut, and an ex-Islander admitted that the contestants had all known ‘from the second day’, but viewers had been waiting for the dressage rider to actually mention Michael. And it finally happened. Not only did Gemma mention the footballer she was related to, but she also revealed that she went to nursery with David Beckham’s sons! One of the villa’s newest residents, Antigoni Buxton asked her in the dressing room: ‘Sorry, excuse me if I’m being ignorant, but is your dad like very very well-known? He played for England, right?’, to which Gemma replied: ‘Yeah.’ Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, who was also doing her make-up, then piped up: ‘Do you like David Beckham’s sons?’, with Gemma then responding: ‘Well, I went to nursery with his sons, yeah.’ Viewers were pretty thrilled the moment finally happened, with one writing: ‘The best kept secret since Kylie Jenner hid her pregnancy is out! The Love Islanders know who Gemma’s dad is.’ Another penned: ‘I’m still shocked we have only just heard anything about Gemma’s dad.’ Meanwhile, other fans were more thrown by the Beckham bombshell, with one writing: ‘Gemma just dropping that she grew up with the Beckhams,’ as another commented: ‘LMAAAOOO GEMMA just casually saying she went to school with David Beckham’s kids.’ The girls seemed pretty impressed by the revelation, but recently dumped islander Ikenna Ekwonna confessed the Love Island contestants have known from early on. On Aftersun with Laura Whitmore, Ikenna, sat beside fellow dumped islander Amber Beckford, admitted: ‘We didn’t really know until like the second or third day.’ He added: ‘I don’t think the girls knew, like the guys knew.’ Days before that, in an Unseen Bits clip, Gemma finally mentioned her dad in the privacy of the Beach Hut, although she didn’t name him. Instead, she used his famous footballing phrase following a segment where the islanders were asked to do their best celebrity impression, with Antigoni mimicking her celebrity chef mum, Tonia Buxton. ‘There’s no way I’m going to do my dad,’ Gemma said to the camera, where the other contestants couldn’t hear her. She continued: ‘But people always do the classic, “If they don’t score, they don’t win.” ‘It’s something like that. It’s some bulls**t or whatever,’ she added. Elsewhere, Gemma referenced her dad in a chat with Luca Bish, who she’s currently coupled up with, although she managed to avoid namedropping the footballing legend. Gemma was noting Luca and her father’s similar interests, such as racing and football. He was heard replying: ‘I talk about football all the time. We’ll see if he knows what he’s talking about.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island stars face savage twist as Islanders have to decide who is dumped from the villa in cliffhanger MORE : Love Island’s Jess Shears gives birth to second child with husband Dom Lever  