Love Island viewers are championing Davide Sanclimenti and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu for the win after the couple survived the ultimate relationship test – Casa Amor. Thursday night saw the most dramatic recoupling of the series so far take place as the girls returned from Casa Amor and each Islander was offered the choice to either stick with their coupling or switch after getting to know the bombshells. Luckily for Davide and Ekin-Su shippers (and our blood pressure), they both decided that their connection was just too strong to throw away what they have. It’s been a long road for them to get where they are but the smile on Davide’s face when Ekin-Su walked back into the villa alone after he too chose to stick said it all – despite him joking that he didn’t trust her when chatting with host Laura Whitmore. The pair shared a sweet kiss before sitting down by the fireplace, with Twitter users stating that every other couple is ‘irrelevant’ to them now. ‘Ekin and Davide have just secured their place in the final’, one person tweeted. ‘If Ekin-Su and Davide don’t win, I’ll never watch Love Island again’, stated another. However, it wasn’t all plain sailing in the recoupling, after Davide’s head was turned momentarily when he kissed new girl Mollie and shared a bed with her. Mollie dropped the chaos grenade shortly before exiting the villa, since Davide did not choose to switch to be with her, leaving her single. Naturally, Ekin-Su was fuming, remarking that she felt like she was ‘having a heart attack’ upon hearing the news, visibly shaking with frustration and upset. After pulling Davide to one site to confront him later on, he explained that he wanted to be ‘tested’ and still believes that their connection is genuine. But, something tells us Ekin-Su won’t be letting this go so quickly, especially as she told Davide that she was wearing an orange dress because she felt like a ‘fire pepper.’ Viewers do have faith, though, trusting that the ‘hilarious’, if not sometimes ‘toxic’ couple will go all the way – even if there’s rocky waters ahead when Ekin’s bedtime cuddle with George in Casa is revealed. Other couples that survived the test of Casa Amor include Gemma Owen and Luca Bish, who both stayed loyal and couldn’t run into one another’s arms fast enough upon being reunited. Meanwhile, Paige Thorne and Jacques O’Neill also stayed together, but Paige was left in floods of tears after discovering that Jacques played away while she was gone, leaving them both to question how genuine their relationship is. Love Island continues weeknights at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘May the best heartbreaker win’: Love Island stars in shock as Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope both recouple after Casa Amor MORE : Jacques O’Neill will ‘get away with disgusting behaviour to Paige Thorne’: Love Island body language expert analyses Casa Amor love rat 