A fire which erupted at Salisbury Plain yesterday is still burning and has been sending ‘unimaginable’ levels of smoke into the air. Those living nearby have been urged to keep their windows doors closed to protect themselves from the fumes. People have said they can smell the smoke all the way from Swindon, as a lack of wind makes conditions that much worse. Locals have said they couldn’t go outside even if they wanted to, as they’re greeted with a ‘fog-like blanket’ when they step outside. Yesterday firefighters were told they could not enter the plain to tackle fires on a Ministry of Defence site due to the risk caused by unexploded bombs. A spokesman said all live firing on site had been halted but would not confirm if military activity had started the blaze. The MoD said it was monitoring the spread and said there was no risk to the public. This morning, a spokesperson for Dorset and Wiltshire Fire and Rescue Service said: ‘The Service was advised by the military that there was a fire on Salisbury Plain, but we were not required to attend as it was within the impact area, and it is not safe for firefighters to go there due to the risk of unexploded ordnance. ‘Last night, we did have four fire engines and two water carriers at a fire on the Plain near Enford, outside of the impact area.’ ‘As of 9am this morning (12 July), we have no resources in attendance as the incident is being managed by our colleagues in the military, but we are liaising closely with them and will continue to offer support. ‘If they request it, we may return to the scene if we can safely assist. ‘We are aware the smoke plume is travelling some distance, towards Swindon, and would encourage residents to keep windows and doors closed to avoid breathing this in.’ People have taken to social media to report the ‘unimaginable’ level of smoke they are seeing. ‘No wind coupled with lots of smoke has created this fog-like blanket of smoke across the whole area – and it stinks,’ one person wrote. ‘Can’t open windows and doors or even go outside due to the smoke.’ Another said: ‘Wildfires on Salisbury plain have sent the air pollution up to a 10 where I am, and everything reeks of bonfire. ‘We’re being advised to keep windows and doors shut. On the hottest week of the year.’ Yesterday, an MoD spokesperson said: ‘We are tracking several fires within the Salisbury Plain Training Area and can confirm there is no risk to the public at this time. ‘We are monitoring the fire and maintaining close communications with Dorset and Wiltshire Fire Service, who stand ready to assist should the fire spread beyond the impact area.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.