Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu reportedly sent texts to a pal pre-Love Island admitting she’d be ‘tempted’ to steal the money if she won the ITV2 dating show. Ekin-Su and Davide have been through quite the journey during their time in the Villa, but have really solidified their romance in recent episodes. The duo are now amongst the favourites to go all the way and win this year, after quickly winning over fans, and are both expected to experience success post-Love Island life. However, fans will remember Ekin-Su and Davide both entered the villa as bombshells, with texts reportedly sent by the Turkish actress revealing she could be willing to put a game plan into action. When asked by a friend whether she would think about ‘stealing’ the prize money if she won, she confirmed she would be ‘tempted’. According to The Sun, who claims to have seen the messages, she said: ‘It’s a game show at the end of the day, it’s business. If it’s not genuine I’d be tempted. ‘But I’m at the right age to find the right guy. I know what I’m looking for. I want to find The One.’ In the finale next week, both contestants in the winning couple will be given an envelope to open. One will have the value of £50,000 inside, while the other will have a card displaying £0. The islander who ends up with the prize pot in their hands has to then decide whether to split it in half with their partner, or steal, meaning they’d go home with the whole £50,000. This has never happened before, with all couples so far choosing to split the cash in its seven-year history. Last night, the pair went on their final mega date to mark the end of their time in the Love Island Villa and were serenaded by none other than Alfie Boe. While they may not have actually known who he was, it didn’t make it any less romantic as they both exchanged the L-bomb for the first time. As they raised a toast to each other, Ekin-Su said: ‘To our beautiful experience and hopefully we will last forever – it will last forever. ‘I feel like I’m in a dream. This is probably the most romantic date I’ve ever been on in my life. I just can’t get over this. It’s everything I’ve always wanted.’ But could they end up actually going all the way and winning this year’s series of Love Island on Monday night? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 