Hello, I’m Jess, and I’m addicted to shopping at TK Maxx. The thrill of finding bargains (and the even bigger thrill of telling people how little they cost) has always appealed to me, and I’ve decked out my home and wardrobe in marked-down pieces from the store. But when I do reveal an item is from TK Maxx, I’m met with a common refrain: ‘I can never find anything good in there, it’s too hard to rummage.’ Having bagged a Vetements dress for £30, a Mother of Pearl shirt for less than £20, and countless premium beauty products at pocket money prices, I’m living proof that there are diamonds in the rough. You just need to rummage smarter, not harder. To give you a helping hand, these are my top tips for finding discounts at TK Maxx. Whether you’re in for a nose or on the hunt for something specific, here’s how to unleash your inner Maxxer (yes, we have a collective name) and make big savings. The first rule of TK Maxx shopping is to never wander in aimlessly. This will result in impulsive buys, endless searching, and a burning hatred of people who open makeup and put it back on the shelves (although that’s valid regardless). You don’t need to stick to it religiously but, before you enter the land of mark-downs, have an idea of what you need. Even a category like homeware or shoes can help narrow down your bargain hunt. This is good practice in general, helping ensure you only buy what you need and don’t spend for no reason. Keep a note on your phone of things you need or want and add to it as you remember. If it’s not on the list, it doesn’t get bought – and you can use this method to look back on things later and decide if you were just in need of a dopamine hit or really wanted them in the first place. Additions can be essentials or ‘frivolous’ pieces, as long as you don’t have perfectly good alternatives already. For example, on my list there’s a gold candelabra, a knife block, and new trainers as mine have seen better days. Don’t forget to put present ideas for family and friends on there too, and you can stock up throughout the year when prices are right. Every trip to TK Maxx should start with a visit to the clearance section, as this is where you’ll find the biggest discounts. Some yellow-sticker items can be reduced to as low as 20p. Bear in mind that these items likely won’t be new season and may have faults or be customer returns. If you give items a once-over and they look good, though, you’ve got yourself a bargain. Red stickers on TK Maxx labels mean clearance-level discounts – but you won’t find them in the clearance section. As you’re looking through the store, check every red label you see. It may be that a previous customer has put an item back in the wrong place or is hiding it for safekeeping – either way, it’s a win for eagle-eyed Maxxers. If the mixed rails of products in TK Maxx seem like too much for you, remember that you don’t have to go through every single thing. Treat each rail like an aisle in the supermarket, scanning for colours and prints that suit your style. If you spot something you like, only then is it time to inspect its shape, size, and fabric – otherwise it’s on to the next one. For those who are looking for items by a particular designer, it can be like looking for a needle in a haystack. However, thankfully, this haystack has labels to help you out. Gold Label refers to items by premium and luxury designers, such as Jimmy Choo, Alexander McQueen, and Givenchy. Not all TK Maxx stores have a Gold Label section, so check ahead if you’re looking for high-end labels. Mod Box is a section dedicated to trend-led fashion, with high street brands and undiscovered designers featuring. Prices are far lower here than in the Gold Label category, but you can get your hands on brands like The Ragged Priest, Kickers, and Forever Unique. It can be tempting to see a big mark-down and get overexcited, but it’s important to still do your due diligence. Google search the brand and a brief description of the item to see whether it’s really a bargain piece. You may find it cheaper elsewhere, realise that the tags have been switched, or that the RRP is different to what you’re seeing in the store. Some brands are also exclusive to TK Maxx or part of diffusion lines from major labels (meaning they’re not quite as valuable as you first thought) so check this too. The company’s ‘own brands’ include Arabella and Addison, Kenar, Amaryllis Amphora, and Frederik Anderson of Copenhagen, while diffusion lines include Max&Co (MaxMara), Armani Exchange (Armani), and Love Moschino (Moschino). Everybody will have their own rationale for their favourite TK Maxx, but in my experience the best ones are outside of town centres and in shopping parks. Go for a location that’s not too busy and large enough to be packed with hidden gems. As mentioned above, not all stores have a Gold Label section, so check ahead of time if you’re in the market for an investment piece. Then there’s timing. You’ll find the best selection in the morning, and the day you shop matters too. Avoid weekend shopping as stock will have been picked clean – plus, if a shop’s been shut for a day or two (due to a public holiday, for example) there’ll be a glut of clearance buys. Once you’ve nabbed your bargains, you should sign up for a TK Maxx Treasure card to be recompensed for all your hard work. You’ll get a point each time you shop, which can be exchanged for rewards like money off or exclusive items. As a Treasure card holder, you’ll also be the first to hear about flash sales and VIP in-store events. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to survive wedding season on a budget MORE : Woman only realised she was pregnant when she went to the loo and saw two feet sticking out