When Lucy Jones, 22, starting experiencing aches in her back and stomach, she shrugged it off as period pains – as hers was due at the end of the week. The next morning, she felt her tummy ‘flip’ and dashed to the bathroom. As she did her business, she heard a ‘crash’ – and looked down to see ‘two feet sticking out’ of the toilet bowl. Yep, Lucy was pregnant and had just given birth, but had no clue. The ‘terrified’ first-time mum says she had no idea she was expecting, as she had no symptoms throughout her pregnancy, continued to take her birth control pill daily, and still had periods. The cabin crew member trainee even says she had a medical examination when she was unknowingly eight months pregnant, and was declared fit to fly. Plus, two pregnancy tests came back negative. The new mum says she worked 70-hour weeks, drank often, and went clubbing around 15 times throughout her pregnancy – including just three days before she gave birth. So the arrival of now-four-month-old daughter Ruby was a shock – but Lucy is so happy with how things worked out. The full-time mum does, however, want to raise awareness of cryptic pregnancies (when a woman has no idea she’s carrying a baby). Lucy, of Bristol, said: ‘I had no bump, no sickness and had a period every month. ‘I had two negative pregnancy tests, because of my new cabin crew job I had to take them for that. ‘I would have been eight months pregnant when I went for my medical and did the pregnancy tests. ‘He [the doctor] pressed all down my stomach and body, and he suspected nothing. ‘I was still taking the pill. I took it every day and had been on it for six or seven years. ‘I went up one dress size after Christmas and then I went back down again, and I put that down to eating and drinking a lot.’ Before giving birth, Lucy was working as a pub manager but had been training to work as cabin crew. After a week of training, she came home for two days – and that’s when baby Ruby arrived. ‘I had tummy and back ache the night before but I was due my period at the end of the week so just put it down to that,’ Lucy said. ‘I woke up in the morning, had a bath and just thought I’d sleep it off before I went back to Bristol for work ‘I was in bed for about 45 minutes and it felt like my stomach flipped, it’s the only way I can describe it, and I just felt like I needed a poo. ‘I ran to the toilet and gave birth to my daughter in the toilet at home by myself. ‘I heard a crash and looked down and there was two feet sticking out of the toilet. ‘I didn’t have any pain. No one could believe that. ‘I had my back ache and tummy ache but there wasn’t actually any pain when I was physically, pushing out what I thought was a poo.’ Lucy wrapped her daughter in a towel before placing her in the kitchen sink. She was home alone at the time, so called her dad and her parents arrived back around ten minutes later. They also rang for an ambulance while they were on their way. ‘I had no idea I was pregnant until I saw the baby in the toilet,’ Lucy added. ‘I was hysterically screaming saying “there’s a baby” and they were expecting there to be a miscarriage, not a full-sized seven-pound baby in their kitchen sink. ‘I was terrified. I didn’t know what had hit me. It was just the shock. I felt numb in a way. ‘When my parents walked through the door it all went a bit blurry because I think the shock just took over and I can’t really remember anything then until about 1pm when I was in the hospital. ‘Dad described the kitchen – it just looked like a murder scene because when I’d ran from the toilet to the kitchen to get my phone the cord had snapped and there was just blood leaking out. ‘It was up the walls, the door, fridge and freezer.’ Shortly after the paramedics arrived, Lucy was dashed to hospital in an ambulance. Thankfully, both she and Ruby were okay. Months later, the mum is adjusting to life as an unexpected parent. ‘I think I’ve done alright,’ she said. ‘I’ve adapted pretty well [to motherhood] and had to adapt pretty quickly obviously ‘Everyone’s just said that I’ve taken to it like a duck to water. ‘You don’t believe it and you sort of shame upon other people, thinking “how did they not know that they were pregnant?” ‘Now I’ve actually lived through it, I kind of regret thinking that. ‘It is a real thing, it does happen. ‘I’ve gone on the injection now, so hopefully I won’t have any more surprises. Like my dad said, if I have any more he’d like at least nine months notice.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pregnant mum reveals rude comments people made about her ‘huge’ baby bump MORE : Mum and premature baby stuck in Cyprus after going into labour 16 weeks early MORE : What can and can’t you eat while pregnant?