Love Island star Jay Younger has teased a return to the villa after Jacques O’Neill gave up his spot on Tuesday night. Jay was dumped from the island on Monday night, alongside Chyna Mills, just days after the Casa Amor recoupling took place. While Jay and Chyna initially seemed to have an attraction to each other, the Scottish islander called time on things soon after the girls returned to the villa. Some fans suspected this was due to Jacques O’Neill’s Casa Amor antics being exposed, leaving Paige Thorne heartbroken and unsure whether to continue with their romance. However, despite the pair starting to patch things up, Jacques revealed last night he would be quitting in emotional scenes. But Jay, who made clear his interest in Paige while in the villa, joked he was planning on making a comeback after hearing of Jacques’ decision. After landing back in the UK, Jay’s account tweeted a snap from inside the plane, and wrote: ‘When you just touch down and have to fly straight back in #ByeJacques #LoveIsland.’ Of course, fans took the teaser and ran with it, hoping Jay would return to make a move on Paige. One responded: ‘Back into the villa? Please say yes and please go for Paige.’ Another shared: ‘Now why would you tweet something so confusing and get my hopes up about Jay going back into the villa.’ ‘Nah don’t get my hopes up, would love to see him and Paige give it a proper go. #LoveIsland make it happen pls,’ someone else commented. A fan said: ‘I would be all for this tbh,’ with a viewer noting: ‘Kinda unfair jay had to go now Jacques has left.’ However, it seems Jay will be staying firmly on home soil for now. The ex-islander posted a snap of himself reunited with a pal, while another hilarious tweet from his account asked last night: ‘Wait? Is Jacques leaving for me? #LoveIsland.’ We don’t think so, somehow. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Disgusted Love Island viewers complain to Ofcom about misogynistic behaviour MORE : Love Island spoilers: Paige Thorne and Adam Collard head out on first date following Jacques O’Neill’s emotional exit 