Football mad Tess from Wakefield was living her absolute best life in the buzz of the Women’s Euros last night, but the fan had no idea her moves were being filmed live on the BBC. England confidently breezed through to the final of the 2022 Euros, winning 4-0 against rivals Sweden. After getting off to a shaky start, they managed to nab a goal before half-time, casually slotting in three more in the second half. Of course, those watching across the nation were thrilled to see the game play out in such style, with one young fan, in particular, catching the eye of viewers. Eight-year-old Tess who attended the game at Bramall Lane Stadium in Sheffield, made it to screens after dancing and belting out Sweet Caroline during last night’s fixture, while donning a full England kit. The video quickly did the rounds on social media, and with the magic of TV, she was tracked down to chat on BBC Breakfast with hosts John Kay and Sally Nugent. Appearing alongside her granny Susan, the youngster said of her brilliant reaction: ‘Going through my mind was, when I’m older I want to be a footballer. ‘I was looking at how they were celebrating and thinking of how I was going to celebrate.’ She went on to share how it was ‘crazy’ to watch the footage back, after being completely oblivious to the fact she was being shown on TV. Tess shared: ‘Normally they look at the big screen and, you can see, I’m on telly, but didn’t know I was being filmed!’ It came after the football fan, who is soon set to play for Leeds, was told by the hosts she would be chatting to Ian Wright, who is part of the presenting team for the tournament. He told her: ‘I just want to say when you see the girls playing, does it make you think oh I could do that one day? Does it make you feel that?’ to which she responded: ‘Yeah, definitely.’ Ian weighed in on how it made him feel to watch Tess having the time of her life on Tuesday night. He commented: ‘When I saw Tess celebrating yesterday, I thought, those scenes are iconic scenes. ‘The girls, when they see that, they will be inspired by that. When they were younger, they couldn’t have the dream you are having right now,’ he explained. Fans already reacted after the clip spread far and wide online, with some hoping Tess would be given tickets to Sunday’s final. One shared: ‘This says it all. What a wonderful night for women’s football. ‘Mascot material surely! Get her to the final,’ someone else said. Another commented: ‘This is for football all the way through.  Coaching ladies football for almost 25 years so proud. This kid. Is just the best. Not because she is a girl just because the effect of football is amazing #gothelionesses.’ A fan wrote: ‘That’s what this team, the WSL and inspiration to my daughter does to women/girls in football. Took a few years to get my daughter to be confident enough to play. Seeing her train and play twice a week is amazing and I love it.’ England will now play in the final at Wembley Stadium on Sunday afternoon, against either Germany or France. BBC Breakfast airs daily on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BBC presenter Nicky Campbell says he was abused at Edinburgh school: ‘It has stayed with me all my life’ MORE : Wet Leg in disbelief as they make Barack Obama’s annual summer playlist along with Harry Styles and Beyonce 