Meet Alfie the dog, who figured out a great way to cope with the record-breaking heatwave that just blasted through the UK. The three-year-old pooch figured out how to turn on the garden hose, and honestly, can you blame him? Owner Lizzie Colden had filled up her pool last weekend so her two Staffordshire bull terriers, Alfie and Ayra, could cool off in the hot weather. The 28-year-old went inside for just 10 minutes, but that was all it took for clever Alfie to figure out how to use his paws and teeth to turn on the hose. When Lizzie returned, he was running around with it in his mouth, and turning the hose on himself, dancing around and enjoying the water hitting his face. Arya, five, also excitedly joined in on the fun. Lizzie joked that she’s got to prepare for a ‘massive water bill’, and, despite finding the whole thing hilarious, has vowed to turn off the tap at the wall in future. Lizzie, from Rugby, Warwickshire, said: ‘It was so funny. ‘It’d been really hot and Alfie and Ayra both love having the pool out – and they particularly love the hose. They love playing with it and spraying it. ‘I filled the pool up, left the hose to the side and Alfie wasn’t interested at all in going in the pool – he just spent about 10 minutes teaching himself to use the hose. Now he can turn the hose on by himself. ‘I was really surprised he managed to do it himself. He can do it loads now. ‘He’ll help me with the flowers. He’s basically watering the bushes for me, and he’s like my little gardener now. ‘We’re in for a massive water bill I think.’ After posting a clip of Alfie’s aquatic antics on social media, the video garnered over 31,000 views and more than 2,200 likes and comments from viewers impressed by how clever he was. Lizzie said: ‘I’ll have to make sure I turn the hose off on the tap next time. ‘Ayra loves it. She waits for him to turn the hose on then goes and plays in the water with him. It’s almost like they’re having a water fight. ‘We’ve had lots of people saying he’s just so clever and way too clever for his own good. ‘People have commented on how smart he is, how clever he is and thinking it’s really funny.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : You can get spa treatments with your dog at a Manchester hotel MORE : Bichon Frise puppy has emergency surgery after swallowing 20 coins MORE : Pensioner, 91, offers £15,000 reward in hope of finding lost dog