Love Island fans were left baffled as one of the contestants appeared to develop an Irish accent out of nowhere . There was a lot going on on Friday’s episode of Love Island, with a double elimination, tears, and Movie Night, and you could easily blink and miss some of the drama. But fans are currently baffled about something they heard – an Irish accent, to be exact, and not from Dubliner Dami. The episode saw the islanders gather around for Movie Night, with a clip showing Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu getting close to George Tasker in Casa Amor. And though it saw her getting out of bed and telling him they’re ‘just friends,’ it appeared something happened – which prompted Davide Sanclimenti to again call her a ‘liar.’ But as Ekin-Su snapped back: ‘Nothing happened!’, she sounded a bit… well, different. The clip was shared to Twitter by Irish news reporter Gavan Reilly, who asked: ‘Did they get an Irish person to dub Ekin-Su here?’ He was far from the only person who though so, with viewers responding in their droves to say they heard it too. Perhaps unsurprisingly, many compared her to Longford icon Maura Higgins, who appeared on the show in 2018. ‘Ekinsu’s face but Maura’s voice,’ one person wrote, while another joked: ‘She was possessed by the spirit of Maura Higgins.’ ‘I thought it was Maura Higgins,’ another said, with one adding: ‘Literally thought it was a @MauraHiggins voice over.’ One user brilliantly dubbed the Turkish soap star ‘Feckin-Su,’ which honestly, we can see catching on. Listening to the clip, it genuinely does sound like Ekin-Su is putting on a seriously convincing Irish accent. And, considering she was once Miss Ireland in the Miss Universe pageant (no, really!), you never know – maybe she picked up the lingo. There were plenty of bombshells from the latest episode of Love Island, but there’s much more to come on Sunday, where viewers will witness the full fall-out from Movie Night. A first look which aired at the end of the episode shows that more Casa Amor clips will be shown to the islanders, exposing more lies and secrets. The preview promises  ‘more secrets, more lies will be revealed’, with Luca again raging: ‘If she tries to play it down to me I will f***ing explode.’ Plus, Indiyah can be seen angrily remarking: ‘Don’t worry because I’ll deal with you later, it’s fine.’ Of course, viewers already know about Dami’s cheeky three-way kiss – could this be the moment Indiyah finds out? Love Island continues Sunday at 9pm on ITV2 Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island teases major drama ahead with Luca Bish vowing to ‘explode’ as new secrets exposed MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish clashes with Billy Brown after movie night reveals his ‘flirting’ with Gemma Owen: ‘I feel like a mug’ 