While Amazon Prime Day can be a blessing for those in need of a price slash, it can be triggering for those who spend too freely. Discounts and offers can make buying things you don’t need more tempting – especially as there’s the time pressure to buy quickly before the sale ends. Addiction experts warn that the day of discounts (which is actually two days this year) can be damaging for those who struggle with compulsive shopping habits. There’s no harm in treating yourself sometimes, when it’s financially within your means – but spending more when you’re stressed, or buying something you don’t need in order to make yourself happy, can be a sign of addiction. Addiction experts at private rehab clinic Delamere share their tips on how you can reduce compulsive buying behaviour. Are certain online shopping apps increasing the temptation to splurge? Delete them. Install a blocker app on your computer or phone so that you can’t gain access to certain websites. Also, set a screentime limit on your phone so that you can’t access certain apps during your ‘trigger times’. Credit cards can be a source of stress if they’re used without being monitored or with your limits considered. If seeing sales emails tempts you to stop and shop, remove the trigger by unsubscribing. Out of sight, out of mind. It’s important to find healthy and fun activities to help stop you from slipping back into old habits – and to have a distraction when the impulse to shop hits. You may not be aware of how much money you’re actually spending and what is triggering your compulsive buying behaviour. By keeping track of your outgoings you can find patterns in your spending. Apps like Yolt or Plum can help you keep on track of your spending. Identify realistic goals you would like to achieve. Whether that’s taking a trip, donating more money to charity or setting aside money for a new car, if you have a goal you want to accomplish, this will remind you how important it is to not be spending. Take moments to think on this goal. Pay attention to your surroundings when the urge to spend hits. While we don’t have full control over our environment, we do have some control over certain aspects of our lives and you might find certain places you choose to visit have an impact. Start creating ‘no visiting zones’ for places you want to avoid, which might encourage you to spend online. You might also find temptation in reading magazines, newspapers, watching television shows or scrolling on social media – so eliminating these from your environment is important. Professional support will help you identify the root cause of your problems, identify any potential triggers and help you develop coping mechanisms. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Amazon Prime Day 2022: Do you need to be a member to get the deals? MORE : Amazon Prime Day 2022: How to get the best bargains during the worldwide sale MORE : Prime Day 2022: How to use Alexa to find secret deals?