Japan’s former prime minister, Shinzo Abe, has died after being shot while giving a campaign speech. The 67-year-old was shot twice with a shotgun from behind as he rallied supporters of a local political candidate in the southern city of Nara, according to local reports. A suspect was tackled to the ground by bodyguards as the statesman laid bleeding while holding his chest. Mr Abe, who was Japan’s longest-serving PM before stepping down in 2020 for health reasons, is thought to have been wounded in the left side of his torso and neck. Local authorities said his heartbeat and breathing stopped while being airlifted to hospital, where he briefly regained consciousness before his condition worsened again. His younger brother and former defence minister Nobuo Kishi said he was being given blood transfusions in an attempt to save his life. Mr Abe’s wife, Akie Abe, was seen arriving at the hospital shortly before her husband was declared dead. Boris Johnson said he was ‘utterly appalled’ at the attack as he offered condolences to the Abe family and the Japanese people, adding: ‘The UK stands with you at this dark and sad time. A 41-year-old veteran of the Japanese navy, Tetsuya Yamagami, has been arrested in connection with the attack. The suspect was allegedly armed with a homemade firearm. Japanese citizens will vote in parliamentary elections on Sunday, and Mr Abe had been speaking in support of Kei Sato, an ally hoping to be re-elected. Questions have been raised over how the attack was able to be planned given Mr Abe’s visit to Nara was only confirmed late on Wednesday night. ‘Such an act of barbarity cannot be tolerated’, Chief Cabinet Secretary Hirokazu Matsuno told reporters. NHK showed video of Abe making a campaign speech outside a train station when two shots rang out at around 11:30am local time. The view was then briefly obscured and then security officials were seen tackling a man on the ground. A puff of smoke behind Abe could be seen in another video in which a loud bang and a gasping crowd can be heard. ‘I thought it was firecrackers at first,’ one bystander told NHK. Political violence is rare in Japan, a country with strict gun regulations. In 2007 the major of Nagasaki was shot and killed by a Yakuza gangster. The head of the Japan Socialist Party was assassinated during a speech in 1960 by a right-wing youth with a samurai short sword. After serving two terms as prime minister, Mr Abe remained a dominant presence over the ruling Liberal Democratic Party (LDP), controlling one of its major factions. His protege, Prime Minister Fumio Kishida, goes into Sunday’s upper house election hoping to emerge from Abe’s shadow and define his premiership. Kishida suspended his election campaign after Abe’s shooting and travelled to Tokyo where he was due to speak to media. The government said there was no plan to postpone the election but most major parties stopped their campaigns. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.