Elon Musk has shut down reports that he had an affair with Google co-founder Sergey Brin’s wife Nicole Shanahan. Reports had suggested the ‘affair’ had led to his friendship with Brin ending – but Musk has branded them ‘total BS’ and insisted the pair are still good friends. The Wall Street Journal had suggested that ‘people familiar with the matter’ had told the outlet that the alleged affair had led to Brin’s divorce from Shanahan in January. However, responding to a story on Twitter, Musk tweeted: ‘This is total bs. Sergey and I are friends and were at a party together last night! I’ve only seen Nicole twice in three years, both times with many other people around. Nothing romantic.’ Musk went on to give even more detail, insisting: ‘Haven’t even had sex in ages (sigh).’ Musk, who is currently in the midst of a legal clash with Twitter after he abandoned plans to buy the platform for $44billion, most recently dated and shares two children with singer Grimes. The pair welcomed their son X Æ A-12, in May 2020, but split afterwards. However, they rekindled their romance and then welcomed their daughter, named Exa Dark Sideræl Musk, in March this year. They then split again, with Grimes – real name Claire Boucher – saying: ‘Me and E have broken up *again* since the writing of this article haha, but he’s my best friend and the love of my life, and my life and art are forever dedicated to The Mission now.’ Musk also has five children, twins and triplets, with his first wife Justine Wilson. They also had a son, who they lost to SIDS (sudden infant death syndrome). The couple split in 2008. He then married actress Talulah Riley in 2010, with the pair divorcing two years later. The couple then remarried in 2013, with Riley filing for divorce in 2016. In 2016, Musk famously dated actress Amber Heard, although their romance wasn’t to last long. In 2018, he and Grimes started dating and made their first appearance together at the Met Gala. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Elon Musk and Sergey Brin for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elon Musk’s dad Errol, 76, ‘asked to donate his sperm to high-class women’ MORE : Elon Musk jokes ‘free the nip’ after flexing topless on superyacht in Mykonos amid legal clash with Twitter over $44,000,000,000 sale 