Ioan Gruffudd’s bitter split from Alice Evans has taken another turn after his estranged wife accused him of ‘wasting’ nearly $1million instead of giving that money to their children. The Liar actor and 101 Dalmatians star have been involved in a battle following their split last year, after which the dad-of-two moved on with girlfriend Bianca Wallace. He filed a restraining order against his former partner – who he shares daughters Ella and Elsie with – earlier this year, claiming that he was inundated with messages and verbal threats from her. Evans recently claimed that she was ‘completely out of money for food and bills’, and has now taken aim at her former partner on Instagram once again. She shared a screenshot appearing to be between Gruffudd and one of his daughters, who is thought to be asking him to sign paperwork so that she can stay at her school – amid allegations that he stopped paying her fees. ‘You see – I have no money. I gave up my career because I wanted the love of my life to have an amazing career and that leave him being away most of the time,’ she told her 86.4k followers in a lengthy caption beside the upload. ‘And I gritted my teeth and I got through it. I missed working oh hell I missed working but I didn’t want a day to go by without seeing my two incredible girls. So their was an upside [sic].’ Calling out her ex’s alleged spending habits, she continued: ‘He is STILL trying to ruin my name, filling out petition after petition … daring to say that I am the “bad parent”? ‘(Check out his Guardian interview from 2020. Ask my kids. As anybody that knows us. Being called a “bad parent” when I gave up everything for them and don’t sleep at night in case and worry about how to feed them, check their health, take them to the dentist…. [sic]. ‘Those of you who might think “well why is she CONTINUING to post on Instagram when his lawyers are going to take her down for it?” But think about it. ‘He is spending money that should have gone to the girls education, sports, college, on using a lawyer to gag me.’ ‘I don’t have this money and neither do I believe in the corruption of the TRO to shut somebody up when they’re trying to say their piece,’ she penned. ‘HE gets to say it. HE get so to lie about me being s bad parent (You couldn’t get further from the truth.) ‘But me? I get threatened with fines, with jail if I tell MY TRUTH about what is really happening. And all I have is social media because I can’t afford a lawyer. Isn’t that a microcosm of rich and poor America? I will likely go to court for posting this. (Another example of the way he treats his children) [sic].’ Evans concluded the post: ‘He may well be lauded for doing the right thing. For going through the courts. He well may get to take my kids away from me (good luck with that dude). ‘Either way I have done nothing wrong and I will continue to fight.’ The former couple met on the set of 102 Dalmatians, in 2000, and got married seven years later. They were married for 13 years, and shared two children together, when Gruffudd filed for divorce last March. He made his relationship with Wallace public several months later. The actor filed an initial restraining order against his ex-wife at the beginning of this year, including more than 100 documents showing messages thought to be from Evans, accusing him of drug use, threatening to ‘call every tabloid in the UK’ and hurling insults at him and his new girlfriend. Evans rejected all the claims and said that she believes he is filing ‘as a ploy to gain some sort of advantage over me in our divorce proceedings’. It was later revealed that she had filed to seek custody of their daughters, asking for Gruffudd to be given visitation rights. Metro.co.uk has contacted Ioan Gruffudd’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island: All the best talent show moments – from Millie Court’s keyboard skills to Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay’s iconic rap MORE : Terminator: Dark Fate director admits he was ‘wrong’ to try to bring back Arnold Schwarzenegger franchise 