From annoying colleagues to outdated work systems, there are a lot of irritations that can get to us at work. But what things are enough to drive people to quit? We’ve compiled the top five things that make people quit and how to cope with a negative working environment with a bit of help form Rachel Murray, head of employee health and wellbeing at Bupa UK. Hopefully, it will help to reduce the amount of people handing in their resignations. Over the last 12 months there has been a 200% increase in Google searches for ‘work progression.’ If there’s nothing for employees to work towards, morale and motivation will take a hit. So, if individuals feel there’s no more room to grow in their current role, or opportunities to learn new skills, this can negatively impact their wellbeing at work and push them to look elsewhere. ‘Employers should look to coach and develop their team’s skillset, building on each employee’s individual strengths so they can reach their potential,’ says Rachel. ‘Encouraging your team to develop their skills supports employee wellbeing, resulting in an engaged and motivated team.’ It’s important for employees to feel like their hard work is being recognised – otherwise what’s the point in them putting in so much effort? There are a number of ways companies can do this – either with financial incentives, access to health and wellbeing services or team activities, to name a few. Rachel says: ‘However, a reward does not always need to be financial to be beneficial. A simple thank you or sharing the news of an employee’s achievement can provide a team member with the recognition they deserve. ‘For a rewards system to be fair and successful, employee recognition should occur regularly, with constructive feedback.’ In the last 12 months, there’s been a rise in Google searches for ‘health and wellbeing in the workplace’, according to Bupa. From medical and dental cover to access to mental health services and employee assistance programmes, there are so many ways employers can offer health benefits. ‘And, as a result, businesses will benefit from a healthy, happy and motivated workforce and may even find reduced absenteeism and lower staff turnover,’ adds Rachel. Most people will have experienced micromanagement at least once in their career – whether it’s breathing-down-the-neck supervision or constant nitpicking. It’s actually one of the key signs of a toxic boss. But this micromanagement limits feelings of autonomy and has a huge detrimental impact on the trust between employees and managers. It typically drives people away from the business, too. A company’s working environment can have a huge impact on employee wellbeing, job satisfaction and engagement – and many factors can create a negative work culture. Some of these might include a tense atmosphere, poor management, a lack of work-life balance or unclear communication. A negative culture often leads to people leaving –  resulting in higher staff turnover levels. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 14 questions you should ask your potential employer in a job interview MORE : How to sell yourself in a job interview – seven essential tips from experts MORE : Law graduate quits job and moves to Bali to sell clothes on Depop for a living