Eurotunnel and Folkestone are now at the centre of UK travel chaos, as Brits continue to face summer getaway misery. The AA dubbed Folkestone the new ‘hotspot of holiday hell’, amid major tailbacks and border delays. One man said he had waited for eight hours in his car before boarding his train. But there is better news at the Port of Dover, where disruption has now cleared after thousands were left stuck in their cars for hours. Brexit and French border control have been blamed for the disruption, but traffic is now said to be flowing normally there. Meanwhile, the M20 coastbound is still closed to non-freight traffic as part of Operation Brock to manage traffic – leading National Highways to warn of ‘severe delays’ in Kent for people heading towards Dover or Eurotunnel. Eurotunnel confirmed its Folkestone services are delayed, with processing time from check-in to boarding estimated to be around 90 minutes. Jack Cousens, head of roads policy for the AA, said Eurotunnel-bound motorists are trying to find alternative routes, warning that ‘many are waiting for several hours’ to get to the terminal. He explained: ‘Dover has now recovered, but Folkestone has become the hotspot of holiday hell. ‘Drivers are now trying to find alternative routes down to the Eurotunnel terminal at J11a on the M20. ‘Holidaymakers are trying to use the M2 and then find ways to drop down into the A20 and the terminal via the back roads.’ Mr Cousens continued: ‘Drivers heading to Folkestone need to be prepared. ‘We have seen that many are waiting for several hours before they get to the terminal, so all the pre-journey vehicle checks are key along with carrying plenty of food, water and entertainment for younger travellers.’ The local Coastguard were seen handing out bottled water to travellers stuck in traffic jams. One man driving with his wife and two children on the Eurotunnel today said it was ‘stressful’ being stuck in the car for eight hours before boarding. The 53-year-old, who gave his name only as Eugene, explained that while travelling to France by car suits his family, he would rethink it if every journey was likely to involve major delays. Eugene said: ‘Have made this journey a number of times pre-pandemic and pre-Brexit. ‘No such issues apart from occasional minor delay. (It is) a shame that this has occurred.’ In contrast to the bumper-to-bumper traffic in Dover for the last two days, the Port said it had assisted more than 10,800 passengers on their way by mid-morning today. It follows weeks of chaos at British airports and as families begin summer trips this weekend after most schools in England and Wales broke up for the holidays. A spokesman for the Port of Dover explained earlier: ‘(The) French border is fully manned and everything is flowing normally. ‘There will be queues but short term (less than 60 minutes) during the day.’ Mark Simmonds, director of policy and external affairs at the British Ports Association, said he was glad to hear the situation at Dover had improved. Port authorities said work to clear traffic – undertaken by them and their partners, ‘including strong support from French border colleagues’ – demonstrates that the Port of Dover’s ‘summer plan will work for the rest of the holiday period’. But others expect the disruption, which has been heavily linked to Brexit by experts, to continue. French politician Pierre-Henri Dumont, the Republican MP for Calais, has blamed delays on the UK’s exit from the EU. The foreign secretary and favourite to become Britain’s next prime minister, Liz Truss, has insisted disruption at the port was the fault of French authorities for not staffing the border properly. Passengers embarking on cross-Channel sailings from Dover must pass through French border checks before they can board a ferry. Mr Simmonds said Brexit ‘certainly is contributing’ to the situation, with ‘a harder border than there was before’. Natalie Chapman, from haulier group Logistics UK, echoed concerns about French staff numbers and Brexit changes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Drivers stuck in nightmare Dover traffic jams turn roadsides ‘into public urinal’