A group of men are being hunted after allegedly carrying out an armed daylight robbery at an Apple store in central London. Shoppers were heard screaming after the gang ‘forced their way’ past security staff the tech giant’s Covent Garden branch. Witnesses described around ten men wearing balaclavas taking tablets, phones and laptops from the store before forcing customers to hand over their own phones. One bystander said they saw a ‘scuffle’ in which the men ‘snatched’ belongings from the shoppers. A number of people who called 999 reported seeing weapons in some of the men’s hands, according to detectives. Footage filmed from a window on the the store’s upper floor shows men sprinting away from the store in different directions. One appeared to be carrying motorcycle helmets and was clad in biking gear. A private security guard was seen attempting to grab him before he narrowly slipped away and ran off. Two others wearing dark clothing over their heads were seen fleeing with carrier bags in hand. One of the people seen running in the footage is thought to have been a member of the public giving chase. There are not believed to have been any injuries among shoppers or staff. One witness said the terrifying incident unfolded in the space of a minute. ‘At least’ ten men ‘pushed through the entrance past the security and they started grabbing anything they could’, he told The Sun. After clearing products from the display tables, they began ‘taking things out of people’s hands’, the shopper continued. He added: ‘It was quite scary. There were a few screams. It’s a Sunday and a sunny day in Covent Garden, so obviously it was busy.’ A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: ‘At around 1.10pm on Sunday, July 17, police received several calls reporting that a group of males had forced their way into a shop in The Piazza, Covent Garden. ‘Some of the group were reported to have been carrying weapons. ‘It is alleged that they stole a number of items before running from the area in different directions.’ Witnesses have been urged to call 101, quoting the reference number 3815/17JU, or calling Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. A spokesperson for Apple said the company is supporting the Met’s investigation and thanked its members of staff.