Rebekah Vardy has spoken out after losing to Coleen Rooney in her Wagatha Christie trial. It was confirmed on Friday afternoon that Vardy – wife of professional footballer Jamie Vardy – had lost her libel cast against Rooney – who’s married to retired England star Wayne Rooney. While Rooney has since said it was ‘not a case I ever sought or wanted’, Vardy has shared that she is ‘extremely sad and disappointed’ following the verdict. The legal battle began in 2019 when Rooney accused former friend Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the press, with the Liverpudlian carrying out a months-long ‘sting operation’ on social media to get to the bottom of her suspicions. After Rooney was dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie’, Vardy vehemently denied the claims against her and sued for libel. In a statement issued after the judge did not rule in her favour, Vardy said: ‘I am extremely sad and disappointed at the decision that the judge has reached. ‘It is not the result that I had expected, nor believe was just. I brought this action to vindicate my reputation and am devastated by the judge’s finding.’ She added: ‘The judge accepted that publication of Coleen’s post was not in the “public interest” and she also rejected her claim that I was the “Secret Wag”. But as for the rest of her judgement, she got it wrong and this is something I cannot accept.’ Vardy also issued a plea to those who have subjected her to abuse to stop, and indicated she does not intend to appeal against the ruling, saying ‘the case is over’. She continued: ‘As I explained in my evidence I, my family, and even my unborn baby, were subjected to disgusting messages and vile abuse following Coleen’s Post and these have continued even during the course of the trial. ‘Please can the people who have been abusing me and my family now stop. The case is over.’ She thanked everyone who has supported her. Speaking out herself after the judge ruled in her favour, author and TV presenter Rooney said she is ‘pleased’, but ‘never believed it should have gone to court’. ‘It was not a case I ever sought or wanted. I never believed it should have gone to court at such expense in times of hardship for so many people when the money could have been far better spent helping others’, Rooney said. She added that the ‘leaks from my private Instagram account began in 2017’ and they ‘continued for almost two years’, ultimately ‘intruding on my privacy and that of my family’. ‘Although I bear Mrs Vardy no ill-will, today’s judgment makes clear that I was right in what I said in my posts of October 2019’, Mrs Rooney said. ‘I would like to thank all of my legal team, my family, friends and everyone who supported me, including the public, through this difficult and stressful time.’ In her ruling, Judge Mrs Justice Steyn said that while it was ‘likely’ that Vardy’s former agent Caroline Watt ‘undertook the direct act’ of passing information to The Sun newspaper, ‘the evidence… clearly shows, in my view, that Mrs Vardy knew of and condoned this behaviour, actively engaging in it by directing Ms Watt to the private Instagram account, sending her screenshots of Mrs Rooney’s posts, drawing attention to items of potential interest to the press, and answering additional queries raised by the press via Ms Watt’. The judge added: ‘In my judgment, the conclusions that I have reached as to the extent to which the claimant engaged in disclosing to The Sun information to which she only had access as a permitted follower of an Instagram account which she knew, and Mrs Rooney repeatedly asserted, was private, suffice to show the single meaning is substantially true.’ MORE : ‘TikTok Music’ might soon compete with Spotify and Apple Music MORE : Swedish sports coach suspended after ‘joking about having bomb at airport’ 