Adele made sure to celebrate the 50th anniversary of Pride in style, as she draped herself in a rainbow flag for her second epic performance at BST Hyde Park. The singer shared her love for the LGBT community during the spectacular gig, donning the Progress Pride Flag as she belted out her song When We Were Young. Adele, 34, could also be seen waving the flag, with plenty of supporters in the crowd waving their rainbow flags right back at her, just hours after London’s Pride Parade. She told the audience: ‘Happy Pride. I wore my hair out today to try and be a bit draggy.’ The star has long been a supporter of the LGBT community, previously performing for free at Pride in 2011, and describing the community as her ‘soulmates’ during an emotional speech following the shooting in Pulse nightclub, Florida, in 2016. Of course, she also got ordained to marry her close friend Alan Carr to his husband Paul Drayton in 2018. Adele lit up London’s Hyde Park on Friday and Saturday with her epic performances, which were her first headline gigs in the UK since 2017. It was a glorious homecoming for the singer, who released her album 30 earlier this year. Stars including Tom Cruise, Ant and Dec, and James Corden were out in force to support the star, but she likely only had eyes for one person in the crowd – her nine-year-old son Angelo, who was also there supporting her. She was clearly thrilled to be back, bursting into tears as she took to the stage on Friday. Another of the most unforgettable moments came when the superstar was overcome with emotion hearing fans sing back her iconic hit Someone Like You. Meanwhile, Adele was also praised for stopping her show to help out a fan in the audience who was in distress. She halted the show after noticing that someone in the audience needed assistance, calling for security to take them out of the crowd. Fans hailed the singer for being so caring, pointing out that not only did she call for a steward to rescue the fan, but she walked over so she could see what was going on. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele admits public backlash was ‘brutal’ after postponing Las Vegas residency: ‘I was a shell of a person for a couple of months’ MORE : Adele at BST Hyde Park review: A truly unforgettable homecoming for one of our greatest ever superstars  