After turning his eyes during the steamy heart rate challenge, Michael Owen is really hoping daughter Gemma ‘doesn’t take things too far’ during her time on Love Island. The international dressage rider, 19, and fishmonger Luca have become firm fan favourites since the show kicked off last month, and have faced every challenge that has been thrown their way with ease…. so far. However, it’s been claimed that the football legend doesn’t want his daughter doing things out of character in order to secure a place in the final. ‘To be honest, Michael will just be relieved when Gemma’s home. He’s massively proud of her and knows she has a sensible head on her shoulders,’ an insider claimed. ‘He’s sure it won’t but he just hopes she doesn’t take things too far. Michael has barely watched the show as he has been quite busy over the past few weeks but his wife Louise keeps him up to date with what’s going on,’ they added to MailOnline. Gemma and Luca are currently facing their biggest test to date as this week marked the return of Casa Amor, but so far Luca has remained loyal to Gemma despite the fiery uproar during Monday’s episode. Body language expert Judi James offered up her predictions on what could happen with the Casa Amor twist, suggesting heads could turn at any point. ‘Luca likes to be one of the lads and it’s clearly going to be like one huge stag do in the boys’ Casa,’ she told Metro.co.uk. ‘I can’t imagine any girl would trump Gemma in his eyes though unless a stunning catwalk model turns up in there with a famous footballer for a dad and a love of fish suppers. ‘He and Gemma do like a bit of brinkmanship in their relationship though so he might be caught flirting. ‘Gemma did create doubts when she told Luca she would only be tempted if a guy arrived who was 100% her type. The producers must have been scouring social media ever since.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Michael Owen’s reps for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Jack Keating’s mother addresses cruel comments from trolls on social media since Casa Amor debut MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne breaks down after Samuel Agbiji candidly reveals home truths about Jacques O’Neill: ‘He’s disrespecting you’ 