Steve Carell will tell the tale of a pair of mischievous eyebrows when he sits down to read a CBeebies Bedtime Story. The comedian and actor – who has appeared on the big and small screens in the likes of The Office, Anchorman and The 40-Year Old Virgin – is the latest Hollywood star to sign up for the series. Steve, 59, will read The Eyebrows Of Doom by Steve Smallman with illustrations from Miguel Ordonez, with the story described as a ‘laugh-out-loud adventure’, which seems perfect for the star. The tale follows a bear called Dave and his friends as they try to stop the eyebrows taking over the world by leaping from one unsuspecting animal to the next. Steve said: ‘I loved reading to my kids when they were younger so it was a great pleasure to read a Bedtime Story for CBeebies, about a pair of mischievous eyebrows causing havoc – something I’m sure we can all relate to.’ The dad-of-two – who has 21-year-old daughter Elisabeth Anne and 18-year-old son Johnny with his wife Nancy Carell – has also answered some fan questions on Twitter to promote his appearance. One viewer has given a lot of thought to where characters without clothes keep their phones, and Steve replied: ‘You know what? That’s a really good question for any character that doesn’t wear clothes. ‘I’m sure most parents now think about where they keep their phones. My advice to you is don’t think too hard about where they keep their phones, because the reality of it may be a little off putting.’ And another viewer revealed a misunderstanding with their daughter who thought they were looking for Duggee and the Squirrels in the forest rather than literal squirrels, which led to a 30-minute hunt for CBBC characters. ‘That’s very sweet. That’s a moment you’re going to treasure with your kids,’ he smiled. ‘And it might all feel insane, it might all feel like you’re losing your mind slightly, but you will reflect back on these memories and these moments with such joy. ‘I know you are already – but I still think about these moments of connection with my children.’ The film star, who is returning to the Despicable Me franchise in Minions 2: The Rise of Gru, follows in the footsteps of Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl, British actor Tom Hiddleston and Harry Styles in featuring on the show. Recent story readers also include the Duchess of Cambridge, who narrated the modern children’s classic, The Owl Who Was Afraid Of The Dark, by Jill Tomlinson, to mark Children’s Mental Health Week. Steve Carell’s CBeebies Bedtime Stories episode airs on Friday July 1 at at 6.50pm on CBeebies and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles sends fans into meltdown as he makes CBeebies Bedtime Story debut: ‘Tell me why I’m tearing up’ MORE : Kate reads bedtime story to nation’s children and tells them ‘we all get scared’ 