A woman has revealed how she thought she was going to die when she collapsed suddenly after picking up some cash she found on the floor. Renee Parsons almost immediately fell to the ground after picking up the $1 note. She was with husband Justin at the time and grabbed his arm. Very soon afterwards he developed a rash where she had touched him and his lips went numb. Renee was traveling to a conference in Dallas, Texas, with her husband and two children when they stopped at a McDonald’s in Bellevue, Tennessee. She said: ‘I see a dollar bill on the ground. Thinking absolutely nothing of it – I picked it up.’ But she immediately began feeling ill. Describing how she felt, she said: ‘My body went completely numb, I could barely talk and I could barely breathe. ‘It’s almost like a burning sensation, if you will, that starts here at your shoulders, and then it just goes down because it’s almost like it’s numbing your entire body.’ Her husband said: ‘She hadn’t said anything for a while, then she said, “Justin, I am sorry. I love you.” Then she just quit talking,”. ‘She looked like she was dying. She certainly was unconscious and very pale.’ Justin managed to drive his wife at 95 mph to St Thomas Ascension Hospital, according to News Channel 5. Renee’s symptoms wore off after about four hours and she was discharged on an accidental drug overdose, according to WSMV. Justin, who has served in law enforcement for years, thinks that the dollar his wife took off the ground was laced with fentanyl. However, a Metro Nashville police officer who went to the emergency room said she was not exposed to fentanyl because she did not need Narcan to be revived. In addition, preliminary tests did not show drugs in her system. Still, Renee believes she was exposed to drugs. She added: ‘What I do know is how I felt, what happened. It can’t be made up. ‘The (moral), I don’t care if it’s a $20 bill or a $100 bill do not touch it!!!’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.