Love Island’s Cheyanne Kerr has compared loverat Jacques O’Neill to former contestant Liam Reardon after her shock exit from the ITV2 show. In what has been dubbed as the ‘most dramatic Casa Amor recoupling ever’, Jacques decided to reunite with Paige Thorne – despite ‘testing’ their relationship by pursuing other islanders. As well as cosying up to Mollie Salmon, the rugby player shared a kiss – and a bed – with Cheyanne Kerr, while Paige remained faithful. Appalled fans ‘branded his behaviour disgusting’, after he told the boys he was going to ‘sack Mollie off and take Cheyanne for a kiss upstairs.’ The 23-year-old was also the reason behind a pile of Ofcom complaints when he cruelly called Paige ‘pathetic’ for being upset when his heart soared during a challenge for his ex, Gemma Owen. Now Cheyanne, 23, is wading in to share her thoughts on Jacques’ awful treatment of her and other women in the hit reality series. Speaking after she had been booted out, Cheyanne said: ‘It’s a bittersweet feeling. I didn’t want to remain in there after I’d felt a connection with someone and he remained in his couple. ‘I spent the majority of my time with Jacques. We shared a bed together and I know he said he wanted to get to know me more – we’d kissed. Then when it came to the recoupling he stuck with Paige. ‘It was a bit like the Liam and Millie situation last year. I didn’t know what he was going to do until the last minute. I genuinely didn’t have a clue so that just shows how much we’d spoken and got along.’ In last year’s Love Island, Liam Reardon cheated on partner Millie Court with Lillie Haynes, who spilled the beans on his antics. However, Liam and Millie went on to win the series, despite their tumultuous journey in the villa. Like Lillie, Cheyanne spoke to Paige before she left, confirming she said: ‘I mentioned to Paige afterwards it wasn’t personal, I just wanted her to know what he’s like.’ Paige, who has remained loyal to Jacques, was not impressed when she heard he had cheated on her, but told host Laura Whitmore that it hadn’t ‘quite sunk in yet.’ But later on in the episode, she confronted Jacques, saying: ‘Be respectful. You can still get to know people without being full-on and kissing people, I wouldn’t never do that to somebody I genuinely cared for or had any feelings for. ‘Do you not think I look an absolute idiot now if we carry on whatever we thought we had. Do you think I deserve that. I don’t get why you’re the one being hostile.’ Jacques said: ‘At the end of the day we’re both single and I think you forget that sometimes.’ Storming off, Paige added: ‘I’m done.’ Is there any chance Jacques could win Paige back? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 