The definition of a sperm donor: ‘a man who donates his sperm in order to help a woman get pregnant.’ To me, this sums up perfectly my biological father. He’s a man who gave his sperm to multiple women, resulting in seven children – that I know of. However, he wasn’t anonymous. He started relationships with these women, only to then pull a disappearing act, not only on his ex-partners but on his children. I’ve come to the decision to only refer to him as ‘sperm donor’ after 33 years of him playing no part in my life. He met my mother in 1988. A fairground worker with a charming personality, my mother, already a single mother at the age of 19, was taken in by him and they began a relationship. Within months, she fell pregnant with me and an engagement was planned. I possess a single photo from that time, of him with my elder sister on his lap, while my mum was pregnant with me. I came into the world in July 1989. By the next month, the relationship between him and my mother had deteriorated. He’d met someone else by September and by January 1990, he barely saw me, other than the odd short visit. One day, a woman showed up at our house and said she was looking for him. My mum questioned her and it turned out that she also had two sons with this man, both of whom were older than me. I think about those boys, my half-brothers, regularly and wish I’d had a chance to meet them, get to know them. But my mum couldn’t recall their mother’s name. On one occasion, when I was five months old, my sperm donor sent his new girlfriend to collect me from my mother, rather than coming to get me himself. His girlfriend then got into an argument with my mother, which resulted in hair pulling. They’d been arguing about him and how his new girlfriend didn’t want a baby in their life. Trying to get to my mum, the girlfriend pushed my pram – with me in it – into the main road. Of course, I have no recollection of the events but I do have the court documents to fill me in on what happened. After this, a court ruled that the sperm donor could have supervised access with me and that his girlfriend had to stay away from my mother and me at all times. He didn’t agree with these terms and decided to walk out of my life, choosing his girlfriend instead. I was eight months old at this point. My mum remarried when I was 10, in 1999, to a man who loved me as his own and showed me what a real dad was. We didn’t hear another word from my sperm donor until 2002, when I was 13. One day, I was pulled out of school by my mum and stepdad. I was then driven to our local hospital where I was told that I had to take a DNA test as the sperm donor didn’t believe that I was his child. When contacted by Child Support Services regarding child maintenance, he had applied to the courts, stating my mum had slept around and was claiming child support for me fraudulently. We had the test done and the results were gathered after an hour or so. They proved, as I’d had no doubt, I was his biological child. I remember the nurse telling me that the sperm donor was in a room down the hall and asked if I wanted to see him. Instead, I asked for the exit. I owed this man nothing. No child should be the one having to step up. No contact was made by him after this. To be honest, I didn’t care. I’ve lived the rest of my life quite happily. I had a mum and I had a dad – the man who raised me as his own. In 2013, when I was 24 years old, Mum signed me up to a genealogy site and sent off a cheek swab of my DNA. I was excited to see the results but also apprehensive as I wasn’t sure how I’d feel, knowing I may have other family. From this, I discovered four siblings, as well as aunts, uncles and cousins I never knew about – very scary, but also exciting, news. I spoke to an aunt on the phone and after a few months of talking, she said she’d like to meet me and introduce me to some other family. I made the choice to meet up with a couple of them face to face, an aunt and two half sisters as I was interested in hearing their stories. I got the train up to where they lived, feeling very excited. One sister met me off the train, and we hugged. Upon getting to her house, we spoke about her and our other sister’s childhood. Like me, they’d been left by the sperm donor, too. However they’d learnt not to hold a grudge. While I wasn’t holding a grudge exactly, I didn’t see why I should forgive someone who wouldn’t step up for his child or take responsibility for his actions. They told me he lived nearby, and asked if I wanted to go and see him, something I was unprepared for. I wasn’t ready nor did I ever have any plans to see him, so I cut my trip short, leaving two days later. I’ve suffered from severe anxiety from a young age and the whole experience did more harm than good to my mental health, so I decided to cut them off. Being around them showed me that our worlds were different. They’d chosen to let him into their lives while I felt safer keeping my circle smaller. I felt judged and pressurised because I had a different want from what they did. I didn’t want to let him in. Around six or seven years ago, he married his girlfriend, a different woman to that from my childhood and took on the role of father to her children. Some of my half siblings attended the wedding, I saw on social media. I tried not to care but reading his words, saying he wished all his daughters had attended, touched a nerve. I’m not his daughter, nor have I ever been. Using the term sperm donor to describe my biological father may offend some people, but I am unapologetic. Personally, I couldn’t come to terms with my feelings around a man who can’t do right by the children he helped create, but he can show love and care towards another’s. I choose to live my life without ever having to accept this man in mine. I’ve lived 33 years without him being present, I have enough love from those who are with me. MORE : I found out he wasn’t my biological father as a teen – he’s still the best dad in the world MORE : Woman finds biological mum through a Facebook group after decades apart MORE : Woman in a race against time to find biological father for life-saving bone marrow transplant