The name of the game on Love Island is attracting a partner, and successful daters know the power of a signature fragrance. Watching the show recently, you may have noticed that Gemma Owen has a favourite of her own, applying a few spritzes as the islanders get ready for the evening. It clearly works on Luca Bish, who Gemma is currently coupled up with. Not only has he had ‘tunnel vision’ for the 19-year-old for most of the series, he commented specifically on how her perfume ‘smells really good’. The bottle is a distinctive shape, designed to look like a stiletto heel, instantly recognisable to fans of fragrance as Carolina Herrera’s Good Girl. Inspired by the ‘duality of womanhood\, the scent combines dark and light elements, with the description claiming it’s best ‘for the woman who loves her good side and celebrates her bad side’. Base notes of cacao and tonka bean provide a sweet, gourmand facet, while jasmine and tuberose as heart notes add a sexier edge. A top note of almond keeps the scent from feeling too heavy. Gemma’s not the only one who loves this perfume. It’s also a favourite of Karlie Kloss – and hundreds of reviewers. On the Boots website, Good Girl has an average rating of 4.6 out of five, which is rare for a perfume since they can be so subjective. ‘I absolutely love this perfume. It’s my go to scent whenever I go out and when I wear it I feel more confident,’ said one reviewer. ‘It is definitely a scent that will get you many compliments and questions about what perfume you’re wearing.’ ‘This is by far the best perfume I’ve ever had in my collection – and I have a lot of perfume,’ commented another. ‘For starters this bottle is everything… This is such an empowering, strong yet elegant fragrance.’ Other fans of the eau de parfum mentioned how good it looks on their dressing table, while many commented on the longevity of it (for some, over eight hours after spraying on). The appeal of it definitely transcends just Luca, so if you want to turn heads wherever you go, it could be the fragrance for you. Buy Carolina Herrera Good Girl (30ml) for £54 at Boots. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Quirky converted oast house with circular rooms goes on the market for £1.5m MORE : Holographic hair makeup that changes colour in heat launches with huge waiting list