Notorious prisoner Charles Bronson has become the first person to formally ask for a public Parole Board hearing. It comes after rules were changed in a bid to remove the secrecy behind the process which determines whether an inmate should be freed or stay behind bars. Reforms which came into force on Thursday now mean victims and the press can listen to case reviews. The news comes after Bronson, 69, confirmed to Metro.co.uk that he would make the move, saying: ‘There is no more sweeping my case under the mat.’ ‘I’ve nothing to hide from the media or public. It’s this vindictive system that runs from the truth’, he said earlier in July. ‘I’m the first to admit I probably deserve a good 30 years caged up and all the brutality against me. ‘But this last 20 years has been nothing but revenge – to make an example of a man they forever label an out-of-control lunatic. This is my time now.’ A date has not yet been set for his next parole review, although it is thought this may take place later this year or early in 2023. In deciding whether to grant a public hearing, the board’s chairman could consider factors including the wishes of victims and their families as well as any ‘undue emotional stress’ this could have on prisoners. Regularly described as one of the country’s ‘most violent prisoners’, Bronson has spent the vast majority of the last 50 years behind bars. Born as Michael Gordon Peterson in Luton, Bedfordshire, he was described as ‘mild-mannered and someone who would defend the weak’ as a child before causing terror as an adult. He was first locked up for armed robbery in 1974, and aside from two brief periods of freedom, he’s been in jail ever since. Bronson has gained notoriety for different crimes over the years and his sentences have repeatedly been increased following attacks on guards and fellow inmates. In 1996, he took two Iraqi hijackers and another inmate hostage at the high-security Belmarsh Prison and insisted they call him ‘General’. He warned negotiators he would eat one of them before demanding a helicopter to Cuba, a cheese and pickle sandwich and an ice cream to end the stand-off. Three years after that, he took an art teacher who had criticised his drawing hostage for 44 hours, tying a skipping rope around his neck and tugging him about at knifepoint. The inmate also attempted to strangle Gordon Robinson while at Broadmoor, before causing £250,000 worth of damage when he staged a three-day protest on a rooftop. Writing in his 2000 book Bronson, he said: ‘I’m a nice guy, but sometimes I lose all my senses and become nasty. That doesn’t make me evil, just confused.’ The Parole Board confirmed today a request for Bronson’s case to be heard in public has been received and will now be considered. It is understood the application was made on his behalf. It is not known how long it will take for the Parole Board to decide whether the hearing can be held in public. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.