Beyonce shared a heartfelt open letter ahead of the release of her seventh album, Renaissance, thanking her husband, Jay Z, and their three children, Blue Ivy, Sir and Rumi. The 40-year-old announced that new music was on the way last month, before blessing us all with lead single Break My Soul. On the eve of the release – which was reportedly leaked online – the Grammy-winner took a moment to reflect on her latest project, explaining that it gave her a feeling of escapism during the global pandemic. In an open letter on her website, she wrote: ‘This three act project was recorded over three years during the pandemic. A time to be still, but also a time I found to be the most creative. ‘Creating this album allowed me a place to dream and to find escape during a scary time for the world. It allowed me to feel free and adventurous in a time when little else was moving. ‘My intention was to create a safe place, a place without judgement, a place to be free of perfectionism and overthinking. A place to scream, release, feel freedom. It was a beautiful journey of exploration.’ Beyonce continued: ‘I want to give a special thank you to Rumi, Sir and Blue for allowing me the space, creativity and inspiration. ‘And a special thanks to my beautiful husband and muse, who held me down during those late nights in the studio.’ She also appeared to confirm a fan theory about Renaissance as she mentioned her late uncle, Johnny – with many believing the album is in his honor. ‘A big than you to my uncle Jonny, he was my Godmother and the first person to expose me to a lot of the music and culture that serve as inspiration for this album,’ she added. ‘Thank you to all of the pioneers who originate culture, to all of the fallen angels whose contributes have gone unrecognized for far too long. ‘This is a celebration for you. Thank you to my Parkwood crew, my Slab, Dream and all of the talented producers involved. Mama, I luhhhh you. To my father, my OG, my first teacher, you inspire me in every move that I make. I love you. ‘To all my fans: I hope you find joy in this music. I hope it inspires you to release the wiggle. Ha! And to feel as unique, strong and sexy as you are. Love y’all deep. B.’ Queen Bey sent us all into a spin when she confirmed her return to music last month, simply adding the Renaissance release date to her bios. We have all been waiting patiently to find out what the Single Ladies icon had in store with song titles including Plastic Off The Sofa, Alien Superstar, Thique and America Has A Problem in the mix. However, according to reports, album number seven has already been leaked online, hours before it was due to drop. Variety reported that social media was awash with comments regarding the songs, with some physical CDs on sale in Europe. Bey has kept quiet about the apparent leak, with furious fans condemning the move. Thankfully, we don’t have much longer to wait for Beyonce to bless our souls once more. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jessie Ware targeted with anti-Semitic abuse by colleague: ‘I burst into tears’ MORE : The Most Hated Man on the Internet viewers slam ‘vile’ Hunter Moore and his ‘rotten’ followers: ‘He’s the lowest of scum’ 