The Biden administration has told hospitals that they ‘must’ offer abortion services if a mother’s life is at risk. According to the administration, federal law around emergency treatment guidelines preempts state laws in jurisdictions that have banned abortions without any exemptions in light of the Supreme Court overturning Roe v Wade. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) cited requirements for medical facilities in the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act (EMTALA). It requires medical facilities to determine if a patient may be in labor, or face an emergency health situation or develop one. In those instances, the law calls on doctors to provide treatment. ‘If a physician believes that a pregnant patient presenting at an emergency department is experiencing an emergency medical condition as defined by EMTALA, and that abortion is the stabilizing treatment necessary to resolve that condition, the physician must provide that treatment,’ the HHS stated in its guidance. ‘When a state law prohibits abortion and does not include an exception for the life of the pregnant person – or draws the exception more narrowly than EMTALA’s emergency medical condition definition – that state law is preempted.’ The guidance comes three days after President Joe Biden signed an executive order aimed at protecting access to abortion and reproductive health services. Biden’s order on Friday, two weeks after the Supreme Court reversed the constitutional right to abortion, instructed the HHS and Justice Department to push back on efforts to stop women from using federally approved abortion medication and to travel to other states for the procedure. The HHS on Monday said that emergency conditions include ‘ectopic pregnancy, complications of pregnancy loss, or emergent hypertensive disorders, such as preeclampsia with severe features’. HHS Secretary Xavier Becerra in a letter to health care providers wrote: ‘It is critical that providers know that a physician or other qualified medical personnel’s professional and legal duty to provide stabilizing medical treatment to a patient who presents to the emergency department and is found to have an emergency medical condition preempts any directly conflicting state law or mandate that might otherwise prohibit such treatment.’ Breaking story, check back for updates…