Meet Haigen Oakes, the brainy five-year-old who puts our memory skills to shame. Haigen, from Norwich, was playing on his dad’s phone calculator when he discovered pi, and quickly learned it by heart. He later used his mum’s phone to look up the mathematical term on Google, and was fascinated by the results. Recently, he reeled off the number to 100 places, stunning his mum, Jessica Saunders. ‘Haigen’s favourite toy is a calculator,’ said Jessica, 33. ‘I have to buy him new ones all the time because they run out of battery – I think that says a lot.’ Haigen developed a talent for numbers in his younger years, which is helped by his extraordinarily good memory. But he’s strong in all his school subjects. Jessica, who manages care homes, said: ‘Haigen has always been incredibly bright and absolutely obsessed with numbers. ‘Maths is his favourite subject, but he is just as good at spelling too. ‘When he started talking about pi I was shocked because it’s not exactly a subject a five-year-old would usually take an interest in. ‘But he’d been looking at it on my phone for ages and after a while he started blurting out the figures. ‘To my utter disbelief he was getting all the numbers right – he just kept going.’ Jessica shared a video of Haigen’s trick online, where it received thousands of likes and comments from people stunned by the boy’s talent. The mum is excited by Haigen’s academic ability but feels it’s important not to put to much pressure on him at such a young age. ‘It’s wonderful to see how well he’s doing at school,’ she said. ‘He has a mathematical talent – that much is obvious. ‘But we’re not getting ahead of ourselves and most importantly not putting Haigen under any pressure. ‘We’ll just see how he continues to develop over the next few years, but right now we couldn’t be prouder of him.’ Haigen said: ‘When I’m older I want to be a rocket scientist. ‘I am a human calculator and numbers are my favourite thing in the world!” Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Seven-year-old girl warms teachers’ hearts by writing them their own report cards MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know MORE : Family throw gender reveal party for eight-year-old trans daughter