Vast swathes of the country will be left without any rail services at all when another strike takes place on Wednesday. RMT members working for Network Rail and 14 different operators will down tools later this week. People are being urged not to travel at all on July 27 and the disruption is expected to last into the following morning. Rail bosses have released maps confirming many lines will be closed altogether, with a highly limited service running on other branches between the hours of 7.30am and 6.30pm. Only around one fifth of all services will run on half of the usual network and even some stations on lines which remain open will be closed. Last-ditch talks held in recent days have collapsed, meaning the UK is once again heading for chaos on the rails. The industrial action is part of an ongoing pay and conditions dispute which saw the network upended by the biggest rail strike in modern history last month. Union bosses have warned they are prepared to continue with rolling strike action unless a deal can be reached. RMT general secretary Mick Lynch accused the rail companies of failing to offer an improved deal after June’s three walk-outs. He said companies are ‘ransacking’ terms and conditions, adding: ‘RMT will continue to negotiate in good faith but we will not be bullied or cajoled by anyone. ‘The government need to stop their interference in this dispute so the rail employers can come to a negotiated settlement with us.’ Urging customers to stay at home, Andrew Haines, Network Rail chief executive, said: ‘Despite our best efforts to find a breakthrough, I’m afraid there will be more disruption for passengers this week as the RMT seems hell-bent on continuing their political campaigning, rather than compromising and agreeing a deal for their members. ‘I can only apologise for the impact this pointless strike will have on passengers, especially those travelling for holidays or attending events such as the UEFA Women’s Euro 2022 semi-final and the opening ceremony of the Commonwealth Games. ‘It is frustrating to yet again ask our passengers to change their plans and only make essential journeys.’ A separate train strike by the Asflef union, which represents drivers, will take place on Saturday. Seven different companies will be impacted: Arriva Rail London; Chiltern Railways; Greater Anglia; Great Western; Hull Trains; LNER; Southeastern; and West Midlands Trains. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.