Birthing babies, it’s no picnic. After meeting your new bundle of joy, there are many different phases when it comes to your post-baby body. From birth to sleepless nights, it can all take its toll. In between, your body needs time to heal and recover, despite the myth of quickly bouncing back. Often women find they still have the appearance of pregnancy in the following weeks after birth, and at least one in three women will suffer from diastasis recti, a separation of the stomach muscles. Diastasis recti happens when small connective tissues in the midline muscles separate during pregnancy. This is a completely natural stretch and our bodies are working their magic to make room for the growing baby in preparation for labour. The separation can range from being isolated above the belly button, inside the belly button, to all the way below the stomach. This traditionally happens in the third trimester, but some may experience it before then. Diastasis recti is not life-threatening but can result in a prolonged weakened core as well as some women find they don’t like the look of it. This is because as well as weakness, diastasis recti can make the stomach stick out and give the appearance of looking pregnant still. Some women report feeling unconfident or being questioned if they are ‘expecting.’ With a little time and help though, this can be rectified to bring the muscles back together. But, and there is a big but here, patience is key. Esther Stubbs, expert women’s health physio, explains there are easy ways that you can notice whether you have diastasis recti. ‘Telling signs include bloating, pain at the front of the abdominals, a doming abdomen when you try to sit up, or a sinking abdomen when you sit down. There is also the term ‘jelly belly’, where the stomach swishes and moves.’ According to the NHS, the muscles naturally go back together after about eight weeks but depending on various factors including how much they separated, it can be longer than this and you may need a helping hand. In some rare cases, it is permanent and corrective surgery may be needed. While severe cases may need an operation to reconnect the muscles, the good news is that the condition can be improved with the right exercises. Diastasis recti can be treated with initial gentle exercise, breath work and core control. Esther recommends learning to breathe correctly and activating your pelvic floor and core, which can work wonders for returning the abdominals to their original position. ‘Pilates is a good form of exercise to help with this and can be vital in helping diastasis recti.’ Everyone is different when it comes to exercise post-birth. While some feel ready to exercise within weeks others can take much longer. ‘Women can start to exercise after their six-week postpartum checkup’, Esther says. ‘Exercise should be graduated and appropriate for your strength and ability. You wouldn’t expect to be able to run straight after abdominal surgery, and having a baby is no different. You can start slowly and build up for long-lasting strength and fitness.’ The NHS also recommends gentle postpartum exercises including walking and stretching, with pelvic floor and tummy exercises. Exercise can also help with getting fresh air, and feeling relaxed which in turn is a win-win, as it can help with postnatal depression. Many people think any form of stomach exercise will help with repairing diastasis recti but beware as this is not the case. Esther notes that you should avoid any exercise deemed too much pressure and weights are not your best friend during recovery so do not use them. ‘You want to avoid anything that puts stress around the abdominals. So, sit-ups, plank, push-ups, burpees, ab twists, crunches, leg lifts and heavy lifting are all too much for diastasis recti. ‘These things can be done again once the stomach has healed and restrengthened.’ It may be disheartening but there are still a few other things you can try. Esther points out that it can sometimes take a little bit longer so it’s important to be easy on your body. ‘There are support bands out there which can be worn around the stomach area and seeking professional physio can also help. ‘Sometimes other things can exacerbate the diastasis recti such as posture, overactive obliques that draw the abdominal muscles apart, scar tissue and adhesions preventing closure. A physiotherapist will be able to assess these and provide further specific help and support.’ While there is surgery also, this is seen as a last resort for extreme cases. It may feel like you are the only person in the world suffering from diastasis recti, but it is more common than you think. While healing may not be a quick fix solution there are ways you can still feel good about yourself. ‘Finding a local support group, knowing there are other women out there going through the same thing and are healing, is a great comfort,’ Esther notes. ‘Also, for extra comfort and for physical aesthetics, a support belt can provide some structure in the meantime. Most women with diastasis recti can successfully resolve their symptoms and will go on to live happy active lives.’ MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: An easy chicken pot pie for when you don’t know what to make for dinner MORE : Essential water safety tips to keep your kids safe this summer