Love Island’s Paige Thorne made a subtle dig at Jacques O’Neill while on her final date with Adam Collard, as the pair enjoyed a romantic drink on a boat. The couple have been getting closer and closer each day, having started cracking on since Jacques left the villa. In tearful scenes only two weeks ago, Jacques made the difficult decision to leave the villa, while giving his blessing for Paige to carry on, and promising to be waiting for her at the airport. However, since his departure, the Welsh paramedic’s head turned for returning bombshell Adam, who set his sights on her as he walked (back) into the villa. Tonight, as they enjoyed their romantic date amid a very idyllic setting, Paige told Adam: ‘Obviously, my journey started off a little bit different. But since you’ve come in I’ve been non-stop smiling. ‘Even if everyone was still in the villa, it would be you out of them all, that I can see a potential future with for sure. ‘And I’ve just honestly enjoyed every second.’ Adam replied: ‘It just feels so normal, so natural.’ Viewers were quick to pick up on Paige’s comments, with one writing: ‘Paige trying to hint that if Jacques was here she would still pick Adam.’ Another penned: ‘I think Paige has completely forgotten Jacques exists.’ Returning from her date, Paige gushed to the girls about her date, saying it was ‘the cutest’ she had ‘ever been on.’ ‘It was honestly the most romantic date, and best date I’ve ever been on in my life,’ she said, adding that she knows her parents ‘would love’ Adam. ‘Honestly, my Love Island experience has been two separate stories, I went through a really rough, rocky start at the beginning, I was unhappy, I did a lot of crying, I had good times too but they just were not compared to what I’ve got now. He’s exactly what I’ve been looking for, and he’s ticking all my boxes,’ she said. Paige’s comments come after Jacques deleting all his pictures of her from his Instagram. It appears he’s come to a realisation that his former connection may be a thing of the past, with photos of Paige now scrapped from his account, despite one of them together previously being pinned to the top of his profile. Several fans who spotted Jacques quietly removing the pictures of Paige from his Instagram tweeted: ‘Jacques has unpinned his picture with Paige and cleared her from his profile. Safe to say he’s not going to pick her from the airport.’ Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tasha Ghouri’s dad says Love Island’s Andrew Le Page ‘looking like son-in-law material’ after heartfelt speech on her ‘superpower’ MORE : Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s brother drops major hint he’s on the way to Love Island villa – and fans can’t wait for him to meet Davide Sanclimenti 