Several buildings have been destroyed on the edge of London after a grass fire broke out and spread wildly out of control. Horrendous pictures show thick black smoke billowing into the air, with buildings and fields on fire in Wennington, close to the Dartford Crossing, this afternoon. It comes as London Fire Brigade declares a ‘major incident’ – with crews tackling at least 10 blazes across Greater London due to dangerous temperatures. It is officially the hottest day the UK has ever seen, with temperatures topping 40°C for the first time since records began. London Ambulance Service has confirmed staff are treating a number of patients as flames rage across the capital. Around 100 firefighters and 15 fire engines are fighting the fire on The Green in Wennington. Desperate residents could be seen running from their homes to escape the fire before crews arrived. At least one house appeared to be completely destroyed in the blaze. Meanwhile, the LFB is also tackling two simultaneous grass fires in Croydon on Oaks Road and Chapel View. Four fire engines and around 25 firefighters were earlier called to reports of a fire on Green Lanes in Southgate, north London. Other blazes are also raging in Upminster, Pinner, Dagenham, Wembley, Hendon and Eltham. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: ‘London Fire Brigade has just declared a Major Incident in response to a huge surge in fires across the capital today. ‘This is critical: London Fire Brigade is under immense pressure. Please be safe.’ A spokesperson from London Ambulance Service said: ‘We are responding to a number of fire incidents across London including at Rainham and Wembley. ‘We have a number of resources on scene including ambulance crews and our Hazardous Response teams. We are treating patients on scene.’ Elsewhere, 12 fire engines from Kent Fire and Rescue Service are battling flames near Durrell Dene, in Joyce Green, Dartford. People driving on the A2 and nearby roads are advised to take care, due to smoke rising in the area. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.