Love Island viewers have slammed tonight’s episode as one of the most ‘boring’, after the islanders spent the day playing parents and looking after dolls. While Davide Sanclimenti took his new role in his stride, showing his baby around the villa and even giving her a makeover, and Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack won parents of the year, those watching at home were not as entertained. The boys were left alone in the villa as the girls enjoyed a day trip out, before they all reunited for a baby disco in the evening, which even included a game of pass the parcel. When the babies first arrived in the villa, waking the islanders up with crying, Tasha Ghouri walked into the newly-created nursery, admitting: ‘This is my nightmare, I’ve actually woken up to a nightmare.’ But as the day progressed, the mums and dads grew fond of their dolls, with a few even giving them makeovers. However, while the islanders were enjoying their time as parents, viewers slammed the episode as ‘boring’. ‘What an excruciatingly boring episode,’ one person wrote, while another penned: ‘Can’t lie. This episode is boring. I’m going to bed.’ Someone else commented: ‘Pass the parcel? Love Island are running out of content,’ while another viewer joked: ‘The producers should’ve put a message in pass the parcel that said “the couple who have opened this will now be dumped from the island.” Imagine the chaos.’ Other viewers noted that there was no dramatic spoiler for tomorrow night’s episode, with one writing: ‘No tomorrow night after this dry episode??’ The start of the episode proved far more dramatic, as two islanders were dumped from the villa. Danica Taylor and Jamie Allen were booted from the villa, after being revealed to be vulnerable alongside Dami and Indiyah and Adam Collard and Paige Thorne. ‘I’m walking out of here with somebody who I genuinely think I’ve got quite a good connection with,’ Danica said before leaving the villa. ‘I’m so proud of myself.’ Just five couples remain now: Dami and Iniyah, Adam and Paige, Luca Bish and Gemma Owen, Andrew Le Page and Tasha, Davide and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island USA: Tyler Radziszewski and Sereniti Springs seal budding romance with kiss after recoupling drama MORE : Love Island’s Danica Taylor and Jamie Allen brutally dumped from villa ahead of final 