Jailed tennis star Boris Becker could be deported from the United Kingdom ‘the second he walks free’, according to reports. Three-time Wimbledon champion Becker was handed a two-and-a-half year prison sentence earlier this year after failing to declare £2.5 million worth of assets to avoid paying debts. The 54-year-old German – who regularly appeared on the BBC’s coverage of the Championships before his conviction as a pundit – was allowed to watch the 2022 tournament from his cell at HMP Huntercombe. However, the Daily Mirror are reporting that the 54-year-old German, who spends most his time locked up playing table tennis, could be kicked out of the country as soon as his jail time is over, meaning he would no longer appear as a pundit. ‘Becker makes use of all the facilities,’ a source said. ‘He’s pretty much a model prisoner and there have been no issues.’ Becker allegedly sparked outrage among his prison inmates earlier this month when he was handed a new job at the Category C men’s prison, teaching sports science as a classroom assistant. ‘You would normally serve years before getting a job as a classroom assistant as it is seen as a privilege,’ a different source told The Sun. ‘But Becker has been given the job within weeks of being sentenced. ‘There is a lot of resentment about it and the families of some prisoners have written letters of complaint.’ BBC duo John McEnroe and Sue Barker came under fire at Wimbledon for pledging support to convicted criminal Becker during a live broadcast. ‘Boris, we love you,’ McEnroe said. ‘We miss you, man.’ Fellow presenter Barker then added: ‘We do indeed.’ One Twitter user wrote: ‘Stop presenters mentioning Boris Becker. We pay taxes in order to buy [a] license fee [and] he avoids it and it’s rubbed in our face.’ MORE : How Ted Lasso helped Max Purcell win Wimbledon MORE : Novak Djokovic receives US Open boost as he looks to equal Rafael Nadal record For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 