At least eight UK fire and rescue services have declared major incidents due to wildfires amid the heatwave. Hundreds of firefighters are battling blazes across the country on the hottest-ever day. Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service tweeted earlier: ‘We have declared a major incident due to high demand across Leicester, Leicestershire and Rutland. ‘We will not be attending automatic fire alarms. Please only call us if it’s an emergency.’ Firefighters added they are currently in attendance at a grass fire off Bradgate Hill in Groby. ‘Five pumps and a water carrier are at the scene,’ the service tweeted. ‘Please avoid the area.’ The country has registered record-high temperatures today after reaching 40.3°C, which is the first time the UK has ever passed 40°C. Health and ‘danger to life’ warnings were issued by forecasters, who said huge pressure would be placed on emergency services and the NHS today. Scientists also warned this is just the beginning of the impact of the climate emergency, which will see extreme heatwaves more often. Responding to the major incidents, councillor Ian Stephens, chair of the Fire Services Management Committee at the Local Government Association, said it is ‘imperative’ that people do not take unnecessary risks and make efforts to stay safe. He added: ‘This means not having BBQs on balconies and grass, parks and other open spaces, disposing of rubbish safely, including cigarettes, broken bottles and glass. Anyone who sees a fire should report it immediately. ‘The pressures we are seeing fire and rescue Services under today demonstrate the importance of continuing to fund them for potential risk rather than just day to day demand.’ The London Fire Brigade was the first rescue service in the country to declare a major incident after multiple fires broke out across the capital. Several homes on the edge of the city, in Wennington, were destroyed after a grassfire became out of control. In nearby Upminster, east London, almost 200 firefighters were tackling a huge wildfire as temperatures reached record-breaking highs. Three hectares of cornfield and scrubland were ablaze, billowing smoke over the M25. Homes are also facing destruction in Dagenham as another fire triggered an evacuation on Ballards Road. Meanwhile roads are melting across the country amid the extreme temperatures. Someone in Stockport described how his feet ‘got stuck’ when walking across a road, while tarmac was lodged in the treads of his tyres. ‘It sounded like it had just rained and the cars were drivingthrough the puddles,’ he added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.