A woman has been convicted of the infanticide of her 10-week old daughter in a case which raises serious questions for the Metropolitan Police and local authority. Hours after a home visit from a social worker, Lauren Saint George inflicted fatal head injuries, 18 rib fractures and a leg fracture on baby Lily-Mai Hurrell Saint George, the Old Bailey heard. The 25-year-old mother lost her temper before violently shaking Lily-Mai and pulling and twisting her leg on January 31 2018, it was alleged. Lily-Mai died at Great Ormond Street Hospital on February 2, when surgeons turned off her life support machine due to the extent of her brain damage. Today, Saint George was found guilty at the court over the death, which came six days after the child was discharged into her parents’ care – despite healthcare professionals arguing against it. Haringey social services had decided less than a week before the attack that Lily-Mai should be transferred to the sole care of her parents, Saint George and Darren Hurrell, 25 – even though experts at Barnet Hospital warned that she was at risk of neglect. Meanwhile, the Met initially said there was not enough evidence to charge her parents. Yet they both faced trial after a coroner ruled last year that the baby was unlawfully killed. The jury of seven men and four women cleared Saint George, from Enfield, north London, of murder, manslaughter and child cruelty. But she was convicted of infanticide by a majority of 10-1, after more than 11 hours of deliberation. The charge is an alternative verdict to murder where a mother kills her child while her mind is disturbed by a failure to recover from the effects of childbirth. Her partner Hurrell, also 25 and from Alvaston in Derby, was cleared of child cruelty. Prosecutor Sally O’Neill QC told the jury: ‘Lily-Mai’s death could almost definitely have been avoided if she had not been discharged into the care of two people who were woefully unsuited to caring for her.’ Mr Justice Spencer found Hurrell had no case to answer for charges of murder and manslaughter and threw out a charge of causing or allowing the death of a child against both parents. The court heard the pair had been housed at a flat in Duckett’s Green, north London, while Lily-Mai was still in Barnet Hospital, having been born prematurely at 31 weeks. Theresa Ferguson, a social worker with Haringey Child and Family Services, was allocated the case after concerns were raised over the parents’ ability to care for Lily-Mai. The day before the discharge, Ms Ferguson made a referral for a ‘legal gateway meeting’ – one of the options available to social services to take steps to intervene in the care of a baby – but went on annual leave the following day. That same day, Police were called to the parents’ flat, over an alleged row between the pair, but no offence was disclosed. Barnet Hospital professionals, including neonatal sister Deborah Hodge, were also concerned by the idea of Lily-Mai being transferred to the sole care of her parents, fearing she could be neglected. Concerns were raised about Saint George’s mental health, her parenting abilities and her lack of commitment to her daughter, including not visiting her in hospital. Despite the misgivings, on January 22 it was decided that Lily-Mai would be sent home with close contact from social services. Ms Ferguson made a home visit when she returned to work on January 30, followed by health visitor Alberta Nyantaki on the same day. The attack happened the next day. Ms Nyantaki concluded that Lily-Mai’s needs were being satisfactorily met, but expressed ‘serious concerns’ to Ms Ferguson, who told her the threshold for a child care protection plan had been met because of the couple’s volatility. The legal process began the following day and Ms Ferguson visited the flat at around 3pm to explain options for a residential placement for the family, or for Hurrell and the baby to go in without Saint George. The court heard that Saint George swore at the social worker and refused to co-operate, having earlier blamed Lily-Mai for not letting her sleep in a text message. The prosecutor said: ‘She was unable to contain herself in front of a social worker who was there to judge her competence as a mother, and you may have no doubt that she was unable to contain herself a few hours later.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Woman finds dead body in boot of rental car after noticing funny smell