Meet Mambo, the 20-year-old music-obsessed cockatoo who loves Bad Bunny and dancing with his owner. Franklin Liranzo was struck by Mambo when he found the bird ‘dancing’ on his own in a pet shop cage seven months ago. Franklin believes poor Mambo was abused by his previous owners, but his sad past is a far cry away from his happy present. Professional Latin dancer Franklin, 39, claims they warm up and practice together, and says they ‘buzz off each other’s energy’. Franklin, from Long Island City, New York, said: ‘Mambo is my perfect dancing partner. We buzz off each other’s energy. ‘When I’m home and need to re-energise, I put one of my playlists on, and he dances with me every time. He’s literally a party animal. ‘Since I dance professionally, I’m always playing different kinds of music, and when he likes a song he’ll bob his head up and down. ‘He reacted differently to Titi Me Pregunto, and what gave away that he loves that song is him jumping on the bed. That means he’s thrilled by it. ‘I think it’s the fast and jumpy beat, and the song is very catchy. He likes other music like that too, but doesn’t really respond much to slow music. ‘When I first saw him, he was already dancing, so I think he was born a dancer. That’s why I named him Mambo. He wakes up dancing and goes to bed dancing.’ Because he reacts angrily to women, Mambo’s home with Franklin and his husband Rosario Manella, 33, is perfect for him. ‘Whenever we leave the house,’ said Franklin, ‘we leave the music playing, so he has something to listen to. ‘It feels great to dance with him. Anything I can do to make him happy is great.’ Sweet footage shows Mambo waiting on Franklin’s bed for his favourite Bad Bunny song to start before happily bobbing his head to the music. When Franklin stands up to join in, the white cockatoo begins jumping up and down before weaving from side to side, as if mimicking his owner. Franklin’s videos of Mambo have been liked almost 700,000 times on TikTok, and he says he’s thrilled they’ve been able to brighten so many people’s days. One such person commented: ‘Omg! That is the cutest thing ever, especially when he starts hopping up and down!’ Another wrote: ‘I need to go party with him.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : 10 minutes of listening to birdsong could be the ultimate stress relief – here’s why MORE : How to spot if your dog or cat has heatstroke and how to help them MORE : RSPCA no longer taking in injured seabirds due to bird flu risk