A performer dressed as a Sesame Street character has been accused of being racist after seemingly ignoring two black girls, stirring backlash and the threat of a lawsuit. The performer dressed as Rosita at Sesame Place in Pennsylvania appears to greet children along the street during a parade with high-fives, a video shows. As Rosita approached, two young black girls reached out for their own high-fives. When the performer reached the girls, the costumed character appear to wave them away before continuing down parade. ‘THIS DISGUSTING person blatantly told our kids NO then proceeded to hug the little white girl next to us!’ said Jodi Brown, the mother and aunt of the girls in the video in an Instagram post. ‘Then when I went to complain about it, they looking at me like I’m crazy.’ Sesame Place Philadelphia tried to diffuse the situation with a post on Instagram. ‘Our brand, our park and our employees stand for inclusivity in all forms,’ the theme park wrote. ‘The costumes our performers wear sometimes make it difficult to see at lower levels and sometimes our performers miss hug requests from guests.’ Brown announced that she was retaining a lawyer to aide her in investigating the incident and looking into a possible lawsuit. In an interview with TMZ, Brown said it was difficult explaining to her daughter and niece what happened during the parade. ‘They were excited to meet these characters, and a simple high-five or a wave would have been sufficient,’ Brown said. Brown’s lawyer, B’Ivory LaMarr, admitted that the burden of proof was extremely high for his client to prove discrimination, but also noted that ‘with the amount of evidence that we’ve received, with the amount of families that have reached out causes a question whether there’s a pattern of this type of conduct being experienced at the Sesame Place theme park’. ‘I think it’s very evident that the employee of Sesame Place intentionally caused this conduct,’ LaMarr said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.