Davide Saclimenti and Ekin-Su Culculoglu have left fans in bits with their absolutely pitch-perfect impressions of each other. Love Island’s old married couple continue to show why they’re the fan-favourites this year, with their rollercoaster relationship giving us more drama and hilarity than any scripted show. The pair can go from giving each other pet names one minute to snarking at each other the next, but there’s clearly affection there – as can be seen in their impeccable impersonations of each other. On Saturday, viewers were treated to a new episode of Love Island Unseen Bits, and the islanders were given a challenge: Do an impression of someone in the villa. Fans were left ‘wheezing’ with laughter as Ekin-Su and Davide immediately jumped at the chance to take the mick out of each other, with the Turkish actress mocking their own infamous argument. Complete with hand gestures and an Italian accent, she raged: ‘You are an actress, you deserve an Oscar!’ Davide meanwhile had tons of fun with his own impression, even bringing props into the mix. He put on a bikini and brushed his hair as he told the camera: ‘Hi, I’m Ekin-Su, I’m an actress… I’m a 10 out of 10 from Turkey.’ He went on: ‘Whenever a fit boy with a membership of a gym of six months enters the villa I need to flirt with him… Davide’s still my favourite though.’ Viewers loved the light-hearted jibes, flocking to social media to share their love for the couple. ‘Ekin Su and Davide are just Bonnie and Clyde at this point, 2 coconut heads,’ one user laughed. ‘What is this perfect impression [of] each other.’ Anther said the segment proved once and for all that this year’s Love Island is ‘their show,’ while another declared they were ‘wheezing’ at the interaction. ‘Davide’s and Ekin-Su’s impressions of each other OMG love it,’ anther wrote. And one excitable fan said simply: ‘OMG EKIN-SU’S IMPRESSION OF DAVIDE & DAVIDE’S IMPRESSION OF EKIN-SU IS ABSOLUTELY FREAKING HILARIOUS.’ One viewer pointed out that Ekin-Su had made reference to the ‘yellow beanbag’ in one of her impressions, and guessed ‘they must’ve argued about that the ther night.’ And what is the yellow beanbag about? Well, in case you missed it, there’s a curse on the villa. (No, really.) Elsewhere on Friday’s Unseen Bits, it was revealed that one of the beanbags in the villa is cursed – and whoever sits on it is guaranteed to get into drama. Ekin-Su, speaking to the camera, revealed one of her latest bust-ups with Davide wasn’t because of Adam Collard but because she ‘sat on the yellow beanbag.’ A later clip saw Davide walking over to the boys and taking the only free seat, which just so happened to be that particular seat. He was asked if he was really planning on sitting on the cursed beanbag, to which he replied: ‘Yeah, I don’t give a f*** about nothing.’ (The programme then cut to Davide calling Ekin-Su ‘as fake as the Louis Vuitton from China,’ which, as we now know, was actually the beanbag’s fault.) Love Island returns Sunday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Islanders claim ‘cursed’ beanbag is real reason for Ekin-Su Culculoglu’s bust-up with Davide Sanclimenti MORE : Jacques O’Neill brands Love Island ‘worst decision of my life’ as he speaks out after exit: ‘I was feeling so mentally drained, I just wanted to go home’ 