Lindsay Lohan appeared to reveal she has tied the knot to her fiancé Bader Shammas, to who she became engaged in November 2021. Mean Girls star Lindsay is currently celebrating her 36th birthday today, July 2. But it seems as though there may be another reason to get in on the festivities, as she hinted she’s now a married woman, too. Taking to Instagram, she posted a snap of herself beaming next to her other half and referred to him as her ‘husband’ in a sweet tribute. She told her 10.9 million followers: ‘I am the luckiest woman in the world. You found me and knew that I wanted to find happiness and grace, all at the same time. ‘I am stunned that you are my husband. My life and my everything.’ She concluded: ‘Every woman should feel like this every day.’ Lindsay confirmed she and Bader were engaged last November, by sharing a sweet set of snaps on the social media site. In an adorable caption, she called him: ‘My love. My life. My family. My future.’ The pair are had been dating for over three years before their engagement, and are pretty low-key about their romance. Bader is an assistant vice president at Credit Suisse in Dubai, where Lindsay has lived for the past seven years. Lindsay routinely tags Bader in posts featuring them both, but he is private on Insta, with just 632 followers. The Parent Trap actress has previously spoken out on how Dubai life has changed her and given her a ‘sense of calm.’ She shared: ‘It just really happened, how I moved to Dubai. I got there, and I felt a certain sense of calm. ‘I think it’s because paparazzi is illegal there. I really found that I had a private life, and I could just take time for myself. ‘I decided to stay there because I really learned to appreciate what it is to go, do my work, and then leave and live a normal life,’ she added to Vogue’s Life in Looks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heartstopper cast playfully torment anti-LGBTQ+ protestors by dancing and blowing kisses at London Pride MORE : Ferne McCann announces engagement to boyfriend Lorri Haines after six months of dating: ‘So happily ever afters do exist’ 