If property price rises in your city are keeping you off the ladder, have you considered saving money by moving to an underground bunker instead? Probably not – but this former bomb shelter may just be the perfect home for someone looking to switch up their living situation. On sale for $399,900 (£329,570), it’s located in Yucca, Arizona, US, and comprises 7,000 square feet of prime real estate (even if you can’t see most of it). Built as a bomb shelter in 1980, the subterranean house stays cool in the summer and traps the heat in the winter. And although it has bags of character from its former usage, it’s now a fully functioning home, with four bedrooms, two bathrooms, and its very own sauna. As well as the sauna, special features in this house include a sunken living room ‘ready to invite all of your friends and family over’ alongside a built-in dining room table seating 12. You’ll also be glad to hear that it’s got air conditioning – which you’ll need during those hot Arizona summers. Situated on 17.7 acres of land, there’s a large garage and a deck on the property, which has views of the desert and the Mojave National Preserve. The new owner of this place will be able to make use of a workshop on the land, constructed from an old train car, as well as a huge airplane hangar should you need some extra storage space for your plane. There’s certainly work to be done, though, as images show a property that appears to have been left empty for some time. Dated furnishings and fittings give an idea of when it was last renovated, while the home’s remote location mean there may be further issues to contend with. The listing reads: ‘Water well is drilled, not currently functioning, but owners believe it just needs a new pump and you’re ready to go.’ That said, the house is equipped with solar panels to make use of all that desert sun – plus, there’s the capacity to live totally off-grid with a couple of adjustments. Off grid is the order of the day here, with the population of Yucca sitting at under 100 people. You’re 150 miles from the bright lights of Las Vegas, with just a few shops and businesses locally. With a low cost of living and and a slow pace of life, however, it’ll be a haven for anyone looking to lay low for a while. View the listing and enquire to view at Realty One Group. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘I am obsessed’: Why everyone’s going mad for this £12 Shein dress MORE : Having an alcoholic parent ruined my relationship with booze