Great Britain’s Heather Watson and Cam Norrie have secured their best-ever runs at Wimbledon with both booking their places in the fourth round. Watson beat Kaja Juvan 7-6 (8-6), 6-2 as the 30-year-old, ranked No.109 in the world, held her nerve to seal her greatest run at a Grand Slam and fell to her knees to kiss the grass after winning the crucial match point to spark wild celebrations from the home crowd on Court One. The British No.4 will next face German world No.97 Jule Niemeier, and will fancy her chances after knocking out Slovenia’s world No.62 Juvan in straight sets. ‘Well, it wouldn’t be me if there wasn’t a bit of drama at the end!’ An emotional Watson said after a nervy finish to the second set. ‘Wow, what an atmosphere. ‘There is nowhere I would rather make round four. I felt like [Kaja Juvan] was playing her best tennis at the end, I wasn’t even that nervous but you guys got me over the line. ‘I’m so happy, thank you to my team for pushing me through and being with me through thick and thin. I’m not speechless because I’m blabbing on but I don’t know what to say. ‘It means everything, playing here at home in front of you guys the atmosphere is everything. Please can all of you come back for my fourth round next week!’ Watson, who beat Tamara Korpatsch and Wang Qiang to set up Friday’s meeting with Juvan, could be joined in the fourth round by fellow Brit Katie Boutler who faces Harmony Tan tomorrow. ‘I’ve watched all of their matches and even if I’ve missed them I’ve watched them on the recap later on,’ Watson said about her British compatriots. ‘It’s really inspiring and we’re all egging each other on.’ Norrie easily handled America’s Steve Johnson 6-4, 6-1, 6-0 and sets up a last 16 clash with another American, Tommy Paul. The 26-year-old ninth seed will be favourite against the number 30 seed and he feels he is peaking at the ideal time. Norrie told the BBC: ‘It feels really good, especially here at Wimbledon, at home. First time in the second week of a Grand Slam and I couldn’t be happier especially with all my friends and family watching me. It’s good timing that they’re here! I enjoyed that match today and it was a bit less stressful than the last round for my squad. ‘I’m enjoying playing at this level, the process and enjoying improving with my coach and my team. We all have the same goals and we’re all pushing each other – it’s been a lot of fun and I want to keep going and keep ticking all boxes. ‘I’m as ready as I can be – I’m training as hard as I can and it’s been a tricky grass season and I’ve peaked at the right time. I’m feeling good and moving well on the court so I’m as ready as I can be.’ MORE : Katie Boulter fights back tears as British star beats Karolina Pliskova for biggest-ever career win MORE : Rafael Nadal sends advice to Emma Raducanu following her early Wimbledon exit For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 