Love Island fans were treated to one of the show’s highlights, the talent show, on Monday night, so we look back at some of the best performances from previous series. The hit ITV2 dating series is nearly over for another year, with just a week to go until one couple will be voted as winners by the public. As the countdown continues, fans saw the remaining islanders take to the stage (patio decking) to show off a wide range of talents in the fan-favourite episode. Danica Taylor gave a taste of her moves, while Indiyah Polack got her recorder out for a beautiful rendition of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star. Meanwhile, Gemma Owen and Paige Thorne performed as a duo, while Luca Bish gave an interesting tribute to High School Musical. Basically, the islanders have no end to their talents, so Metro.co.uk has delved back into previous years to put together the most memorable talent show acts from former contestants. Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay arguably formed the most famous bromance on the show, becoming closer than a lot of the couples back in 2017. They showed off their rapping skills throughout the series, making it the obvious talent to showcase to their fellow islanders, with Marcel Somerville joining in on the keys. The pair later enjoyed a taste of chart success when they teamed up with grime artist Lethal Bizzle, with their track, Little Bit Leave It, which made it to Number 15 on the UK Singles Chart later that summer. Siannise Fudge and Luke Trotman found romance towards the end of the 2020 winter Love Island, and The pair – who finished the show in second place – were totally co-ordinated as they bopped around in front of their fellow islanders. Fans were unsurprisingly mesmerised by the scenes, attempting to recreate the moves on TikTok, but it was harder than it looked. Millie’s keyboard act has to be the best-ever moment from Love Island talent show past. The blonde took to the seat in a pink dress and played ‘as though she’s never seen one before,’ according to narrator Iain Stirling. Chloe Burrows could be seen trying to stifle in a giggle, while Jake Cornish told fans he was ‘moved to tears’ by Millie’s rendition. It even made her partner at the time, Liam Reardon, fall even more in love with her, so we can’t fault her efforts at all. Fans even want her and Indiyah to collab in a Love Island band, and we want nothing more. Long-term fans will remember Cara De La Hoyde’s fire action all the way back in season two. The circus performer left her fellow islanders stunned when she performed her daring tricks while donning a black bikini. But it clearly impressed Nathan Massey, who she now shares two children with. Casa Amor bombshell Priscilla Anyabu blew everyone away when she bust a move right in the Love Island Villa. She had all the islanders on their feet, and getting their groove on. ‘Priscilla, Priscilla, Priscilla, livable! Energy straight away and it lasted throughout the whole performance. ‘Everyone was so shocked, I think,’ Luke T told fans after, and he wasn’t wrong. A fair contrast to Cara’s wild routine, Kady decided to put on a tap dance performance for her fellow islanders on the same night. We’ve got to give it to her, as it was actually a very cute routine, as she smiled her way throughout Who knew firecracker Kady had such sweet moves in her? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers show Luca Bish storming off after clash with Gemma Owen over ‘mile-high club’ challenge MORE : Tasha Ghouri’s family share video of her ‘real talent’ after Love Island fans wince over that cup song – and she’s got serious moves 