In gorgeous Monday morning news, Nicola Adams and partner Ella Baig have welcomed their baby boy. The pair, who announced they were expecting a child in February, revealed their son was born on Saturday morning. In a statement, the boxer and Strictly Come Dancing star, shared her pride and love for Ella. Nicola said: ‘We are so excited to have welcomed our son into the world on Saturday morning at around 7am. Nothing prepares you for this moment in life but I am so overwhelmed with love and proud of Ella.’ She added to Hello: ‘We can’t wait to start this new chapter with baby Adams.’ Earlier this year Nicola and Ella revealed the exciting news they were having a baby together, sharing their first scan. Nicole wrote at the time: ‘I can’t wait for the baby to be born @ella.baig.’ The Olympian, 39, and blogger, 24, have been together for four years and revealed their baby news in February, sharing a picture of their scan with delighted fans, before sharing a gender reveal. The couple had been trying to have a baby for three years, using Nicola’s egg and a sperm donor who resembles Ella. In a joint Instagram post, they told followers of their impending arrival: ‘We’re so excited to announce that our family is expanding. ‘After what feels like a lifetime, we can finally say we’re going to be parents! We’re so excited to share this magical journey with you all, the ups, the downs everything in between ‘Welcome to the world little one.’ Nicola had previously enthused ‘all the ups and downs were worth it in the end’ and speaking about their unborn son, model Ella previously explained to Hello! that she was feeling his kicks from just a few weeks into her pregnancy journey. ‘I think it’s safe to say the baby is a fighter,’ she continued. ‘It’s definitely an active baby. ‘From about 17 weeks I was feeling kicks and whenever we went for a scan, I don’t even know what it was doing, perhaps backflips.’ She added her hopes that their journey offers positivity to others who may be in similar positions. The blogger previously suffered a miscarriage after their first round of IVF treatment, and Nicola detailed their fertility journey in Vogue magazine, sharing their previous heartache. ‘Unbeknownst to us, Ella went through her first rounds of IVF with an underactive thyroid which can dramatically impact the chances of having a healthy pregnancy,’ she wrote. ‘I was really upset. ‘Of course, we knew that there was a chance of it being unsuccessful, but it’s hard to see those two lines on a pregnancy test and feel elated before having that ripped from you just a few weeks later. ‘I was also more upset for Ella as she was the one going through the process physically. You don’t really know what to say or do – you just have to be supportive.’ MORE : Naomi Campbell says daughter was sleeping 12 hours a night at 2 months old due to ‘great baby whisperer’ MORE : Nick Jonas gives fresh update on ‘amazing’ baby daughter with Priyanka Chopra after she spent 100 days in NICU