Inspectors have shut down a food shop which had rats scurrying around, raw meat stored in the open and no antibacterial soap in sight. Sofia Begum, owner of Bangla Town Super Stores Ltd in Milfield, Sunderland, has been indefinitely banned from owning a food business. Authorities found damaged plastic containers, a butchers’ bandsaw with no guard on it, and no evidence of any cleaning being carried out. Begum was previously prosecuted in 2019 for three food and safety related offences after inspectors found rats and other insanitary conditions. Similar problems, including poor food storage and rodents, were revealed by council environmental health officers in March 2021. Appearing at South Tyneside Magistrates Court last week, Begum, from Sunderland, admitted three counts of failing to comply with the Food Safety and Hygiene (England) Regulations of 2013. She was ordered to pay fines and costs of £1,637.72p and was given an indefinite ban on owning a food business, which she can’t challenge for at least 10 years. Begum said she was very sorry for what had happened and said she had nothing to do with the business because she had effectively been ‘forced’ to become the owner. Sunderland City Council deputy leader and cabinet member for the environment, Councillor Claire Rowntree, said: ‘This prohibition order shows that food businesses must follow the law and protect customers and their staff. ‘The management of this business in its handling, storing and general work practices in food safety and hygiene was simply not good enough. ‘We work closely with hundreds of businesses across the city as we inspect and offer them advice. ‘It is simply unacceptable for food premises to neglect and fail to protect the health and welfare of their customers. ‘All businesses that work with food must have strict handling, preparation and all-round hygiene standards. ‘The council is prepared to take court action where businesses and owners consistently fail to protect the public.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.