It seems no aspects of our lives are safe from the cost of living crisis. New research from Stowe Family Law shows that 90% of those surveyed feel affected and concerned by the current state of affairs. As a result, lawyers anticipate a surge in divorce enquiries as couples struggle with this added pressure on relationships. Of those polled, 55% said their relationships are already ‘on the rocks’ as a direct result of the cost of living crisis. The law firm often encounter financial woes as a leading factor in a relationship breaking down – and the current climate is only going to worsen that, especially in the summer months in which families with children may face higher outgoings. Concerns over ‘not enough money coming in’ and ‘not enough money to pay the bills’ are placing extra strain, while 20% of couples disagree over how to spend their earnings. Almost 70% of couples fear their relationship won’t survive the financial crisis. On the flip side, 25% of those polled admitted they are staying in their current relationship as they fear not being able to afford life on their own. Worryingly, as some couples feel forced to stay together because they can’t afford to go their separate ways, the law firm says the likelihood of domestic abuse becomes much higher. Some relationships will have a fighting chance at surviving the crisis – especially if extra work to connect emotionally is put in. That said, this doesn’t apply to any abusive situations. Noor Mubarak, a psychological wellbeing practitioner for Private Therapy Clinic says: ‘If you’re facing conflict around money in your relationship, it’s important to remind yourselves that you’re on the same team. ‘Have conversations to make sure you’re both aware of the financial goals you’re working towards – perhaps you’re saving for a first home or need to cut back on spending to clear some debt. ‘Keeping the discussion around what you hope to achieve financially and the steps you could take to achieve that, rather than about what your partner has or hasn’t been doing to get in the way of those goals, can help to keep it productive rather than tense.’ Sometimes you’re going to disagree, no matter how well intentioned each party approaches the conversation. Noor adds: ‘If the conversation does become tense, allow some space and time, and then try to reconnect. ‘Take it in turns to come up with a free weekly date idea, or a free activity for the family. ‘Keeping up with quality time is a great way to make this period of budgeting more manageable – and you may even find you want to keep the tradition going.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Got a sex and relationship problem that needs solving? Email us to get expert advice MORE : Tips for dealing with financial uncertainty if you’re in a relationship MORE : From coffee to pet bills, everyday life hacks that will save you money