Where there’s a beach, there are bikinis. But tourists visiting the beaches of Sorrento, Italy will be in for a shock this summer. Town chiefs are implementing a £450 (500 euro) penalty for those caught in their Speedos or bikinis on the coastal town’s streets. People who are spotted wearing their swimwear away from the beachfront could be stopped by police. Mayor of Sorrento Massimo Coppola has banned the act to stop what he says is  ‘widespread indecorous behaviour’. He claimed scantily clad tourists were causing ‘discomfort’ among locals, reports The Times. Mr Coppola says ‘widespread indecorous behaviour’ is ‘seen by the majority of people as contrary to decorum and to the decency that characterises civilised cohabitation’. He added: ‘The continuation of this situation, as well as causing discomfort and unease in the resident population and among visitors, could lead to a negative judgment on the quality of life in our town, with consequences for its image and for tourism.’ Thousands of tourists talk to the town each summer, with this year’s intake the first to face the so-called ‘bikini ban.’ Sorrento’s picturesque setting on the Amalfi Coast make it popular with influencers and the young generation keen to get the perfect Instagram picture. Police will patrol through the streets of the town to enforce the ban. Sorrento is not the first holiday spot to crack down on the clothing of tourists. Bikini-clad women and uncovered male torsos were outlawed on the streets of Barcelona more than a decade ago. Local officials passed a law banning what they described as ‘near nudity’ in the city centre, with anyone ignoring the regulations risking a fine. Lawmakers and tourism bosses had been worried Barcelona’s image was being damaged by the number of people walking straight off the sand and into residential and historic areas without bothering to adjust their dress. The Ligurian resort of Rapallo has also recently put a ban on ‘skimpy’ outfits away from the beach. Tourists in Spain will also face a new law this year, with a ban on peeing in the ocean. Anyone caught taking a leak in the sea in Vigo, in the northern Galicia region, faces being fined a hefty £645. Authorities passed the legislation that bans ‘physiological evacuation on the beach or in the sea’ last month. A similar ban was also carried out in the southeastern resort of San Pedro del Pinatar in 2017, along with nudity, playing bat and ball and reserving spots on the beach with a towel. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.