Damian Lewis and singer Alison Mosshart have been pictured together at several events in the past two weeks, 14 months on from the death of the actor’s wife Helen McCrory, with Alison’s mum sharing her excitement over their new relationship. The Homeland and Billions star was most recently photographed with US rocker Alison at private members’ club The House of KOKO’s summer party on Wednesday. The pair posed with their heads together and arms around one another, with Damian, 51, understated in black and holding a glass in his hand while 43-year-old Alison smiled for the camera in a fetching star-print blouse. Joined by the likes of Elie Goulding, Dionne Bromfield and Alison’s bandmate Jamie Hince of The Kills, guests reportedly danced along to an impromptu jam from artists throughout the night. Alison and Damian’s latest appearance together came after the musician’s mother gave the flourishing couple her seal of approval. It appears they met through mutual friends in London and Alison’s 76-year-old mum Vivian revealed that she was ‘excited for her’. Florida native Vivian told DailyMail.com: ‘I don’t know how much flak I’m going to get for all of this but of course we are excited for her. ‘They have mutual friends. I don’t know exactly how they met but I’m fine with it. If she’s happy, we are happy. I’m yet to meet him but certainly I’d like to.’ Damian and Alison have certainly been doing the social rounds, after they were first pictured together at the National Gallery’s swanky summer party in late June, as well as the Serpentine Summer Evening event shortly after. They also both attended the British Formula One Grand Prix at Silverstone at the weekend, being snapped chatting separately with members of the Red Bull Racing team. Their budding romance comes just over a year since Damian lost his wife of 14 years, Helen McCrory, to breast cancer. McCrory, who kept her diagnosis private and was best known for her work as Narcissa Malfoy in the Harry Potter films and Aunt Polly on hit TV series Peaky Blinders, was 52 when she died. Writing a moving tribute to his late wife shortly after her death, Damian revealed that she had ‘encouraged’ him and their children Manon and Gulliver, now 14 and 15, ‘to live fully, take opportunities, have adventures’. He continued: ‘Only a couple of weeks ago she said to us from her bed, “I want Daddy to have girlfriends, lots of them, you must all love again, love isn’t possessive, but you know, Damian, try at least to get though the funeral without snogging someone.”’ The actor also shared that he had been ‘staggered’ by her, adding: ‘She’s been a meteor in our life.’ Alison’s work with The Kills brought her into UK celebrity circles, courtesy of the likes of bandmate Jamie’s ex-girlfriend Kate Moss. Her chef brother Matthew, 38, also previously dated Kelly Osbourne. Metro.co.uk contacted reps for Damian Lewis and Alison Mosshart for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Elliot Page backed by fans to replace Ezra Miller as The Flash MORE : Inside Brad Pitt’s years-long struggle with face blindness, a condition that nobody believes he has 