Cameron Norrie admits he is shocked to be in the last eight at Wimbledon and has called for the fans in London to get behind him even more as he is the last Brit standing. The 26-year-old comfortably saw off American Tommy Paul 6-4, 7-5, 6-4 on Sunday afternoon in his first ever Grand Slam fourth round match. He will not take on David Goffin in the quarter-finals as he continues to sail in unchartered waters in SW19. Heather Watson’s fourth round exit to Jule Niemeier earlier in the day means he is the only one flying the flag for Britain in the last eight. He admits that his ongoing success is ‘shocking’ but is loving every second of it and wants an even rowdier atmosphere at Wimbledon when he takes on the Belgian in the last eight on Tuesday. ‘It’s shocking for me – to make my quarters for the first time and have my family here it’s so special,’ he said. ‘A huge match for me and for both of us and to play the way I did today and execute everything, I obviously really enjoyed it. It’s pretty crazy – a lot of feelings at the moment but I enjoyed it. ‘I’m the last one [Brit] left so why not get behind me even more now? I think from the first round everyone has been behind me and supporting me and it’s showed in tough moments in the matches – especially serving for the match there – there were a lot of things going round my head but I managed to stay calm and do it. It was great you guys helped me through it.’ Norrie had only been to the third round once in four previous trips to Wimbledon and he believes he is a far better player now than when he has struggled there in the past. ‘I think if you watched me in 2017 at Wimbledon I was not very patient, I wanted it all to happen very quickly and I got chopped up in an hour and 10 minutes in the first round to [Jo-Wilfried] Tsonga,’ he said. ‘I’ve improved a lot and matured on the court and kept progressing with my team and stayed patient with myself and embraced the grass surface – it’s probably not my favourite surface but this gives me a lot of confidence. [I’ve] definitely improved mentally over the years and I’m way more mature as a player and I think it shows.’ MORE : Roger Federer hopeful of Wimbledon return as he leads Centre Court celebrations MORE : Nick Kyrgios beats Stefanos Tsitsipas in controversial four-set thriller at Wimbledon For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 