Surveillance footage shows the Parkland school shooter Nikolas Cruz walking into a McDonald’s and sitting down with the brother of a girl he had gunned down minutes earlier in one of the deadliest school shootings in US history. The eerie footage was shown on the fourth day of Cruz’s sentencing trial, giving jurors an glimpse into what the gunman did in the moments after carrying out the mass shooting. On February 14, 2018, Cruz shot and killed 17 students and staff at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, and wounded over a dozen others. Cruz, now 23, pleaded guilty in October to 17 counts of attempted murder and 17 counts of premeditated murder. Jurors are deciding whether he will be sentenced to life in prison or receive the death penalty. Two videos were introduced Thursday during testimony from Subway employee Carlos Rugeles. The first shows Cruz walking into a Subway sandwich shop wearing a New York Police Department hat and maroon Stoneman Douglas ROTC shirt, ordering an Icee and leaving. Rugeles testified he had no idea he was serving the man who had just carried out the massacre. The second video clip showed Cruz walking into a McDonald’s near the school, where he sat down with another student, John Wilford. ‘Everyone was kind of panicked, not knowing what was going on,’ Wilford testified. ‘I was trying to get a hold of my sister and she wasn’t picking up, so I called my mother to meet her at McDonald’s.’ At the time of the encounter, Wilford didn’t know that his sister, Madeleine, had been hit by gunfire four times. He also didn’t know the teen sitting across from him had carried out the massacre. ‘I figured he was from school because of the JROTC uniform he was wearing,’ Wilford said. ‘I was just telling him, “this is so chaotic, what do you think this could be?” He didn’t respond much, had his head down. I did most of the talking.’ Wilford described how he was in class when the fire alarm went off, prompting his class to evacuate the building. As they got outside and police arrived, they told students to leave the area. He testified that he walked away from the school with a friend and headed to a nearby McDonald’s, where he planned to be picked up by his mother. When his mother arrived, Cruz asked him for a ride. ‘He was pretty insistent about it. I couldn’t reach my sister and had a bad gut feeling about it,’ Wilford said. ‘I normally would offer people a ride but not this time. Then I saw him walking along the road later.’ His sister, Madeleine, survived the shooting but had been in grave condition at the time her brother encountered the gunman. She told the court Thursday she was ‘shot four times in my right arm, my right lung, some of my ribs on my right side and I had surgery on the right side of my abdomen.’ She still suffers from the physical trauma from the shooting, she told the court, noting she often has breathing difficulties due to the injuries she sustained in the attack. Soon after leaving the McDonald’s, Cruz was arrested by police while walking along the side of the road. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.