Sex work is haunted by myths. These myths add to the stereotyping, discrimination and abuse that workers face. One of the biggest misconceptions around sex work is that it’s an industry made up only by women, who are being exploited by men who they allow to treat them as objects. News flash: sex work is real work, and the people who choose to do it are professionals doing a job. In TV and film, sex workers are frequently reduced to victims or villains – often given tragic storylines or kept as background characters without much humanity. Good Luck to You, Leo Grande tries to offer something different, by portraying an intimate relationship between sex worker Leo Grande (Daryl McCormack) and retired religious school teacher, Nancy Stokes (Dame Emma Thompson). Nancy reveals that she never had an orgasm with her late husband, and has hired Leo in the hope that he can help her get over the edge. Sex work is way broader than escorting. While it can be people paying for sex like Nancy, it can also be people making explicit content on OnlyFans, big-name porn stars and cam girls, among other things. Tommie McDonald is part of this world of producing pornographic content. He makes homemade content for a private website, aimed mostly at straight men. He’s also the host of LustCast, a sex and relationships podcast for men. We spoke to him to get the lowdown on his time in the adult industry. What are two of the biggest myths facing male sex work? How did you become a porn producer? ‘It was quite strange actually. I was working in the media, as an editor. I was used to making websites and launching magazines anyway, and I realised that making a website for porn was the same thing, really, just a different type of content. ‘At the time, the cost of making movies, filming equipment, editing, and launching websites was cheap and no one else was really doing it. I cobbled together a website quickly and my friend and I decided to start making our own homemade sex tapes. ‘It was just meant to be a side business. I was living in London and even if you have a good job you can’t buy an apartment or anything. It took off so much it became a real business with employees, an office and everything. ‘I felt like it matched my skills. I didn’t really care about the sex, I was mostly driven by money. I watched [the film] Boogie Nights and thought the porn industry was filled with money. It’s not really, it’s a small industry.’ What was it like making your first film? ‘I was so nervous that the camera was probably shaking while I filmed. It was me and my friend and we weren’t sexually attracted to each other. We just thought this was a good idea and both wanted to do it. ‘If you’re good friends with someone it can have that brother and sister vibe so we had to just fake it on camera, but that was quite funny. I have good memories of doing something that felt so outlandish; filming sex and putting it on the internet. ‘It was easier because it was just me, the girl and the camera. There weren’t loads of people watching like there is on a big shoot. ‘We were just making it up as we went along and doing what felt right. We didn’t know the shortcuts and techniques to make things easier and more professional. ‘I also didn’t really know how to use a camera, so I’m sure I was filming the floor because I was looking with my eyes rather than the camera screen.’ What is it like having sex for work? ‘It is really complicated. You’re getting paid to have orgasms. It’s awesome. But also, it is a very small industry, and everyone knows each other. ‘If I’m really close with somebody, I found that I can’t have sex with them on camera. It’s too awkward when you know them intimately. ‘It’s really good when you just know them as a colleague – it’s professional but fun and you’re not going to fall in love with them. ‘It’s better than masturbating but worse than “real” sex. There’s a lack of intimacy because the camera puts a barrier between you. ‘It can feel like a chore, especially if you are doing the same type of video just with different people. But sometimes you stop to think “oh my god, I am being paid to have sex, most people would dream of this”.’ Have you ever felt awkward having sex on camera? ‘So many times. There’s no getting away from it. I’m quite a nerdy guy and have always been socially awkward. Doing porn doesn’t change you, so I still get embarrassed easily and giggle when I see a rude word. ‘Like every job, not everyone is professional. Some people make it easy for you and some people make it very difficult. They won’t be shy about saying they don’t like you, which can be quite funny and bizarre. ‘I’ve had models turn up with bad body odour. Asking someone to take a second shower before filming… that’s an awkward thing to say. ‘Since you’ve paid for the location, a photographer, makeup artist and the model’s fee for the day, you just have to grin and bear it and try to make a good show. ‘I don’t do anything that pushes me outside of my comfort zone, though. I don’t believe in doing something just for the money. ‘Some of my friends have had to wear ridiculous clothes and they felt like plonkers. Porn can be weird sometimes.’ Are you enjoying yourself? ‘It depends on the person. If you’re only acting it’s easier because you’re not holding a camera or thinking too much about what has to happen. ‘It depends on the director too. Some will let you be in the moment and try not to interrupt. ‘I try to capture realistic sex. I make homemade porn so I’m trying to create a fun atmosphere. Even if we are not into each other we can still find enjoyment in pleasing each other. ‘If the day is long or you’re having sex on awkward, uncomfortable furniture for instance, maybe it isn’t so fun. But there’s a sense of satisfaction, and achievement, like “hey we did a good job”. ‘I like to do something nice afterwards, like go for dinner. ‘It’s like being in a secret club where you all understand each other. ‘With homemade porn, I’d say the enjoyment is real.’ Do you find it difficult to maintain an erection on camera? ‘No, because it’s homemade there’s only me and the models. Honestly, I’m not sure I could get hard on a “real” porn set where there is a sound guy, more than one camera, the director, makeup artists, and assistants loitering. ‘It would feel a bit like being on stage. ‘If people are watching there’s a lot of pressure, like “okay, you need to get hard now and do the scene”. Most people can’t even get horny in those situations. Normally you have sex when the mood takes you. ‘You’re not waking up at 6am, doing makeup with loads of people around, no romantic atmosphere, no conversation, no foreplay, you’re just expected to be hard and get started. That’s a really difficult thing to do. ‘There are some legends who are really good at the job and don’t have to inject at all, but the majority of guys cheat. ‘In the past, it was very hard to find men that could do the job. So the ones that could would get booked for the most scenes. ‘These days, they’re injecting their penis’ with drugs to fake an erection. ‘The drug is designed for people who, for instance, break their backs and can’t get an erection or even feel anything down there and it guarantees an erection for around two hours. ‘It is very dangerous. Men are doing damage to their penis, chasing this dream of being a porn star. It’s all fake, really.’ How do you get yourself and the partner you’re working with ready to go? ‘It’s all about creating chemistry. Even if there isn’t sexual attraction you can create a warm friendship. I always do the other jobs first, such as interviewing, acting, photos, social media or comedy, before the porn starts. ‘Sometimes we might share some food or talk to build rapport. The thing you learn in porn is there isn’t any secret to having good sex, it is just all about having good communication. ‘So, saying to each other “I really like this, this and this, I don’t like this, this and this”. Usually, there’s plenty that you both enjoy so you just focus on those things. ‘Some people are just dicks, but you just have to focus on doing a good job yourself. The video won’t win any awards but you just get through it.’ How much money do you make? How much do porn producers in general make? ‘In general, porn producers don’t make that much. ‘The big production companies would give you a budget for a porn scene, say ​​€3,000 (£2,581), and you have to book the location, pay everybody and send them the footage. Whatever is left you keep. ‘A producer probably makes around €600 (£516) from a €3,000 (£2,581) scene. They may cut a few corners to make more, say by using their own apartment, or trying to negotiate models down. ‘The bigger the budget, the more revered you are as a producer. The maximum budget I would say is about €20,000 (£17,206), only about two companies in Europe have that kind of budget. ‘The other type of producer is an independent producer, like me. My old site made about £30,000 a month. I know one independent porn producer whose site really took off and he was making around £100,000 a month easily. ‘These days with OnlyFans, most money flows to models rather than producers.’ What impact has OnlyFans had on homemade porn? ‘It has had a huge impact. I was doing homemade porn before OnlyFans existed, so I didn’t have any competition. Now there must be a million people selling homemade porn, so I’m finding my porn doesn’t stand out so much and is harder to sell. ‘I’ve had to change the way I make porn, so it is maybe better quality than you usually get [with homemade porn]. If you have good quality audio and visuals you’ll be rewarded for that. People are choosing the OnlyFans models and independent producers that make better quality stuff. ‘So many OnlyFans models give away their content for a very low subscription price, that it has conditioned users to pay a lower fee. So, I used to sell my porn for $25 (£20.62) and now I’m selling it for $15 (£12.37). ‘On the plus side, more people are prepared to pay for porn [due to OnlyFans]. I used to make a lot of money from advertising on free porn but now I sell to more people and it’s easy to get those sales once you get traffic.’ Is it hard to have a relationship as a sex worker? ‘Yes and no. I’ve definitely used it as an excuse (to not have a relationship) in the past, but it’s not an excuse really. ‘You can have open relationships, and if you communicate well and make people understand it is just a job, a lot of people will be understanding. ‘It might take some time but if they love you there shouldn’t be a problem. ‘It’s a shortcut to finding a relationship is anything, because it pushes the time wasters away quite quickly.’ How do people react when you tell them you are a porn producer? ‘Firstly, I’m not the centre of attention, I’m more of a prop for the model. I make porn for straight men and they want to watch the girl having sex, not me having sex with the girl. ‘Most people just find it interesting and are curious to learn about a different way of living. Men generally get very excited and ask me lots of sordid questions and want to live vicariously through me. ‘People get nervous thinking im trying to recruit them, but they also like to be told I would work for them if they were interesting. People like the validation that they are pretty enough to be a pornstar. ‘I also don’t want to have vulgar, sexual conversations all the time so I usually just mention it then talk about things im really interested in. ‘On social media, I do speak out now. For a long time I was more behind-the-scenes but these days, with my podcast, I am trying to be more public.’ Is porn a good career choice? ‘I think so. It’s such a cool lifestyle and a really good bunch of people. ‘If you like attention, sex, and you like being provocative and creative, then why not. You need to be a people person because it’s hard to blow up doing it alone. ‘It’s a welcoming industry but also very brutal. A lot of people don’t make much money, the money tends to go to the people at the top. ‘If it works for you, the rewards are enormous. Most people are going to struggle for the first six months to a year, while they figure things out. It’s about getting through that and learning how to do it. ‘So long as you don’t regret it. I’ve never regretted it but I don’t care what people think of me, so that helps.’ And a bonus question: what’s next for you? ‘At the minute I am doing my podcast. One thing I’ve learnt since going into porn: I knew sex education was bad because of my own sex education, but it is just shockingly bad. ‘I am just trying to do my bit to provide better sex education to people for free. ‘I’m passionate about that, about helping young men so they don’t have to learn through experience like I did. ‘We could all have much more satisfying sex and relationships and healthier sex lives if sex education was better.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five people share their stories of having sex on a plane – the good, the bad, and the awkward MORE : Olivia Attwood makes cameo appearance in porn film for new ITV OnlyFans documentary MORE : Love Island star Olivia Attwood to host new series on OnlyFans and internet porn as she’s dubbed ‘the new Stacey Dooley’