Frizzy hair, sunburn, melting makeup: the summer months aren’t exactly kind to us beauty-wise. We’ve been on the hunt to find the must-have products to help see you through this heatwave – all the way through until September. From a bumper bottle of sunblock to a trendy cardie for when the weather inevitably gets cooler again, we’ve got you covered. Read on below for our fashion and beauty summer favourites. With the cost of living crisis and our concerns about the effects of our shopping habits on the environment, it makes sense to think about pre-loved clothes. Barnardo’s Fashion For All campaign emphasises the charity shop’s commitment to good quality threads no matter your age, sexual orientation, gender or budget. Check it out via the Barnardos website. Sunscreen in a 500ml pump pack is just what we need this scorching summer, and Ultra Violette is bringing just that with its Bod Brigade. This ‘next gen SPF’ is silky and lightweight despite being a 50+ and is packed with skin-loving ingredients including antioxidants. Throw in four hours of water resistance and 72 hours of hydration, and you’ve got a recipe for good skin. Buy for £50 from Cult Beauty. Victoria Beckham’s added more colours to her Cheeky Posh buildable creamy cheek colour. With a soft, velvety texture, the products are infused with clean botanical actives and plant-based esters (rather than silicone) to provide water-resistant wear and a smooth, perfected finish. We love Fever, a vibrant poppy channelling the ‘adrenaline flush you get from dancing all night’. Buy for £36 from Victoria Beckham Beauty. The new blemish control range from CeraVe ‘breaks the blemish cycle without disrupting the skin barrier’. Unlike many other acne or spot-prone products, this range is not drying, meaning skin doesn’t get sensitive and liable to break out. We love the alcohol-free Blemish Control gel-to-foam cleanser (£10.50) and the Blemish Control Gel (£12.50). Check out the collection on the CeraVe website. Summer is the perfect time to give statement pieces a go and this bold Lyle & Scott striped cardigan (which comes in red or blue) has a fun preppy vibe. Perfect for throwing on for cooler evenings and layering up come autumn. Buy for £54 from Lyle & Scott. Sure, we love the warm days and sitting out of an evening, but for many of us summer brings bad hair: frizz, wispy flyaways and spiky split ends. Enter Happy Endings Nourishing Balm, which is billed as the ‘ultimate one-pump multitasker’ by hair stylist Sam McKnight. Enjoy the benefits of all-day softness and control. Buy for £28 from Liberty. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘The best I have ever used’: Why beauty fans are loving this primer-like sunscreen MORE : Citrus printed fashion pieces for summer dressing with a twist MORE : Ariana Grande’s r.e.m. beauty to launch at Selfridges next month