I love cashback sites, but one frustration is that it can often take months for the money you earn to reach your account. Usually it’s three or four months, but in extreme cases it could be a year. This makes it likely you’ll forget and in turn not even realise when it arrives. I checked my TopCashback account last week, finding close to £100 had just been paid, while a similar amount was sitting in my Quidco account. That was fantastic but also I’m glad I spotted it when I did. For a start, money in the account isn’t earning interest. Though rates in savings accounts are well below the latest inflation rates, it pays to get the highest paying interest you can. I transferred it out to my current account and then into savings. But the big risk of leaving money or credit in an account like this is it isn’t protected. If the business holding the cash was to go bust, you will lose the money. I’m not suggesting this will happen with the mentioned sites, but I’ve seen it happen to smaller competitors. And this isn’t restricted to cashback sites. I was caught out last month. I’d received some referral credit to craft beer website Honest Brew. Usually I’d have spent it quickly, but in a bid to drink less, I left it sitting there. The plan was to cash it in when existing supplies were drunk and combine it with a special offer. But then the company went into administration and the money was lost. To avoid this, hunt down money that’s at risk. Anything held in a website, account, scheme or card that isn’t a bank covered by the Financial Services Compensation Scheme protection could go this way. So, where to look? Christmas savings stamps, gift cards, prepaid cards, loyalty schemes and online credit – some might have restrictions on when you can use them. Also, check old bills, such as broadband or mobile, where you’ve built up credit but didn’t get a refund when you switched. Request that money is paid to you. And see if you’ve forgotten bank accounts and finance apps with smaller balances. Though these current and savings accounts will likely be protected, you could move the money to get a better rate, or just spend it. Andy Webb is an award-winning blogger and podcaster from Be Clever With Your Cash. Follow Andy on Twitter, YouTube and Instagram via @andyclevercash If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Making money make sense: How this week’s financial news affects you MORE : Woman shares binder cash stuffing budget hack that could help stop you overspending MORE : Woman shares ‘life-changing’ hack for saving money on petrol