The Covid-19 pandemic undoubtably altered the way we live our lives, with periods of lockdown forcing us to adapt how we carried out everyday tasks. Everything from our work habits to our social lives changed, with remote working part of the much-quoted ‘new normal’ and Zoom quizzes replacing a night down the pub. Sales of jigsaws soared and with Generation X and Millennials discovering the joys of grow-your-own councils all over the country faced an unprecedented demand for allotment plots. Many enjoyed the quiet life imposed upon us, resolving to hold on to the simple pleasures lockdown brought into our lives once the world opened up. We promised to prioritise spending time with our loved ones and let go of the daily grind for good but, 16 months on from the last lockdown, it seems we’re busier than ever. Where did we all go wrong? My own lockdown plans fell by the wayside, something the Facebook memories function recently reminded me of. I’d made a list of things I wanted to do once I was able to leave the house, boldly sharing it with my friends in a bid to hold myself accountable. ‘Visit Scandinavia’ was top of the list, closely followed by ‘Write in coffee shops’. ‘Make my allotment beautiful’ and ‘Get a dog’ also featured. We did welcome our rogue of a dachshund-x-poodle into the family last summer, but the others? Let’s just say I’ve not made it to Norway yet and this year’s growing season hasn’t produced a bumper crop. Sam from Sheffield enjoyed being able to spend quality time with her partner and two young children during the first lockdown. ‘We decided we’d make sure we had one full weekend a month at home,’ Sam tells Metro.co.uk. ‘We regularly visit friends and family in London, Leicester, and Durham so before the pandemic we spent a lot of time travelling. It was an effort to pack for the four of us, travel to wherever we were going, set up travel cots and blackout blinds and do it all in reverse the next day. ‘During lockdown we vowed to prioritise more downtime – not necessarily doing nothing, but at least being based at home.’ How is that working out? ‘By the middle of September, we’ll have had a run of thirteen weekends travelling around to relatives and friends,’ Sam admits. ‘We’d still like to spend time at home, but now we’re able to travel again it feels too hard to say no, especially when it’s birthdays or family get togethers that can’t simply be arranged for another day.’ Sam isn’t alone in returning to her busy pre-Covid lifestyle but, as Oxford-based psychologist Lilly Sabir explains, there may be more to it than a sense of duty. ‘Although we enjoyed the lockdown at first, the extended loss of human interaction is having a long-term impact on some of the population,’ Lilly notes. ‘Some are making the most of engaging again. Others are now experiencing the fear of missing out phenomena because of the Covid years they can’t recover.” Lockdown also made Claire, who lives on the edge of the Peak District, reassess. ‘During lockdown, my partner and I came to realise just how much we enjoyed each other’s company,’ she shares. ‘It brought us closer; no choir, no gym, just lovely dog walks and having time to listen to music and try out new instruments. He even bought me a melodeum. ‘We’d both previously resisted getting married, especially as we both have grown up children from previous relationships, but during lockdown it seemed to make sense. ‘We planned to return to Ireland to get married, as that was where we met. We wanted to tie the knot on the 20th anniversary of us getting together.’ As the landmark date edged closer, the couple were no further on with the arrangements. ‘Then our friend in Ireland died, and the list of people we lost grew over the course of the pandemic,’ Claire shares. ‘We are still grieving, so postponed the wedding. It didn’t feel right to celebrate.’ Throughout the pandemic, many of us made promises to change our personal circumstances. ‘We noticed middle-aged adults in particular shifted their focus from working goals to social goals,’ says Lilly. ‘Psychologists refer to “regret theory”, where those who haven’t achieved their goals or made the memories they’d hoped push to do something about it – and this is prevalent in middle-age where people feel they have time to make the change. Could this have contributed to why Claire and her partner considered getting married when they’d previously dismissed the idea? Maybe. ‘Both singletons and those in partnerships had more time to reflect on their relationships because of Covid,’ says Lilly. ‘People wanted to strengthen connections.’ The issue with lofty lockdown induced goals is that all too often, they weren’t realistic – especially in the context of returning to ‘normal’ levels of busyness. You can look to New Year’s resolutions – and their frequent failure – to explain why these kind of major life changes are so hard. ‘Ultimately, resolutions are about change, more specifically, behaviour change,’ Taslim Tharani, a psychologist, coach, and the founder of Thriving Together, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘What we know from decades of psychological research is that behaviour change is actually incredibly hard and before we know it, we are back to our default and habitual ways of being. ‘There are a lot of psychological reasons why behaviour change is so challenging and therefore why we struggle to stick to New Year’s resolutions… The takeaway? Don’t be too hard on yourself if you’ve not yet realised your lockdown resolutions. Maybe you’ve put them on hold or decided they’re not what you want after all; and it isn’t too late to facilitate change in our lives, should we wish to. In fact, giving ourselves time to reflect rather than making rash decisions may be the healthier choice. ‘A sense of caution should be used when rushing to attain goals, especially because of the pandemic we have just experienced,’ states Sabir. ‘Effective goal planning and achieving individual goals should occur around life developments and as part of our life span development, which are much longer-term processes.’ Phew. The dream of being a coffee-shop writer isn’t over just yet. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 10 minutes of listening to birdsong could be the ultimate stress relief – here’s why MORE : Why it’s time to let go of rigid life plans – and how to do it comfortably MORE : How to live in the present moment