It’s July 4 – AKA American Independence Day – and if you’re looking to get in the spirit of things, what better way than by whipping up some US favourites in the kitchen? Perhaps you want to cook some classic hot dogs or burgers on the BBQ today, but if you feel like pushing the boat out, we have something that might tickle your fancy. Grilled Buffalo hot wings are always a crowd-pleaser and the team at Thermapen have offered up a recipe to try. If you’re cooking with chicken, a thermometer can be a great instrument to take the stress out of preparing it. Thermapen say chicken is cooked at 74°C, but can sometimes look a little pink around the bone. It can also be taken up to 81 – 90°C and will still be tender to eat. The below recipe serves four and is great for July 4 as well as the rest of BBQ season. For the blue cheese sauce: 1. Start by breaking the wings down into drums and flats, the flat is the piece with 2 bones in it. 2. Slice the wings through the wing joint using a sharp knife. Start by cutting the meat to reveal the joint and then carefully slice through the joint using the base of the knife. 3. Save the tips of the wings for stocks and sauces, there isn’t much meat on them so there is no point in grilling them. 4. Liberally toss the prepped wings in your BBQ rub and leave to sit for at least 30 mins, this allows the rubs to penetrate the meat. The salt in the rub will help dry the skin out, helping to get the crispy skin of dreams. 5. While your wings are resting in the rub, light your BBQ. 6. When your BBQ is hot, place your wings on the BBQ starting around the edge circling in, this is fairly quick cook so don’t go too far – then patiently wait. 7. After a couple of minutes, turn your wings over, try not to move them around too much as you won’t get crispy skin if you keep fiddling. 8. Once the chicken is crispy all over its time to grab your thermometer and start temperature checking. Some wings will cook quicker than others so make sure to temp check as many as possible, pulling done ones off when ready. 9. When all your wings are cooked and the skin is super crispy, toss them in your Buffalo sauce. 10. To make the blue cheese sauce, blend all of the ingredients together. 11. Serve with celery sticks and blue cheese sauce. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Kid-friendly recipes: How to make tasty banana and peanut butter puff wheels with leftover puff pastry MORE : Paul Hollywood’s classic dessert recipes: Lime macarons, classic scones and chocolate brownies MORE : New potato season is in full swing – here are three recipes to try