BBC News At 10 anchor Huw Edwards gave the perfect response to former Labour MP Lord Ian Austin, who complained the broadcaster was ‘slightly overdoing it’ with weather reports. If you’re somehow not aware, it’s currently very warm outside. Last night was the UK’s hottest night on record, according to provisional Met Office figures, and today is set to get up to a sweltering 40°C degrees for the first time ever. This has meant broadcasters such as the BBC are heavily reporting on the impacts of the intense heat, which the nation is very much not used to seeing. However, not all viewers have been appreciating the constant weather updates. Former Labour MP Lord Austin wrote last night: ‘The @BBCNews at 10 is slightly overdoing the weather. ‘The first 23 minutes have been devoted to the heat, before we got on to the trivial and unimportant issue of who might end up running the country!’ But presenter Huw wasn’t having it, reminding the House of Lords peer there is still seven weeks to go until the leadership contest’s conclusion. He told him: ‘Oh give it a rest. They’re still on 4 candidates and we’re 7 weeks from a result. ‘Meanwhile viewers are telling us they’re FAR more exercised by climate change and the weather extremes. Go figure. @BBCNews.’ Viewers were loving Huw’s sassy response, with one replying: ‘Agreed. The weather is THE news today.’ ‘This man used to apologise for getting caught eating croissants on live, and he is now all out of f**ks. A hero for our times,’ another wrote. ‘”Oh give it a rest”. Leave it to the unfailingly respectful Huw Edwards to lace his tweets with his unique brand of civility,’ added a fan. Someone else noted: ‘Huw taking no nonsense from the dont-talk-about-the-heat-it-isnt-a-big-deal brigade.’ Lord Austin quickly defended his comment, responding: ‘Steady on. I didn’t say it wasn’t a big story or that it shouldn’t lead the news. And I didn’t question whether climate change is a serious issue. I just gently wondered whether devoting 23 minutes of a bulletin that lasts less than half an hour might be “slightly overdoing it”. ‘What’s interesting about this, though, is how the BBC (an institution I have defended countless times in Parliament) responds to even the slightest criticism or question.’ But Huw was having none of it, hitting back: “Gently wondered” eh? Well now if “before we got on to the trivial and unimportant issue of who might end up running the country!” is gently wondering, I begin to wonder how you might deploy patronising sarcasm. My Lord.’ Lord Austin was the Member of Parliament for Dudley North from the 2005 general election until the 2019 general election when he stood down, and is now a life peer in the House of Lords. As the heat continues, travel chaos is expected on the transport network today after the sweltering heat suspended flights at two airports, because their runways had apparently ‘melted’. Forecasters are urging people to stay in the shade during the hottest hours – 11am to 4pm – and to drink plenty of water throughout the day. BBC News At 10 airs daily at 10pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vicky Pattison fights back tears while discussing relationship with alcohol on The One Show: ‘I’ve had my demons’ MORE : Jon Kay sprayed with bird poo live on BBC Breakfast: ‘I’ve just been splatted by a pigeon!’ 