Love Island fans have called out Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu’s ‘physic’ powers after a cryptic comment about Jacques O’Neill’s future in the villa before later quitting. Over the past few days, viewers have watched the islanders cope with the aftermath of a pretty dramatic Casa Amor recoupling. While both Paige and Jacques returned to the villa single, bombshell Cheyenne Kerr revealed she’d shared a connection with the rugby star, leaving his other half reeling. In the days to follow, it looked as though they were patching things up, until Jacques made the shocking decision to leave the programme. But some viewers have noted that fellow islander Ekin-Su suggested his time on the isle of Majorca could be up days ago. After the (re)arrival of previous contestant Adam Collard, Ekin-Su noticed a connection with Paige was brewing. As she watched the pair chat, she said to Tasha Ghouri and Gemma Owen: ‘Jacques is out of the window… and delete.’ Of course, he did actually decide his time in the villa was up last night, leading many fans to joke about Ekin-Su’s ‘psychic skills.’ One wrote on Twitter: ‘Well, it’s official. Ekin Su really is psychic. Queen!’ ‘Ekin-Su must be a producer cause how does she always get it right  #LoveIsland,’ said someone else. ‘At this point her psychic skills should be an episode for Stranger Things,’ joked a fan. ‘I’m convinced that she’s either a producer or psychic or both,’ a viewer weighed in. ‘Ekin Su was right. Man really got deleted,’ another commented. Prior to Tuesday night’s episode, a Love Island spokesperson said: ‘Jacques has made the decision to leave the Villa. ‘He will explain his reasons to the Islanders during tonight’s episode. We fully support his decision and look forward to seeing what’s next for Jacques.’ The former Castleford Tigers player told Paige he would be leaving in emotional exit scenes, before gathering his fellow islanders around the fire pit to share his decision. He told Paige he would wait for her on the outside, but will the Welsh paramedic wait for him too? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans have theory behind Gemma Owen’s reaction to Jacques O’Neill’s exit MORE : Tearful Jacques O’Neill quits villa and ‘ultimate’ bombshell Adam Collard gets his flirt on to rile the boys – Love Island episode 37 talking points 