An update has been shared on the health of Carlos Santana after the iconic musician fainted on stage, before being taken to the emergency department for medical care. On Tuesday evening, the legendary guitarist was performing at Pine Knob Music Theatre in Detroit, Michigan when he collapsed during the performance. Medical workers were photographed attending to him on stage, with it being claimed by a local news anchor that the crowd were ‘asked to pray for him’ because of a ‘serious medical issue’. In a statement published on Santana’s website, it says that the 74-year-old was ‘over-taken by heat exhaustion and dehydration’ at the time, which is why he required urgent medical attention. ‘Rock Legend Carlos Santana was over-taken by heat exhaustion and dehydration during a concert Tuesday (July 5) evening in Michigan,’ it states. ‘The guitar great was taken from his show at Pine Knob Music Theatre (formerly DTE Energy Music Theatre), an outdoor amphitheater in Clarkston, some 40 miles northwest of Detroit, Michigan.’ The message explains that the multi-Grammy Award winner was whisked to the emergency department at McLaren Clarkston ‘for observation’, and is now ‘doing well’, his manager, Michael Vrionis said. There was scheduled to be another show on Wednesday evening, which was to be held at The Pavilion at Star Lake in Burgettstown, Pennsylvania. However, that performance is being postponed for a later date, with Vrionis adding that further details will be shared through Live Nation. A video shared on Twitter by a journalist based in Detroit showed Santana seemingly waving to the audience as he was carried off stage, with his fans cheering and clapping for him in a show of support. Numerous people have been sending well-wishes to the American musician, with one fan who was in attendance tweeting: ‘Carlos Santana collapsed on stage 15 minutes ago and he’s still down… scary moment right now. Idk what I believe but I’m putting up prayers right now, maybe do the same if you feel it in your heart, this man is an absolute treasure’ ‘I read that the world’s greatest living guitarist waved to fans as he was assisted off the stage. Very best wishes and all the love to Carlos Santana tonight,’ another wrote. In December, the guitarist underwent an ‘unscheduled heart procedure’, resulting in him having to cancel several sets in Las Vegas, which were rescheduled for January and March this year. At the time, he said in a Twitter video: ‘There have been rumours flying around here and there about this and that, so I’m here to just crystalise and make it clear. ‘Last Saturday, I had an incident where I asked my wife, Cindy, to take me to the hospital ’cause I had this thing happening in my chest. So when we went there, we found out that I needed to take care of it.’ He said in the video that he was going to take ‘time off for a little bit to make sure I replenish, and I rest and I catch up with my health so that when I play for you, I will play the way I’m used to and give you 150%.’ ‘I wouldn’t show up unless I could do that,’ he added. Santana, who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1998, is regarded as being one of the greatest guitarist of all time, having been a trailblazer in the fusion of rock and roll with Latin American jazz. Rock band Santana, led by the musician, was first formed in 1966, earning multiple awards and nominations throughout the decades, including Grammys, Billboard nods and Latin Grammy Awards. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele ‘savages ex-lover in leaked unreleased track But I Want To’ MORE : Baz Luhrmann wasn’t actually a huge Elvis fan: ‘I just loved ’70s things… I was very much into David Bowie and Elton John’ 