A Boris Johnson-themed scarecrow was temporarily banned from a garden contest after it was branded a ‘political statement’. Salisbury City Council’s scarecrow competition brings together some of the most creative minds in the city. One group had decided to take inspiration from the Prime Minister for their straw-filled creation. A penalty charge notice, wine glass and crate of Bollinger champagne were all included in the final product in reference to the partygate scandal. The stuffed creation also sported a ‘Vote Leave’ badge and held a collection tin with the sticker ‘Unemployed. Wife and kids to support.’ A head of messy straw hair had been stuck above a mask of Mr Johnson’s face. But the group behind the scarecrow, volunteers from the Bourne Hill Secret Garden, were left flummoxed when they realised it had been ‘dumped’ behind a shed. Council chiefs, assessing entries ahead of the results in September, had deemed the creation a ‘political statement’. Andy Brown, of Wiltshire Council, said: ‘Although this entry was submitted to the city council’s scarecrow competition, political statements are not allowed on Wiltshire Council property, however light-hearted the intent. ‘The council should remain impartial and not allow its resources to be used for political statements.’ Volunteers branded the move a ‘sense of humour failure’. Penny Ibbs, of the Bourne Hill Secret Garden, told Metro.co.uk: ‘As well as entering the Salisbury City Council Gardens Competition, we also entered their Scarecrow Competition, both of which were assessed a week ago but the results won’t be announced until September. ‘Together we decided to do a “Boris” scarecrow – with straw hair, bottle of Bolly, penalty notices, etc – but unfortunately Wiltshire Council decided it was “in poor taste” and “political statements are not allowed on Wiltshire Council property” – so they dumped him behind the shed! ‘We thought that a bit of a sense of humour failure but, not wanting to harm our cooperative relationship with Wiltshire, we took off his mask and moved him to the potting area.’ Online, many responded with indignation towards Wiltshire Council’s decision to deem the scarecrow a ‘political statement.’ One wrote: ‘What an utter load of poppycock. I thought it was brilliant!’ Another added: ‘I thought it was a comic take on current affairs and it made me laugh out loud when I saw it. It’s no different to a political cartoon in a newspaper.’ Although one questioned whether the scarecrow was even a depiction of the outgoing Prime Minister. ‘That’s not my Boris,’ they wrote. ‘His hair is too tidy.’ The scarecrow had been created at the height of the Partygate scandal and the champagne bottle included was taken from the Bourne Hill Secret Garden Group’s very own Jubilee party. Volunteers, who maintain a colourful site including pond, bed of roses, herb garden and greenhouse, meet in a walled garden just behind Wiltshire Council’s Salisbury offices. Their scarecrow, sans mask, will be entered in the competition and, unlike its inspiration, could win the support of the public and stand long after September. News of the Bourne Hill Secret Garden Group and its ousted scarecrow have now spread across the UK. ‘Maybe news will get to No.10!’ added Penny. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.