As Venus moves into Cancer, the signs are in for a treat. The vivacious planet is bringing a positive yet sensual vibe for the day ahead. Aries, you should harness this energy by giving yourself a good pamper. A little charm will go a long way today, Libra. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 17, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 While you may be eager for adventure, the movement of Venus into your domestic zone means you’ll enjoy entertaining friends and relatives. Need a respite after a particularly hectic week? A scented bath or a delicious meal with your partner or friends, can leave you restored. Over the weeks ahead, you’ll enjoy bringing beauty and serenity to your home and pampering yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 As peacemaker Venus enters your sector of communication, you’ll find it easier to be diplomatic around sensitive discussions, and to know what to say and what to leave out. Your words could help soothe and heal another and leave them inspired. And with the Sun and Mercury aligning with Neptune, a concert or exhibition can turn out to be extremely enjoyable, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Rather than buy new, the idea of recycling could seem like the more sustainable option. With an emphasis on your sector of resources and lovely Venus moving into Cancer too, a trip to vintage stores or markets can appeal. You may pick up items at a fraction of the price that have flare and style. Even so Gemini, all that glitters is not gold. Something that sparkles might disappoint. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 As luscious Venus joins the Sun and Mercury in your sign, revel in the opportunity to treat yourself, and relish the attention and admiring looks you get from others. There is no harm in focusing on you, as it’s likely something you don’t indulge in enough. Others may have plans for you, but if you feel like getting a new hairdo or shopping for clothes, just enjoy yourself! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 As sweet Venus sashays into a quiet and spiritual zone, her presence here can enhance feelings of caring and compassion. And while you might find it easy to direct them to others, this is also an opportunity to be kinder to yourself. If you’ve been busy and cut yourself little slack lately, make time to unwind. Indulge your dreams and fantasies, especially those that make you smile. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your social life may have extra sizzle from today, as friendly Venus moves in, encouraging you to enjoy mingling and spending time in good company. A meeting could inspire you to join a group or club with others who are welcoming and interesting to be around. This might bring encouragement to move in a new direction, and perhaps to forge deep and supportive bonds. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 With sultry Venus your ruler moving into your sector of goals and ambitions, your diplomatic nature could give you an advantage in all kinds of situations. And if you apply a little charm, you might net yourself an opportunity that may not have come along otherwise. You’ll know just how to appeal to others’ emotions, making you very persuasive when you need to be, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Your tastes could become more exotic, as sweet Venus moves into your sector of far horizons. Those from other backgrounds and cultures may prove fascinating, and if you’re looking for romance, you might be drawn to someone from a different background to your own. With the Sun and Mercury also encouraging you out of your comfort zone, what have you got to lose, Scorpio? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Looking for a financial or emotional boost? From today, the planet of romance and lucrative deals moves into your sector of business, shared assets and intimacy, coinciding with an opportunity to enhance cash flow. In a relationship? You could benefit from money that comes in via your partner. Plus, baring your soul can help you release a burden and be so very healing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If you’re uncertain where a relationship is heading, the movement of Venus into Cancer can be very healing. The coming weeks bring opportunities to talk things over, and to discuss issues in a tactful and diplomatic way. Looking for that special person? You may be ready to reach out and forge new bonds. Has someone caught your eye? This is a good time to take things further. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A warm and welcoming influence can enhance team spirit, and find you getting along with co-workers. Even if issues do show up, Venus’s presence in your lifestyle zone encourages you to talk about it, as doing so could smooth over any difficulties. Still, with the Sun and Mercury aligning with Neptune, your imagination might be the key to a brilliant money-making idea. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If you have creative talents, you are in a peak time for showcasing them, and letting others know what you can do. Wanted to sell your work or simply enjoy a spell of making art or crafts? The time is now, Pisces. Whatever your goal, channelling your abilities into creating beautiful items could be a game changer for you, especially if there’s a demand for them that grows and grows. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 17 to July 23 and Mercury's move into Leo MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you