Boris Johnson dramatically sacked Cabinet rival Michael Gove. The Prime Minister met ministers in Downing Street on Thursday, where he was told he had lost the confidence of the Tory party and could not continue in office. Mr Gove was thought to have told the Prime Minister on Wednesday morning that it was time for him to quit. One ally of the PM told The Telegraph Mr Gove ‘has just always been treacherous, disloyal, self-obsessed, untrustworthy – pick whichever you like’. A Number 10 source told the BBC: ‘You cannot have a snake who is not with you on any of the big arguments who then gleefully briefs the press that he has called for the leader to go. You cannot operate like that.’ Conservative MP Tim Loughton called Mr Gove’s sacking ‘pretty serious’ with the Prime Minister turning on him. He told Sky News: ‘Michael Gove has been, despite some incidents in the past leadership competitions, he’s been very much at the side of Boris and Boris has been listening to him… ‘I think it was Michael Gove who went to No 10 with the metaphorical bottle of whiskey and the revolver, well clearly Boris has downed the whiskey and turned the revolver on Michael Gove, who would have believed it?’ James Duddridge, a parliamentary private secretary to the Prime Minister, has said that Boris Johnson is ‘up for a fight’. Appearing live on Sky News, he said: ‘He is buoyant, he is up for a fight. ‘He knows it is going to be difficult, but he asked me to leave him at Downing Street, come over here, tell members of parliament he has listened, that he is up for a fight, he is going to make some changes, he is going to make some Cabinet appointments today.’ Mr Duddridge indicated that while some ‘major appointments’ will be made by the Prime Minister, it was ‘unlikely’ all will be made tonight. He said: ‘There is business as usual, things happening. He has consulted with his Cabinet. He’s staying and he is taking things forward.’ Mr Johnson’s relationship with Mr Gove has long been troubled, with the Prime Minister’s leadership campaign in 2016 derailed when his rival withdrew support and decided to run himself. But it was not only Mr Gove who sought to persuade Mr Johnson that his time in No 10 should end. Home Secretary Priti Patel, Business Secretary Kwasi Kwarteng, Transport Secretary Grant Shapps, Northern Ireland Secretary Brandon Lewis and Welsh Secretary Simon Hart were among the Cabinet ministers telling Mr Johnson to stand down. Ms Patel was said to have spoken to the Prime Minister to convey the ‘overwhelming view’ of the parliamentary party. Mr Shapps is thought to have told Mr Johnson that he stood little chance of winning another confidence vote and should instead set out a timetable for a departure on his own terms. Nadhim Zahawi, who was only appointed Chancellor on Tuesday, was also thought to be among those taking part in the showdown with Mr Johnson. But Mr Duddridge denied the reports, saying Mr Zahawi is ‘solidly behind’ the PM. The PPS went on: ‘He is going to announce a new economic strategy, that is going to happen some time next week. ‘But as a tax-cutting Conservative, I am really pleased to say there will definitely be tax cuts in that speech. I don’t know the details, we’ll have to wait for that, but that is the red meat that the backbenchers wanted.’ Mr Duddridge said he did not know why Mr Gove had been sacked, saying: ‘My job is not to be disrespectful of colleagues. It is simply to pass on the mood of the Prime Minister and say what he’s doing. ‘They were question marks over what he was going to do after the meetings in Downing Street. It’s been very clear he’s moving forward.’ He stressed the backing Mr Johnson got in the 2019 general election, adding: ‘He’s got a 14 million mandate from the British public. He now needs to deliver that. ‘Now is not the time to have a stupid election and look introverted. This is a time to worry about the issue of Ukraine, to get the tax cuts, to get the economy back on track and move forward and he really is up for it.’ Mr Johnson rejected suggestions on Wednesday that he should seek a ‘more dignified exit’ and will instead fight for his political future – something which could trigger further Cabinet resignations. A source close to the Prime Minister said he told his colleagues there would be ‘chaos’ if he quit and the party would almost certainly lose the next election. The source said Mr Johnson was ‘continuing to focus on delivering for the public’ and addressing the ‘hugely important issues facing the country’. Neither Mr Shapps nor Mr Zahawi are expected to resign, despite the Prime Minister’s refusal to go. Allies including Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries and Brexit Opportunities Minister Jacob Rees-Mogg all remained supportive of Mr Johnson. Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab also remained loyal to Mr Johnson and defended him at a session of the backbench 1922 Committee.  Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.