Love Island’s just thrown us one of the biggest twists to date, with one iconic islander making his return after years away. Yep, Adam Collard’s back. The series four legend, who made it into the Love Island history books with his wandering eye, is back for more, and absolutely no one saw it coming. As Sunday night’s episode ended with a cliffhanger about who the public has voted to go home, narrator Iain Stirling revealed the ultimate twist. ‘Tomorrow night…guess who’s back,’ he teased. Adam, who’s been dubbed the ‘ultimate bombshell’ has said of his return: ‘I’m going to ruffle a few feathers when I go in.’ We don’t doubt it – after all, he’s already set his sights on the queen of chaos, Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu. We last saw Adam on season four of Love Island in 2018, when he coupled up with four different girls, and left the public in disbelief. Adam initially coupled up with Kendall Knight. However, he quickly dumped her for Rosie Williams. He went on to couple up with Zara McDermott, before his head was turned once again in Casa Amor to Darylle Sargeant. Adam and Zara then got back together and had a relationship on the outside – although they split eight months later. Has he changed his ways? Only time will tell… Since his original stint in the villa, Adam’s clearly not found love (although he was previously linked to Towie’s Demi Sims). However, he has made various new career moves, including starting an OnlyFans. Naturally, fans are in pieces, with one writing: ‘NOT ADAM THE MENACE NOOOOOO LOVE ISLAND PRODUCERS DESERVE A RAISE.’ ‘THERES NO WAY THEY’RE BRINGING THAT DEVIL ADAM BACK,’ one more despaired, while another added: ‘ADAM IS COMING BACK?! STOP ITTTTT THIS SEASON CANT GET ANY MORE CHAOTIC.’ One more pointed out: ‘I can’t lie bringing back Adam will either kill the series or be one of their greatest moves. We’ll have to wait and see but I hope it pays off #LoveIsland.’ Adam’s return comes at an interesting time, with Andrew Le Page, Dami Hope, and Jacques O’Neill all in the doghouse. So could Tasha Ghouri, Indiyah Polack or Paige Thorne be tempted? Either way, we’re sure Adam’s about to make his mark. Love Island continues Monday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island fans cringe over ‘painfully awkward’ Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri chat as he grovels after Casa Amor MORE : Love Island fans fear ‘iconic moment’ won’t air after Casa Amor drama: ‘It would be so unfair’ 