After 12 years of brutal service, I am leaving my NHS post as an emergency department consultant to work abroad. My decision to leave is driven by financial and personal reasons. More than anything, I’m tired and have little more left to give to the NHS. I am sure the comments section will be littered with people telling me that, as a consultant, I am well paid and should be grateful for the job. No doubt there will be people who berate me for treating a noble calling as a J-O-B and not being more altruistic. But I suspect any of my colleagues who read this will be cheering me on and wishing they could join me on the flight. The NHS has asked too much too often, leading to a decline in my mental health. I am recognising signs of compassion fatigue and I am concerned that I am disadvantaging my patients. Every day I drive to work, it is without the sense of anticipation I had earlier in my career. Instead, I have a feeling of foreboding that the day will bring issues over which I have no control. This is precipitated by years of under-investment, service cutting and poor infrastructure maintenance, alongside criminally poor investment in adult social care services. The NHS has had a torrid time of late. The Covid-19 pandemic has highlighted the cracks that had hitherto been papered over. Staff shortages as a result of retirements and sickness have put huge pressure on the staff that remain. Burnout, stress and, frankly, war-like conditions, only make these shortages worse. Staff are essential for the service to function and the sticking plaster from the NHS is to pay staff to work over and above their full-time hours. Now, with punishing pension rules that penalise senior staff for working extra and the record number of patients delayed by 12 hours or more to emergency departments, as well as a growing backlog of elective cases, no amount of money would convince me to give up my valuable family time. With two children at home and a wife who also works for the NHS, family time is rare and precious. It is no longer worth the money to spend spare time working an extra shift in the emergency department. The final nail in the coffin has been the insulting below inflation pay rises, which have been offered to healthcare staff. Coupled with the current cost of living crisis, I don’t feel I am being adequately compensated for the years of training, hard work and sacrifice I have endured in order to become a senior specialist in – not one but – two specialties. The Doctors’ Association UK is campaigning for pay restoration for doctors to try to prevent highly-trained professionals from leaving the UK. I am the first to agree that consultant salaries are well above UK average. I will not, however, agree that this is underserved. In order for me to attain my current role, I have completed six years of undergraduate study, three years of supervised internship training and a further eight years of specialist training. During this time, I have been forced to move between several hospitals many miles apart. I have spent months studying for exams, which cost up to £650. There are other significant costs associated with being a doctor, too. I hold professional registration in four countries. I am a fellow of three specialist faculties and hold membership of an educational academy. All these fees are mandatory and cost in excess of £3,000. I am obliged to hold private indemnity insurance which, as an emergency medicine consultant with responsibility for a large group of junior staff, amounts to a further £1,500 annually. Once working as a doctor, yet further costs are incurred by the need to maintain professional development, which requires a minimum number of additional learning activities. If we do not comply with the requirements of the General Medical Council for revalidation, we risk losing our licence to practice. In the UK, a consultant is offered a study budget of £850, which doesn’t cover a fraction of these costs. I recently completed a two-year sabbatical in New Zealand and the difference in approach and value placed on consultants was staggering. My New Zealand starting salary was £115,000 per year. I would need to remain in the NHS as a consultant for 19 years to achieve parity. All my professional fees were paid by my Trust. I was afforded a relocation allowance of £10,000, and given a generous educational budget of £7,500. My decision to leave the NHS isn’t purely financial. I can still live and look after my family on my salary, even if it isn’t vaguely comparable with the package of remuneration available to me elsewhere. I can no longer face the fact that I can’t do the job I am trained to do because the system doesn’t support me doing it. Emergency departments need to deal with the sickest patients quickest. In order to do this, we need space to assess and diagnose the patient, staff to attend to them and equipment to cater for their needs. The wards have no space because their beds are often filled with patients awaiting residential or nursing home placement. The evidence is unequivocal that long waits in emergency departments are associated with increased mortality yet, our patients continue to suffer as we treat them in corridors and inappropriate non-clinical spaces while ambulances are stacked outside waiting to hand over new patients. I could never leave medicine – I love the work and I find it a privilege to treat patients. But I can no longer work in a system that hamstrings its staff, undervalues us and does not look after our long-term health and wellbeing. When staff are crying as a result of the workload and the stress of the job, the answer is not to be forced to undertake mandatory resilience training in our spare time. Sickness rates are at an all-time high and it is no surprise that payment protection insurance premiums skyrocket if mental illness and stress is included as a covered condition. Part of my exit strategy is working for a telemedicine company in Australia. It is a travesty that it’s easier for me to write an after-hours prescription for Shane in Kalgoorlie than it is to provide the same service for Ahmad in Kettering. The NHS needs to realise that its staff is its greatest asset. More than the buildings and theatres, it’s the staff that keep the service going. For years, staff have gone above and beyond the call of duty out of a sense of pride or obligation to keep the service afloat. Now, with Covid-19 having tested the limits of our endurance and brought into focus the priority of time and family, the goodwill bank is running dry. NHS workers are suffering from Stockholm Syndrome. We are in an abusive relationship, but have become enthralled to our abuser. Many of us have not had our eyes opened to the way we deserve to be treated and the way a system should and could function. I will be sad to leave my friends and colleagues in the NHS – many of whom are some of the finest people I’ve ever had the privilege to work with. I have no doubt – if conditions fail to improve within the NHS – I will work with many of them again. Only this time in warmer climes and surrounded by different accents. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing James.Besanvalle@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : How old is the NHS and why was it set up? MORE : Nurse gives brutal speech about dire state of NHS to patients waiting 13 hours MORE : Part-time GPs are not to blame for the downfall of the NHS right now