British Gas owner Centrica has seen its profits increase by five-fold while households worry about paying their bills this winter. The company’s operating profits in the six months to the end of June came to £1.34billion amid a rampant rise in the cost of living. It was significantly more than the £262million recorded during the same period last year. Meanwhile Shell has reported record profits of £9.4billion, having doubled them in a single year. The rise in profits comes as wholesale gas prices hit record highs across Europe this year, following Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. Russia has halved supplies of natural gas via the Nord Stream 1 pipeline to the continent, causing further chaos in the market. Although the UK is less dependent on Russian energy than mainland Europe, the move is still having a knock-on effect on the UK. The cap on how much British households can be charged for energy is set to rise to £3,420 in October – potentially rising again to £3,850 in January. People are already shelling out £1,971 per year on average for energy after the cap was raised in April – a rise of 54% – contributing to rising inflation. Centrica paused dividends in 2020 and began major cost cutting, selling upstream assets and seeking to reinvent itself as an energy service provider. ‘We’ve made significant progress de-risking the Group and building a stronger business for the benefit of all stakeholders,’ CEO Chris O’Shea said in a statement. The company said it would reinstate a progressive dividend, initially offering offer an interim payout of 1 pence per share. Operating profits at British Gas fell 43% to £98million during the first half of 2022 as it needed to buy more energy in the wholesale market than expected to cover customer demand. It said it made £6 per customer profit after tax during the period. In May Centrica completed the sale of its 69% stake in Spirit Energy’s Norwegian oil and gas assets to Norwegian private equity firm Sval Energi for around £560million. A government spokesperson said: ‘Unlike Europe, Britain isn’t dependent on Russian gas. ‘The UK’s secure and diverse energy supplies will ensure households, businesses and industry can be confident they can get the electricity and gas they need. ‘However, we are vulnerable to volatile gas markets. While no national government can control the gas price, we have introduced an extraordinary £37billion package to help households, including £1,200 each for 8 million of the most vulnerable households.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.