Welcome to Metro.co.uk‘s The Big Questions, where we ask, well, the big questions (and the smaller ones too) and this week, we’re diving deep with Nick Grimshaw and Angela Hartnett. Nick Grimshaw might not be waking us up every morning on the radio any more, but that doesn’t mean he’s given up grilling the stars for good. Oh no, Grimmy has teamed up with Gordon Ramsay protégé and Saturday Kitchen chef Angela Hartnett for their brand new podcast Dish. In each episode, a lucky celeb or two gets to hang out with the pair, devour a delicious home cooked meal made by the Michelin star TV chef herself and be plied with wine poured by Nick as they divulge their best anecdotes in a laid back setting. So when we sat down with the pair, we grilled them on everything from Nick’s upcoming wedding to Kendall Jenner cutting a cucumber. Y’know, all the important things. How did the Dish podcast come about? Nick: ‘We both wanted to do a podcast and we had a little meeting, essentially like speed dating, and found we just really got on and we just had a really funny meeting together. So we thought, “yes!” and we cracked on with it. ‘I really wanted to do something where it didn’t feel too much like an interview, like this does feel like you’re going round to dinner at mine and Angela’s and Angela cooks amazing food that you can listen along to and make at home. And it’s nothing to chef-y but always delicious, but it’s all quite simple stuff. ‘This feels really informal and fun, that we get to all sit around the dinner table and just eat and drink together.’ It does feel like we’re just eavesdropping on a night in at yours, especially when the producers chip in too. Angela: ‘I think that’s why it feels very natural that because we let everyone be part of it and it’s not so scripted like “Have you asked this question? Have you asked that question?”, it naturally flows. ‘And sometimes you might miss something you wanted to ask, but you’ve found something else out, as the conversation should be. It’s a natural conversation.’ You’ve already got some amazing names on there, who’s been your fave guest so far? Nick: ‘When we first met and were talking about who we’d want on, Angela was very keen to have the cast of Ted Lasso on. The production were like “Oh, like they’re not around, they can’t do it” or whatever. And then, about a week in, they were like “Oh my god, you’ll never guess who’s coming on!” ‘They were so fun and such a riot and the dream first guests. It was really easy, really funny, really relaxed. I felt like we knew them and they were our friends.’ And they were fangirling over you as well, Angela! Angela: ‘I mean! Obviously I just want to go out to dinner with Hannah [Waddingham]. She was brilliant – they were both brilliant, they’re both enthusiastic and we couldn’t get rid of them! ‘Like proper party guests and house guests, you think they’re gonna go in and out but they were still there about two and a half hours later. But that’s a good sign that they were very natural, very relaxed, and they were great. Really great.’ Nick: ‘James May I loved just because I feel like James May just feels so famous to me. He just really looked like James May when he came in, and he had so many great stories. He was there for like two hours or something. But everyone’s been great, I’ve enjoyed them all so much.’ Whose house do you record it at, or are you on location? Nick: ‘We’re in a studio where they film cookery shows, so there’s a kitchen with an island, and at the end of that is our round table. We’re mic-ed up so we can just get up and wander around like you would at a house party and you’re not as tied down as you would be in a studio. ‘It does feel like you’re in a house apart from the film crews which feels like you’re in The Osbournes or The Kardashians! ‘It does feel a lot friendlier and I think it’s quite disarming to go and get a home cooked meal – that’s such a nice gesture. To talk to someone in a studio might be a bit daunting or leave some guests worried or self-conscious. But I think as soon as Angela gives you a delicious meal and I give you a glass of wine, you’re so comfortable and made to feel good.’ You mentioned the Kardashians there – they’d be great guests to have on, mainly for the fact that Angela could finally teach Kendall Jenner how to cut a cucumber… Nick: ‘Oh my god, have you seen that cucumber?!’ Angela: ‘Ridiculous! It’s so ridiculous.’ Nick: ‘That is one of the craziest things I’ve ever seen on the television.’ Grimmy, have your own cooking skills levelled up since meeting Angela? Nick: ‘Do you know what, they haven’t but what has is that Angela’s really cool when she cooks, and it’s very effortless and easy. And I know I do this, and Mesh [Henry], my boyfriend definitely does this, is that we get so stressed out about cooking when we don’t need to be. ‘But I’ve learned from Angela that you can add a bit more of this and that to what you’re cooking and it doesn’t have to be this ordeal that people build it up to be.’ Angela, you previously worked with Gordon Ramsay – is he ever going to make an appearance on the podcast? Angela: ‘I’d love for Gordon to come on the show – I think it’d be brilliant guest, he’d be such fun. ‘I think everyone would be surprised at how lovely he is, because he’s so polite and really charismatic. I think everyone expects him to come in and swear blue murder, but he’d actually be very contained. ‘What he’d probably do is embarrass me and tell Nick oads of stories about me when I was learning to cook. Which I can do myself, I don’t need Gordon to do – trust me. He’d be a great guest.’ Nick, you’ve interviewed pretty much everyone in all the years that you were on the radio, is there anyone you still get starstruck by, besides James May? Nick: ‘I think anyone that was famous when I was little, I get starstruck over. So I might not get as starstruck over like Lady Gaga as I would over Sonia Jackson, because I think she’s so famous. ‘That’s weird because I watched her on telly when I was younger, whereas Lady Gaga wasn’t famous when I was little. So anyone that was famous when I was little, I think it’s mad that they exist. ‘And David Beckham. I’ve interviewed him a few times and they’re always my worst interviews because I’m like, so bad. I become a moron when I have to talk to people like that.’ Earlier we spotted that you called Mesh your boyfriend but he is of course your fiancé – congratulations! Did you have any inkling he was going to propose or was it a complete surprise? Nick: ‘It was a complete surprise, I had no idea. I thought I’d be the one that would have to do it, so it was actually a really nice surprise. ‘I like to plan everything so it was really nice to have that surprise because I was thinking, “Oh, should do that soon. It’s been four years, might be time.” So it was really nice. And I had no idea.’ The proposal looked gorgeous with the perfect sunset in the background as well. Nick: ‘Yeah – I don’t actually love sunsets! I remember we had this conversation, I can’t remember why, but I was saying I sometimes get a bit sad at a sunset whereas a sunrise is like a beginning. ‘I just remember being like “I don’t really like sunsets” and he’d been trying to propose for a while, so he just did it one day and then he was like “Really sorry it was at a sunset!” He’d got it in his head that I hated them. ‘We were away in America so it was really nice that it was just us two and we got to have that time together and not have to get up and go to work the next day or something.’ Have you started planning your wedding yet? Nick: ‘Not at all, literally not even thought about it. Not a thing.’ Well at least Angela can sort you out with a great chef to cater the day! Nick: ‘Yeah, Angela has offered to do all the cooking and she’s gonna close down Murano and she’s paying for it all… she’s really generous! She really wants that to be the tagline in the Metro – “Generous Angela pays for Grimmy’s wedding!”’ If we print it, she’s got to do it! Both: [Laugh] The Dish podcast with Nick Grimshaw and Angela Hartnett is available now. 