Three of the five remaining candidates to be Prime Minister refused to be interviewed on the BBC’s flagship politics show today, the broadcaster has claimed. Sunday Morning presenter Sophie Raworth said former Chancellor Rishi Sunak, Foreign Secretary Liz Truss and ex equalities minister Kemi Badenoch declined to appear on the programme. The no-shows come ahead of a crucial week of voting in which Tory MPs will determine the final two contenders to lead the UK. Roughly 180,000 members of the Conservative Party will then decide who becomes their leader – and therefore the Prime Minister – in early September, with the contest still wide open. Sunak is ahead on votes from MPs, but polls suggest he would lose to any of his four rivals when the contest goes to Tory members. The bookmakers’ favourite and international development secretary Penny Mordaunt declined to go into detail on her plans to help people with the cost of living crisis when she appeared on the show this morning. Foreign Affairs Committee chair Tom Tugendhat said that focus should not be on ‘jam tomorrow’ but help with ‘heating before Christmas’. All five candidates did appear in a live television debate on Channel 4 on Friday night – and there will be similar events tonight and on Tuesday. But two of the leading contenders, Truss and Sunak, have otherwise offered little in the way of media scrutiny – keeping press questions and television appearances to a minimum in cautious campaigns seemingly aimed at avoiding errors. The Sunday morning shows are seen as a key fixture in the weekly Westminster schedule but neither candidate opted to take part in either Sky’s Sophy Ridge on Sunday or Sunday Morning. The BBC’s Sophie Raworth explained: ‘We did ask all of them to appear here this morning, only two have taken up that offer.’ She then questioned Tugendhat about his plans to help families struggling to pay their bills. He replied: ‘The first thing… is bringing down fuel cost because we already know fuel underpins so much of our economy, and so yes that is exactly what I’m going to be doing, I’m going to be lowering the cost of the duty on fuel by 10p a litre. ‘The second thing… is looking at how we support people in their homes, because the reality is a lot of the talk at the moment is jam tomorrow but what we really need is heat by Christmas.’ He confirmed that he would give people money to help with their energy bills. ‘We need to be setting out a lower tax agenda’, the army veteran said. ‘So that those who… require benefits just to help them out of a difficult patch actually get the benefit and then improve their lives for themselves.’ Ms Mordaunt told the BBC: ‘There needs to be some immediate, targeted support going to be people, but in terms of corporation tax, other taxes, this is not the place to do that. ‘I have set out the principles under which I would operate but not the levels.’ Despite being pressed to offer further details, she suggested the budget or another fiscal event – which would come after the next Prime Minister is decided – would be the right moment to reveal more concrete plans. Elsewhere, Labour’s shadow education secretary Bridget Phillipson was asked which candidate she was most worried about facing at a general election. She told Sophy Ridge: ‘I’m not worried about any of them. I don’t think we’ve got anything to fear from any of the candidates. ‘The reason for that is that all of them have propped up Boris Johnson and the Conservative Government for 12 years now.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Tory MP calls people sheltering from extreme heat ‘cowards and snowflakes’