Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti had viewers in stitches during Monday night’s episode after he revealed he had no idea what celibacy means. The lovable Italian stallion has been providing all the entertainment over the past few weeks, having recently pranked the girls by dressing up and pretending to be a new female bombshell. But this evening, he well and truly outdid himself while in conversation with Casa Amor newcomer Coco Lodge. It all kicked off when Davide pressed graphic designer Coco on when her past relationship ended. ‘A year and a half ago,’ she replied. ‘He went celibate so we broke up.’ A confused Davide responded: ‘He went where?’ ‘Celibate,’ Coco said again, but all to no avail, as Davide was still baffled. ‘Where’s that?’ he asked. ‘He wouldn’t have sex,’ Coco explained. Viewers were floored in pieces by the unintentionally funny moment. ‘Davide about to book his next holiday to Celibate,’ joked one, while another added: ‘Not Davide thinking celibacy is a location.’ Despite the hilarious blunder, Coco wasn’t phased and sparks were soon flying between herself and Davide. Towards the end of the episode, Davide made a move on the newcomer after they previously kissed underwater in the Raunchy Race challenge. But whether or not Coco has tunnel vision for Davide remains to be seen as she also kissed Andrew Le Page. Having previously locked lips during the challenge, the pair met for an intimate talk on the terrace and they were soon playing tonsil tennis again. ‘She’s a good kisser,’ Andrew said in the Beach Hut. ‘She knows what she’s doing.’ Coco added: ‘My evening has been extremely interesting. I actually like both Davide and Andrew for different reasons, so I’m not sure yet.’ Love Island continues on Tuesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 