An enterprising staycationer doesn’t have far to go for a taste of Ibiza during the sweltering heatwave. Guy Causer has a White Isle-style party pad in his suburban back garden which he built after staying up late at night watching YouTube videos. So a refreshing dip and a cold beer is only ever a few feet away. The DIY rookie laid on the drinks and joined in a water fight to an ABBA soundtrack as he and his guests made the most of the mini-resort in Nuneaton, Warwickshire. The terraced party zone, complete with a hot tub, took the homeowner and two friends 18 months to build and has become the ‘perfect’ retreat. As temperatures hit 36C last night, Guy donned a Bermuda shirt and treated his guests to the Costa-del-Nuneaton feel with cold drinks and water pistols. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘Everybody had been at work all day and pretty much all they could think about was getting into the pool and cooling off. ‘It was perfect, exactly what we needed. ‘Even if we only use it for one week of the year it makes it all worthwhile. ‘The only real occasion to celebrate was bringing our body temperatures down. The party had a Mamma Mia! feel and we had a few beers while we had a paddle, as tradition would have it.’ Guy, 36, had no prior building skills to turn his vision of a back garden party zone into reality so he turned to YouTube instead. Together with friends Luke Ridgeway and Ian Murphy he built a leisure pool, adding submerged chill-out seats for good measure. They dug the crowning feature out by hand – ensuring it is deep enough to cannonball into – before adding a mosaic made out of 38,000 tiles. In a nod to Ibiza or the Med they also added the hot tub under a wooden gazebo, seating and decking that leads around the different areas. A cocktail bar and barbecue complete the summer getaway feel at the back of Guy’s semi-detached, two-bedroom home. The trio finished the 18-month project in summer 2020, with the transformation costing £9,500. Guy then decided to add a sandpit, forming a beach-like area around the pool. The trio christened their personal resort by cannonballing into the water. With the lockdowns, travel chaos and warnings about swimming in open water, Guy believes the investment is worth every penny. ‘There was a hole in the garden and we thought “let’s just do it”, so we watched a few YouTube videos and went for it,’ he said. ‘Most people were really surprised we could or would even do it. To be honest with you, we were surprised as well. ‘We had seen what you can do on YouTube and did everything ourselves. ‘We dug it all out and built it ourselves, which we had to do during Covid. ‘We don’t get that much sunshine but when we do everyone wants to be here. It’s inspired a couple of friends who have built party areas in their back gardens, so it seems to have started something.’ Guy, who works as an optical dispenser, is not having a holiday this year so he will be making the most of a much closer destination. ‘I’m working on another house so I’ve decided against having a holiday,’ he said. ‘It’s just really good to have somewhere where I feel like I can get away and invite friends over for a night. It gives everyone somewhere to meet and especially in this weather it feels like a holiday.’ The pool party is due to resume tonight with the fierce heat likely to make the group retreat to the shade of the tropical thatching. A record temperature of 40C is expected to be recorded in the UK today, with the Met Office having issued its first red warning for ‘exceptional heat’ in large parts of England. The NHS has set out tips for the hot weather including spending time in the shade between 11am and 3pm, making sure you never burn and using at least factor 30 sunscreen. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.