If there’s one thing you can always count on during a seismic event in British politics – it’s an endless stream of juicy memes. Boris Johnson has had a turbulent few days as he’s faced a mass exodus of MPs from his government. Since Tuesday there have been 59 resignations from his team, as anger mounts over the Prime Minister’s handling of the Chris Pincher groping allegations. It all kicked off when Sajid Javid and Rishi Sunak stepped down as health secretary and chancellor, respectively, within minutes of each other. This set off a constant stream of departures, but Johnson clung to power, insisting he had a mandate due to the 14 million Tory votes in the 2019 general election. But his outlook  changed after waking up to more major resignations this morning, including Northern Ireland secretary Brandon Lewis. Education secretary Michelle Donelan quit after about 36 hours in the job, and newly appointed Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi, decided to turn his back on the PM. Johnson delivered a resignation speech outside No 10 today, although he somehow managed to do it without actually saying he was resigning. The PM said it is ‘clearly now the will’ of the parliamentary Conservative Party that there should be a new leader, and therefore a new Prime Minister. He added: ‘The process of choosing that new leader should begin now and the timetable will be announced next week. ‘And I’ve today appointed a Cabinet to serve, as I will, until a new leader is in place.’ Many expect Johnson to stay on as a caretaker Prime Minister while a new leader is elected during the summer recess – in time for the next party conference in October. But others in his party said he should go as soon as possible while someone else – probably Dominic Raab – temporarily held the fort. What still isn’t clear, is whether he’ll stay on as a caretaker Prime Minister until October while a leadership contest is held. Many are saying he needs to go now, allowing someone else – probably Dominic Raab – to temporarily hold the fort. Whatever the case, people have been making the most of the drama unfolding in Downing Street by flooding the internet with memes (thank you for your service). Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.