David Beckham, Gemma Chan, Hugh Grant and broadcasting legend Michael Parkinson were amongst the famous faces that attended day 10 of the Wimbledon Championships. David, 47 beamed alongside his mum Sandra Georgina West as they avidly watched the matches from the Royal Box on Centre Court, which saw Nick Kyrgios and Rafael Nadal among the players. The former England footballer opted for a dapper brown blazer with white trousers, pairing them with a white striped shirt and a polka dot tie. He even wore a matching white pocket square for the glamorous social occasion. His 73-year-old mother also opted for a sleek, stylish outfit with a peach-coloured blouse underneath a striking white blazer. The sporting icon also took a selfie with his mother to capture the sweet family day out. Fellow sporting legends Laura Kenny and her husband Jason Kenny also took their seats in the Royal Box in front of the Beckhams to watch the action-packed quarter-finals. The British Olympians appeared to be having a fantastic time as they laughed and commiserated while watching each swing of the nail-biting tennis. However, there wasn’t only sporting royalty at Wimbledon Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club today, but acting icons too. Love Actually star Hugh Grant appeared in the Evian VIP suite dazzling his winning smile for the camera. The 61-year-old actor wore a grey suit jacket over crisp white shirt with the top buttons undone with smart black trousers. He finished the look with brown suede shoes and belt. Hugh was flushed with laughter, before he pulled a series of funny faces in an animated conversation with his wife Anna Elisabet Eberstein, who wore a dainty blue and white polka dress with a contrast collar. Meanwhile, The Eternals actress Gemma Chan stunned in an eye-catching green checkered dress with contrasting black neckline and sleeves. The 39-year-old wore her rich brown hair in a gentle wave over her shoulders as she clutched her Louis Vuitton bag and donned some black shades for the outdoor event. Gemma enjoyed the day with her boyfriend, Mamma Mia star Dominic Cooper who sported a royal blue suit with a white shirt and golden brown tie for the event. The actress also brought her dad along to the prestigious event and the duo cosied up to snap some sweet selfies in front of the iconic court. The royal box also hosted former Mastermind host, Sir Michael Parkinson, and his wife Mary. The 87-year-old held onto his wife’s arm as he posed for photos in his smart grey suit and strong blue tie. Meanwhile Mary, 85, wore black trousers and a smart white jacket alongside a vibrant floral navy scarf. Sir Cliff Richard returned to Wimbledon once again – in fact he can’t seem to stay away after attending the tournament on the first day as well. The 81-year-old musician wore an eye-catching floral black suit for his third apperance at the event as he smiled and waved after he left people ‘cringing’ for his belting his song, Summer Holiday into the crowd only days before. The Queen’s cousin Lady Helen Taylor and her husband Timothy Taylor smiled for the cameras as they arrived to enjoy the day of tennis. Lady Windsor dazzled in a royal blue shirt dress with a tie waist, while her husband complimented her outfit in a sleek navy blue suit. Heartstopper actress Yasmin Finney looked incredibly stylish in a powder blue suede suit with a crisp white shirt and thick black tie. She complimented this striking look with a muted red lip and natural make up. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Kyrgios packs on PDA with girlfriend Costeen Hatzi at Wimbledon after being charged with assaulting ex Chiara Passari MORE : David Walliams dotes on mum Kathleen and Oti Mabuse brings glamour as celebs brush shoulders with royalty at Wimbledon day 9