Lauren Goodger’s partner Charles Drury has spoken out after their newborn daughter Lorena died. The former Towie star, 35, was expecting her second baby, but shared the heartbreaking news Lorena died following her birth on July 8. According to The Sun, Charles, who has turned his Instagram account to private, said: ‘Our beautiful baby girl so perfect in every way, 8/7/22 will always be your day. Your little heart will forever beat inside mine, I’ll love you until the end of time. ‘Nothing will be the same without you, it’s like living a bad dream I can’t wake from, but your mummy & sister will keep me sane.’ Charles, who shares daughter Larose with Lauren, went on: ‘You remind me so much like your big sister, you’d have looked like little twins, Larose will always know how beautiful & strong you were. ‘I promise you I’ll look after your mummy & sister forever, just look over us all & keep me strong, show me signs that you’re up in heaven where you belong. I’m sorry it had to be this way but I know we’ll be together again some day. ‘This isn’t something I thought I’d ever have to write but I’m so proud to be your daddy, I’ll see you soon baby girl but for now sleep tight.’ In a statement, Lauren – whose ex-boyfriend Jake McLean was killed in a car crash last week – revealed little Lorena had died, with Lauren sharing she didn’t suffer any pregnancy or labour complications. The star revealed she is ‘broken’, as she shared a black and white photo of her holding onto Lorena’s hand, writing: ‘She was the most beautiful healthy baby I’ve ever seen just like her sister @babylarose.x … words can’t describe as a mother losing your baby that I carried for all these months perfectly and gave birth too for my angel to be taken from me.’ Lauren went on: ‘She was fine & healthy but I am not going into detail right now just know that there was nothing wrong with her or myself she was perfect I can’t understand it she is so so beautiful Larose twin so similar. ‘I am broken 💔 I am back home from hospital Me & Charlie spent as much time with our baby girl Lorena and I haven’t said my goodbye yet’. The star added: ‘Larose she is my rock that’s getting me through this or I wouldn’t survive… I will never ever get over this but I will learn how to live everyday with Lorena in my heart she will be with me always and I will be with her again one day … My 👼 Lorena I love you so much 💔.’ Lauren also appealed for privacy as she grieves and organises Lorena’s funeral, adding she ‘needs this time & with my baby girl’, adding in her stories: ‘My angel, I love you so much.’ Friends and followers of Lauren’s shared their condolences, with pregnant Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby writing: ‘Lauren f**king hell I’m devastated.’ Thousands of comments were left on Goodger’s Instagram post, including messages of condolence from fellow Towie cast members. Danielle Armstrong wrote: ‘Oh darling heartbroken for you sending you strength and love and hope your get the respect and privacy you need to grieve xxxx.’ Georgia Kousoulou commented: ‘I’m so so sorry Lauren, sending you so much love & strength right now.’ Amy Childs, who was also an original cast member on the show, wrote: ‘Sending you love Lauren xxxx.’ Things haven’t been easy for the reality star over the past year as she and partner Charles split shortly after the birth of Larose, but while they are no longer romantically together, both of them were on good terms and ready to co-parent. The reality star had previously admitted she was ‘scared’ about having a second child so close to her first but is loving being a ‘hands-on mum’. MORE : Lauren Goodger announces death of baby Lorena MORE : Lauren Goodger shares heartbreaking love song following death of ex-boyfriend Jake McLean 