Reality TV fans know they can rely on Love Island to bring all the drama they need, and this series has not disappointed. From Davide Sanclimenti calling Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu a ‘liar and an actress’ to Andrew Le Page confessing that he did in fact ‘lick [Coco’s] tit or whatever’, there have been ample explosions throughout the villa. But, much to our dismay, we only get an hour every night of watching what the islanders get up to, and there’s so much drama going on that producers have to pick and choose what makes the cut. As host Laura Whitmore has previously admitted on Twitter: ‘Not everything makes the show as a lot to fit into an hour , but everything always comes out… ;)’ And indeed it does… especially once the dumped islanders reveal what’s really been going down in the villa. So what exactly have we missed? One rumour that’s been going around is that Gemma Owen did actually tell Casa Amor bombshell Billy Brown that he could pull her for a chat. Michael Owen’s daughter has been defending herself against Luca Bish in recent episodes, after he caught Billy flirting with her during Movie Night exposed clips. While Gemma has convinced Luca that she hasn’t done anything wrong, a former islander revealed that Billy ‘misread’ the situation when Gemma entered Casa Amor. Samuel Agbiji, who was sent home after Casa Amor, spilled the beans on the official Love Island: The Morning After podcast, where he said: ‘When we first came into the Casa Amor villa, Billy told us, like two days in – but I feel like he misread it – he told us that Gemma literally walked up to him – because obviously they knew each other prior – and she made it known to all of us eventually. ‘But she walked up to him and said, “You know you can pull me for a chat if you want to.”’ Ex-islander Remi Lambert revealed he and Jacques O’Neill, who has since left the villa, shared some tension in the villa, claiming that they were involved ‘in a lot of arguments.’ Speaking alongside Afia Tonkmor on the podcast Reality with Will Njobvu, Remi reflected on why he felt a bit ‘deflated’ by his experience. He told the pair: ‘There was a lot of stuff that wasn’t aired, lots of stuff that went on,’ before being asked whether he was able to expand. Remi continued: ‘Basically, me and Jacques got into quite a lot of arguments, it made my experience s**t, it ruined it for me. ‘People were saying it was because he has a rugby persona, but you can’t treat anyone like that.’ When asked what happened, the model, 22, shared: ‘He was just trying to get on to me, being like “My name’s Remi, I’m hard, I’m from Manny [Manchester]”. ‘It was constant, it was so jarring, but I was the only one to stick up for myself, he would always do that to people. ‘I’d tell him to shut up. We just got into a lot of fights,’ he told Afia and Will. Continuing on from unaired arguments, Ikenna Ekwonna, who was one of the OG islanders this series, revealed that Ekin-Su and Davide actually argue way more than what we see. Speaking on Murad Merali’s podcast, the 23-year-old shared: ‘There weren’t any fallouts, just heated conversations. With Ekin-Su and Davide they only showed one argument but that whole argument was broken up into two or three on the same night. ‘There were two or three arguments, that were going back and forth, from the firepit to the daybeds to the little corner bit.’ When Murad asked: ‘So there’s a lot more than happened that we didn’t even see,’ Ikenna agreed, continuing: ‘We didn’t even know in there they kissed twice, that was mad. We only knew about the terrace kiss, we didn’t know that she crawled until after,’ speaking about Ekin-Su’s iconic moment of crawling onto the terrace so she could sneakily snog Jay Younger. Although this one may not have been an explosive row, it was actually the moment Love Island fans were desperately awaiting. That’s right, we’re talking about the islanders finding out that Gemma is the daughter of ex-footballer Michael Owen. On Aftersun with Laura Whitmore, Ikenna, sat beside fellow dumped islander Amber Beckford, admitted: ‘We didn’t really know until like the second or third day.’ He added: ‘I don’t think the girls knew, like the guys knew.’ Casa Amor bombshell Jazmine Nichol revealed she had a humongous row with Coco after confiding in her about her feelings for Andrew. While fans were convinced that Jazmine was ‘missing’ due to the lack of screen time, according to the star she was involved in a fiery love triangle between Coco and Andrew. During her interview on the Murad Merali podcast, she said: ‘He [Andrew] literally said my prayers have been answered, you’re the girl. ‘He kissed me and Cheyanne and said, “you are my top two,” Coco was never mentioned.’ However, as soon as Jazmine expressed her feelings for Andrew to her ‘close’ friend, she claimed that Coco, 27, shared a smooch with him minutes later. ‘I was shouting at Coco,’ she said. ‘I’m a girls girl through and through so if you disrespect me when I’ve let you in, it’s kind of like “why did you say I could trust you?”’ Jacques and Cheyanne grew closer in Casa Amor, but fans were left shocked when he ultimately chose to return to Paige Thorne in the recoupling. Cheyanne did get the chance to tell the truth to Paige, telling all the islanders: ‘I felt like I had a connection with someone. I suppose my version of a test is different to someone else’s,’ and adding that Jacques ‘said he can’t trust himself, shared a bed.’ However, far more went on between the pair that wasn’t actually aired. Speaking to Laura on Aftersun, when asked if she thought she would be chosen by Jacques, Cheyanne admitted: ‘Yeah, right up until last minute I was so confused with what he was going to do, and obviously there were parts that weren’t actually aired as well, like when we had a conversation. ‘[Jacques] kept saying to me “Oh, I’m dead stressed and everything” and he told me that I live closer to him so “it works better” and stuff like that.’ Cheyanne added: ‘The things that he was saying…obviously we really got along and he was such a nice guy, but I knew that like, I’d watched the show before I went in and I knew that Paige was really nice as well. I did say to him “I wouldn’t like to be in your position.”‘ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Billy Brown hints it’s over with Danica Taylor despite blossoming romance MORE : Jacques O’Neill admits he’s ‘missing the boys’ after branding Love Island ‘worst decision of my life’ 