We all go through a productivity slump every once in a while. Perhaps you’re feeling overwhelmed by your to-do list? Or maybe you’re lacking inspiration and drive to crack on with projects? During the summer months, when things get considerably warmer, it’s only natural for productivity to drop – as people prefer to spend their time out in the sunshine or on holiday, rather than tackling pressing tasks and projects. Thankfully, there are a few things you can do to get back to peak productivity. Mark Whittle, a productivity coach, entrepreneur and founder of the Take Flight podcast, has looked at some of the most successful people in the world and has put together four key things for maxisming potential. These are also known as the ‘four pillars of productivity.’ Below is everything to know about each one and how you can implement it in your daily life. Learning to plan and prioritise your work is vital for peak performance and productivity, says Mark. So every morning, identify your most important tasks for the day – the things that, no matter what, you need to finish by the end of the day. With this renewed focus every day on what’s important, it’s easier to create a meaningful to-do list. We all function (and therefore work) better at different times of the day – some of us are morning larks, while others are night owls. Getting to know these ‘peak productivity hours’ and scheduling your most important tasks around these times, when you have the most energy, is key to the productivity framework. Also, don’t forget about the ‘four quarters’ method, which involves breaking the day down into four separate segments – the morning (5am-9am), the late morning (10am-1pm), the afternoon (2pm-7pm) and the evening (from 7pm onwards). The idea is that if you don’t get everything done in one quarter, you have the others in the day to do it. Distractions – such as a buzzing phone, a chatty housemate or a reality TV show playing in the background – can be a huge downfall when it comes to productivity, as they will impact efficiency and focus. So creating a space free from distractions is key to upholding concentration for extended periods of time. It might be that you leave your phone in another room for an hour or two. Or tell your housemate, partner or family you need to be uninterrupted for an hour. The more disciplined you are with these potential distractions, the more you’ll get done. Our brains need regular breaks in order to stay focused for periods of time. Even highly-productive people can’t focus for eight hours straight. Take regular breaks – whether it’s having a cup of tea, going for a walk, or reading a book – to avoid draining energy levels. Even just a few minutes can make a real difference. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Could time-tracking change your life and make you more productive? I tried it out MORE : TikTok’s ‘four quarters’ method could boost your productivity and mental health – experts explains how MORE : How to free yourself from productivity guilt