David Harbour has revealed he shed over five and a half stone for Stranger Things season 4. The 47-year-old Jim Hopper actor appeared remarkably slimmer in the latest chapters of the beloved Netflix show, which saw his character taken prisoner in a Russian gulag while his on-screen partner Joyce (Winona Ryder) attempted to rescue him. Opening up on his gruelling diet that consisted of ‘not eating’, David said that shifting the pounds was a ‘hard process’. Speaking on Tuesday’s BBC Breakfast he shared: ‘It’s not easy, it’s a lot of not eating when you lose that much weight, and being hungry.’ He then jokingly added: ‘That’s the secret, if you’re curious about the diet secret, it’s just not eating food.’ David, who spoke to presenters Sally Nugent and Jon Kay from the set of London’s Ambassadors Theatre, where he is currently starring in the play Mad House, disclosed that he lost just over 5.7 stone (80 pounds) as a result. ‘You know at the end of season three I was about 270 pounds and then when we came into this season, I was 190,’ he said. David’s weight loss revelation comes after he blew Stranger Things fans’ minds with the bombshell that the sword Hopper used to kill the Demogorgan was the actual sword used in both Conan films. In the epic blockbuster season 4 volume 2 finale, Hopper slays the monster that massacred pretty much everyone in the Russian prison using Arnold Schwarzenegger’s actual weapon, subsequently weakening Vecna and helping to save the planet from his takeover. Sharing a picture of the moment on Instagram, as well as a picture of Arnie clutching onto the iconic weaponry, he wrote: ‘Nerd alert. The prop at the end of episode 9 is the Atlantean sword from the CONAN films. ‘A lovely fan found a still of when it was established in ep 7 and used by an unlucky inmate who met an untimely death near the cells at the side of our gladiatorial pit.‘The real excitement behind this however, is that the sword the incredible ST props department (reveal yourselves guys so I can credit you) gave me is THE ACTUAL SWORD used in the filming of both CONAN films. ‘It was heavy as hell, and such a tremendous honor to wield. @schwarzenegger – ready to accept your notes on my technique.’ Stranger Things season four wrapped up with death and destruction, leading us nicely up to the finale season five. But we’ve still got quite the wait yet… Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 