Looking for a way to turn up the heat and cool off at the same time? Well, taking a bath with the Waterslyde sex toy might be just the thing. The function is simple: it doesn’t need batteries, electricity or lube – just the tap on your bath. And the idea is that it helps angle the stream of water in a way that makes bath time a lot more fun. It’s hygienic – thanks to the pure H2O of it all – and you can use it hands-free or hands-on, depending on what you prefer. Rachel Worthington, a sex expert at Bedbible, is of the opinion that the toy’s success is a no-brainer. She said: ‘I don’t think it’s any surprise that the Waterslyde has become so virally successful. Using a removable shower head for self-pleasure is one of the most common ways out there, and is so many people’s first exposure to masturbation. ‘Unlike using your fingers, it’s much less work while providing intense stimulation (not to mention more hygienic). ‘Another option is to scoot your butt down to the end of the tub and position yourself under the faucet, but the Waterslyde makes that way easier. Diverting water down from the faucet to the middle of the bathtub provides a much more comfortable way to enjoy the same slippery sensation on your clitoris and vulva. ‘It’s incredibly simple, yet is an instant upgrade for those who want to try out some aquatic play.’ The toy first started gaining traction on TikTok last summer, with what seems like the first clip posted on the brand’s page back in early July 2021 earning an impressive 23,800 likes. That appears to be the first video they posted, and others have gone on to gain up to get as many as 34,000,000 views and millions of likes, so it’s clear the brand is onto something. And the hype is still high, with a video posted this July having earned nearly 50,000 likes. Since you can use the Waterslyde hands-free, it’s particularly handy for use with a partner. Rachel also said that the toy could make for a great opportunity for some watery solo self-exploration. ‘For many people,’ she said, ‘the bathroom is a safe and private place for self-pleasure. ‘Even if you don’t own a Waterslyde, I would recommend trying out masturbating in the bath or shower. You could bring a waterproof sex toy with you, or just explore with your fingers and the water.’ So are there any cons for all these pros? ‘The one minor thing I would say about the Waterslyde is that the ribbon fastening doesn’t look like it would hold the product onto your facet that securely,’ Rachel points out. ‘However, this could easily be fixed by using some tape, Velcro or other fastenings.’ This isn’t the first time we’ve written about the now-viral Waterslyde. Back in 2015, creator Maureen Pollack spoke about balancing her Orthodox Jewish religion with her career as a sex toy inventor. She said: ‘I actually went to my rabbi to ask if what I was doing was permissible, if it was tznius (modest) enough. ‘I learned that something you can use with your husband is absolutely fine. The beauty of the WaterSlyde is that it stimulates you and makes you ready to be with your spouse.’ Interested? Buy a Waterslyde in one of three colours from Lovability for $35 (£29.15). This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : This new vibrator is bending all the rules for sex toys – and it has multiple uses MORE : Meet Maude, the Dakota Johnson backed sex toy brand that’s now in the UK MORE : Woman buys husband a ‘lookalike’ sex doll – after struggling to keep up with his high libido