More than 550,000 passport applications were stuck waiting to be processed at the end of last, MPs have been told. And the renewal misery could well continue until the end of the year, potentially leaving some would-be travellers in danger of missing out on their holidays. HM Passport Office director Thomas Greig admitted turnaround times may not return to normal for another ‘few months’ at least. He was accused of overseeing ‘completely unacceptable’ waits and ‘failing miserably’. The Commons Home Affairs Committee was told that it is still taking around 10 weeks to process 10% (around 55,000) of applications instead of the standard three weeks. When asked by MPs yesterday when the situation could change, and if the wait time would return to three weeks by the end of the year, Mr Greig conceded: ‘I don’t think I can guarantee that.’ But he also stressed demand for passports had fallen ‘significantly’ in the last few weeks. In a brutal hearing, committee chairman Dame Diana Johnson told him: ‘This is not rocket science … It just seems to me this is a complete failure if you were looking at this from last July, and we’re still now, 12 months on, with all these people not being able to get their passports. ‘Why is that? Why have you failed so miserably?’ Travel journalist Simon Calder added that in the 21st century it was ‘extremely regrettable’ that people cannot ‘even get as far as the airport’. Mr Greig said that more staff had been hired and the department has ‘produced more passports than we ever have’. The passport problems come amid ongoing chaos for the transport sector, with passenger seeing huge delays, cancellations, and lost luggage. On average, the passport office deals with around seven million applications a year, but in 2022 it is expected to process a record 9.5 million. Around 250,000 passports are processed per week, with five million dealt with so far this year – which is more than the entire amount handled in 2021, Mr Greig said. The uptick is likely to be partly to do with limited travel taking place during the Covid crisis. MPs also raised concerns about long waits for helpline calls to be answered – and heard that part of the passport office’s service was suspended during the heatwave earlier this week. Ms Johnson blasted contractors Teleperformance for failing to appear in front of the committee to answer questions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Flight caps at Heathrow Airport could last until after October half term