Dating a Cancer? There are some things you need to know to make this relationship a success. Cancer is the fourth sign of the zodiac, a cardinal sign (born at the start of a season), a Water sign (ruled by the emotive element of water), and governed by the Moon (moody, secretive, mystical). Cancer’s astrological symbol is the crab. A highly self-protective character who avoids conflict and head-on collisions (preferring to scuttle sideways around things, like a crab). This behaviour is because Cancer is probably (aside from Pisces) the most sensitive and emotional star sign, they feel everything deeply and are moved by others’ distress and pain. So, guarded. A harder shell with a soft and gooey middle. Here’s your guide to getting to know this star sign – and winning their hearts. Cancers are enigmatic, charismatic, moody (those lunar vibes make them a little bit crazy), and charming. They make wonderful friends and partners because they are supremely loyal and steadfast to those they love. They would kill for love (and hate…) and will support, listen to, protect, and nurture you more than any other sign. That said, they expect quite a bit back in return. They can be jealous, demanding, attention-seeking and self-pitying. They will use any ruse going to command and keep your attention and affection. Cancerians are also extremely emotionally intelligent. They get other people, they see what lies beneath, they know all the secrets and get all the tea spilled to them. People just tell them stuff. Without them even probing for it. They exude empathy and discretion, and, to be fair, they are good at keeping secrets. In fact, they hoard them. Which brings me onto another thing… Cancers are hoarders- materially, physically, and emotionally. They don’t let go easily (those crabby claws cling tightly to what they prize). This means most Cancers will some low-key feuds ongoing, and a still-warm store of exes in their cupboard, so to speak. No one ever really, fully escapes a Cancerian ex! Mostly this will be just friendly, but they are highly sexual people so things can quickly tip into flirting and more. They just love to be loved and admired. Cancers don’t judge, they don’t blab, they don’t go looking for trouble or stress. They are intuitive, emotive, passionate, and loving people. Just don’t cross one, okay. Cancerians will put up with quite a lot, if they love you, because they are forgiving (until they’re not…) and want things to work out. They give out second chances pretty readily. That said, if you’re consistently not giving them your undivided and most loving attention, over a long period of time, you can pretty much bet they’ll be seeking their love fix elsewhere. They need to feel loved, adored, taken care of, and prized. If not, that addiction to love will drive them to find it someplace else. Cancerians are incredibly romantic and fascinated with all manner of passionate talk, commitments, intimate secrets, lifelong promises, and declarations of everlasting love. It never gets corny to them, as long as it’s not said insincerely. They thrive on extreme relationships, ‘us against the world’ scenarios, all-in sexual infatuations, and secret affairs. The more ‘out there’ the better. They will make you feel like the most desired and appreciated person on the planet (as long as they’re into you, that is), which is no bad thing, right? Other Water signs – so fellow Cancers, as well as Scorpio and Cancer. Water signs are the emotional, intuitive, intense, knowing and secretive clan of the zodiac and perhaps only a Water sign can truly understand the depths and layers of another Water sign. Cancer’s opposite sign (the sign they’re magnetised by in love) is Capricorn. This pair have a total opposites attract energy. Capricorn is stoic, practical and materialistic and Cancer is highly strung, creative and emotive. They fascinate each other and, together, can create a powerful force of action driven by imagination. A passionate, giving, attentive, adoring and ride-or-die partner in life who will put your relationship first, above anything and anyone else in their (although they will expect the same of you…). A healthy, adventurous, and passionate sex life. A happy, cosy, nurturing home filled with love, laughter, pets, children, fun and creative touches. Home will be like a sanctuary away from the world, your private kingdom. Your relationship is unlikely to get stale or same-y, because Cancer appreciates the details and small touches and likes to keep things interesting. Their moods alone will keep you on your toes. A loving and lovely partner, slightly crazy, a bit jealous, but adorable all the same. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 12 signs you’re dating a player – and how to handle their games MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : All the key astrological dates in July – and what they mean for you