Dogs are important members of any family. We form serious connections with our pets meaning it is always so hard to let them go. And now an owner has gone viral with a moving video depicting her final hours with her dog before he was put down. Ellie Buckler, 21, from Blackpool, wanted to give Baxter the Shar Pei a send-off to remember. The loving owner arranged for the pooch to enjoy special treats including chocolate, McDonald’s and a cup of tea. ‘He was 12 years old, he had started to really struggle with walking and struggled to breath too,’ Ellie explained in the caption of her TikTok video. ‘He was on lots of painkillers and it wasn’t fair to watch him suffer anymore, it would have been selfish of us to let him carry on in that state. ‘He had never eaten a McDs [McDonald’s] or choc before. ‘The past few months he’s only been able to have dry food so we thought we’d let him have all the nice things.’ Ellie added that making the decision to put him down was the ‘hardest decision of their lives but the kindest thing to do’. Baxter’s day started with his first McDonald’s breakfast followed by a slow walk to the shop to buy a packet of ham. Ellie gave her beloved dog with many hugs and cuddles as he relaxed on the floor. He was also treated to a bite of chocolate and a few sips of tea before the family had to say goodbye. Ellie’s emotional post was met with an outpouring of support from viewers. One wrote: ‘It’s horrible when you lose your dog, when I think about mine now I still have a tear in my eye hope you’re alright.’ Another said: ‘Wow this broke my heart. I lost one of my pugs a week ago and still struggling now.’ A third added: ‘I’m dreading the day this happens to me my dog is my world.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman reveals hack to get rid of calluses using limes MORE : What to do if you find a stray dog – tips from the RSPCA MORE : Carer sacked for drawing dog’s whiskers, ears and nose on woman’s face