Those summer holidays… an opportunity to make magic and have a heavenly time or, for some, the prospect of hell on earth. Help make things veer more towards the magic if you’re at home with a gaggle of kids by thinking about what activities will play best to their personalities. Your child’s star sign is a major guide to what they will enjoy doing and can immerse themselves in (giving you a chance to relax this summertime too). Here’s what each sign should get up to this summer. March 21 to April 20 Your bossy, loving, imaginative, competitive, adventurous Aries child has probably already proven themselves to be a handful. Aries can get themselves into trouble, scrapes, A&E departments, and danger like no other sign. Tiring them out is important! They also love competition, they are natural winners, and love to pit themselves against others. Sign them up for team games, sports, challenges, contests, and competitions like they were going out of fashion. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your stubborn, affectionate, logical, and stoic little Taurean actually has a (maybe not so secret) passion for music. Most Taureans, being ruled by Venus, love to sing, make music, write lyrics, or just be around beautiful sounds. Whatever opportunities there are locally for your Venus baby to get involved in making music, listening to music (maybe even just having an afternoon on the sofa with the headphones on), help them discover this magical world. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Your curious, communicative, clever little Gemini needs lots of mental stimulus to keep their busy, active, whirring mind occupied. Boredom is the enemy. Stock up on books, games, writing paper, drawing equipment, friendship dates, days out, new shows, puzzles and challenges. Words are a Gemini’s favourite tool and they all love reading and writing. Make sure they’re joined up at the library and perhaps set them a summer reading or writing challenge (with a good prize). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Your emotional, sensitive, imaginative, and loving Cancer child needs lots of company, attention and affection this summer. They are super sensitive and super loving, they want your undivided care. Cancerians also love making memories, so perhaps buy them a blank album to fill with pictures, photos, drawings, and mementoes of their summer. They love history and real-life stories too. Take them to your local museums and heritage sites. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Your sunny, playful, jolly, bossy little Leo is a natural leader and teacher. Put them in charge of other children to truly occupy their time usefully and draw out this innate trait. Let them be boss (or at least think that they are…). Leos also love spending and splurging. Help them save up some money and take them on a spree to buy themselves great games or toys to pass the summer days (when they’re not busy leading the other kids around, that is). All Leos love drama too, so signing them up for a singing, dancing or acting workshop will put a smile on their face. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Your alert, quick, helpful, shy Virgo kiddo loves to be useful, feel valued and like they are a part of the family and household machine. Put them to work this summer to earn money through chores. I guarantee whatever tasks you set them will be completed diligently and well, maybe even better than you could do yourself. They also love puzzles, games, adventures – an Escape Room would make a great treat. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Your clever, diplomatic, charming, beautiful Libra child loves to take their time, stop and smell the roses, lounge around and surround themselves with pleasing, beautiful things and people. A Venus-ruled child knows a good aesthetic. Shopping trips for nice clothes? Yes please. Lie ins? Every day, thank you. Redecorating or theming their bedroom? Of course. Make their world relaxing and pretty. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Your tough, daredevil, brave and confident Scorpio darling loves to test boundaries, seek new challenges and explore where others would fear to tread. They know what they want (so cut to the chase, ask them, and try to make it happen!). Stuff which is thrilling, exciting, maybe a bit scary, grown up will appeal – be that adventure trekking, theme parking, ghost hunting or white water rafting. Let them go white knuckle! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Your happy, reckless, playful, social and lucky lil Sagittarian will probably absolutely adore animals and nature. Being outdoors, running wild, having their own space to explore. These are all faves for the nature-loving Sag. Camping always makes them smile, or even just having a lil tent in the garden as their Summer HQ. Any activity involving animals will also tick the boxes. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Your serious, reliable, smart, knowing, and earnest little Capricorn is the hardest worker in the room. Make sure, this summer, you celebrate and reward them for all of their achievements and progress in the year just gone. They love money. They like earning and being ‘adult’. Help them earn their pocket money, or even create a little business or enterprise, that will help them practice their business skills. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Your truthful, imaginative, science-obsessed, wacky Aquarian kiddo loves technology, space, engineering, science experiments and invention. Get them signed up to a workshop, course, podcast or programme that helps them learn and practice new skills and maybe even try to invent something you can use at home! Take them to museums. Get them a new gadget. Tech always makes them smile. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Your dreamy, peaceful, imaginative, kind, sensitive Pisces child loves the world of fantasy, playing dress up, acting out stories or plays, creating imaginary games. Create space and props at home to help their imagination run wild and create their own little kingdom of fantasy and enchantment. A hideaway, a den, a secret door, a base camp, a tree house… anything they can adapt and decorate and use to entertain their many friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : An air steward shares five top tips for flying with children this summer MORE : Exhausted, overworked and still broke: How the childcare crisis is bringing parents to their knees MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you