A woman had her £2,000 engagement ring cut off by firefighters when it got stuck and made her finger turn purple a day after her fiancé proposed. Periesa Oromé, 30, panicked when she couldn’t slip off the ring the morning after her partner, Willis Oromé, 28, popped the question at a restaurant. The wedding and event designer spent an hour trying to remove the emerald cut ring with soap, ice and a thread hack she found on YouTube – but nothing worked. When her fingers started swelling and going numb, the couple rushed to their local fire station for help after being advised to by the jeweller. The firefighters had to carefully cut the ring off with emergency ring cutter plyers. Periesa, of Beckenham, south east London, said: ‘I had to phone to say I would be late to work as my ring was stuck which was a funny way of my colleagues finding out I was engaged.’ Luckily the ring was able to be resized at no extra cost and the couple got married in October 2019- with their big day going without a hitch. Periesa added: ‘I woke up in the morning and I just couldn’t pull the ring off. ‘It got worse and worse as I tried to yank it off. ‘But it didn’t take long for the whole thing to become funny – and the firefighters were laughing too. ‘Willis had tried to measure my ring size from an old ring against his pinky finger as he wanted the proposal to be a surprise. ‘But it didn’t quite go to plan.’ Willis said: ‘I was convinced I got the right size. ‘I just found it funny when it got stuck. ‘It was a little worrying when her finger turned purple but thankfully it was all OK.’ Periesa and Willis met as friends at church, but both secretly liked each other for a year, before Willis finally plucked up the courage to send her flowers. Despite superstitious comments indicating the incident means they shouldn’t get married, the couple wed in an intimate ceremony. ‘It was an incredible day, and nothing went wrong,’ Periesa added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.