Tomorrow’s live television debate between Conservative Party leadership candidates has been cancelled. Two of the ​three hopefuls leading in the MPs ballots – Rishi Sunak and Liz Truss – confirmed to Sky News that they did not wish to take part. A statement from the broadcaster read: ‘Tuesday evening’s live television debate on Sky News between the Conservative Party leadership candidates has been cancelled. ‘Conservative MPs are said to be concerned about the damage the debates are doing to the image of the Conservative Party, exposing disagreements and splits within the party. ‘Both are very welcome to taking part in future Sky News televised debates.’ Liberal Democrat leader Ed Davey said in a statement: ‘The Conservatives say they want to lead but they won’t even turn up to debate the issues that matter to our country. ‘Each of them are treating the nation with utter contempt and they’ve been taking people for granted for long enough.’ Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner said: ‘This Conservative “leadership” contest is so scarily embarrassing they’ve pulled out of the debate – so you can’t see them fighting like rats in a sack.’ This morning, a source close to Ms Truss told HuffPost UK: ‘It is not the right time to be doing more debates when this part of the contest only has 358 voters. The broadcasters should stop squabbling amongst themselves. ‘With more than a dozen hustings already having taken place the voters in this part of the contest have more than had the opportunity to see the contestants.’ Tomorrow’s Sky News debate had been scheduled for 8pm and was to be hosted by Kay Burley. A virtual audience had been poised to put questions to the Tory hopefuls following tonight’s ballots from those within the party. Sky News had said the debate would present ‘a unique opportunity to re-engage a disillusioned electorate.’ Responding to the news, Penny Mordaunt’s campaign team branded the news a ‘a shame.’ In a statement, the team said: ‘It’s a shame some colleagues cannot find a way to debate one another in a civil way. ‘Throughout this contest she has never dodged media or shied away from broadcast interviews and debates – people deserve to hear from their leaders.’ Leadership hopefuls have previously clashed during live debates on ITV and Channel 4. Last night’s headed discussion, broadcast live by ITV, surrounded issues such as Ms Truss’s past as a Liberal Democrat, Tom Tugendhat’s time in the army and Kemi Badenoch’s stance on trans rights. The latest ballot of Tory MPs will be announced at 8pm tonight. It will reveal who of Mr Sunak, Ms Truss, Ms Mordaunt, Ms Badenoch and Mr Tugendhat will reach the next stage in the battle to become prime minister. The new leader of the Conservatives will be announced on September 5 and the winner is expected to become prime minister the following day. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.