If there’s one thing the Love Island villa is never short of it’s interesting conversations, and viewers were left in hysterics when the girls started discussing the royal family. Of course, Islanders need to find ways to pass the time somehow, which can often lead to them talking about the most random topics, from politics to aliens. Saturday night saw Indiyah Polack, Danica Taylor and Summer Botwe engrossed in chat about Queen Elizabeth and her relatives, with Danica in particular baffling everyone at home by claiming she ‘doesn’t know’ who Princess Anne is. Lounging on the beanbags by the pool, Indiyah began: ‘Imagine the Queen having like, a girls’ holiday’, before Danica chipped in: ‘Imagine the Queen in a bikini’. Yep, boredom has definitely sunk in! ‘It’s mad how she’s never had like, a girls’ holiday or gone to ibiza,’ they continued. ‘They just go to Sandringham’, Summer added, explaining that it’s ‘one of their houses’ when Indiyah asked where it is. ‘So, her children are Charles and Princess Anne, right?’, Summer asked. ‘Ain’t Princess Anne her sister?’, Indiyah responded, with a confused expression. ‘No, she had a son and a daughter, it must be Princess Anne, because she’s a princess and she’s not as old’, said Summer. ‘I’ve never heard of Princess Anne’, Danica chimed in. ‘I know Prince Charles is the one who looks a little bit stale’. The trio went on to discuss who is next in line to the throne, figuring out that it’ll be Prince Charles at the helm after Her Majesty. ‘He’s not gonna be long on the throne because of how old he is’, Summer said, with Indiyah suggesting: ‘He might just pass it down to William’. She added that she ‘doesn’t want a King’, with the penny then dropping that we will ‘never have a Queen again’ in our lifetimes, since Prince George follows William in the line of succession. ‘Long live the Queen’, hailed Danica. Viewers were in stitches as the exchanged unfolded on their screens, in disbelief that 21-year-old dancer Danica didn’t know who the Queen’s daughter is. At least we can always rely on the villa for meme-worth chats! Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Who? Ekin with 1,000,000 followers! Love Islander becomes first star to hit milestone MORE : Love Island’s Dr Alex George pays tribute to late brother on second anniversary of his death: ‘I wish this was all a nightmare and I’d wake up’ 