Love Island will come to an end on Monday night, with just one couple set to bag the £50,000 cash prize. Fans have become very attached to the remaining five pairings, but with just one able to take home the money, it seems like a tight race to the finish line. All the couples have suffered from ups and downs throughout the process, but all enjoyed getting to go on their final mega dates during Thursday and Friday’s episodes. While Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page have been together since the beginning, there are some other incredibly strong duos left in the Villa. Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope are the other couple who have officially become boyfriend and girlfriend, after a steamy night in the Hideaway earlier this month. Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti made their romance exclusive over a very tasty-looking tiramisu while dropping the L-bomb for the first time this week. Gemma Owen and Luca Bish have only had eyes for each other since the early days of the process, but have faced some intense clashes in recent days, which have seen them fall slightly out of favour. Lastly, Adam Collard coupled up with Paige Thorne after she ended her romance with Jacques O’Neill. The pair seem smitten with each other, despite fans worried about the former contestant’s behaviour as he returned to the Villa. But who will end up winning on Monday night? Here are the latest odds. Ekin-Su and Davide are the hot favourites to be this year’s winning couple on Love Island as anticipation builds ahead of Monday’s final. The pair have thrilled fans with their whirlwind romance, which have seem them develop a very solid bond, sharing their love for each other on Thursday night’s romantic date. According to bookmakers Betfair, they are now at 1/8 odds and only a huge upset will prevent them walking away with the £50,000 cash prize on Monday. Their closest rivals in the betting are Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri at 9/1, who have also charmed fans over the course of the season and were the first to officially become boyfriend and girlfriend. Adam and Paige are close behind at 10/1, with Luca and Gemma also at 10/1. Meanwhile, it’s Dami and Indiyah trailing behind at 14/1 odds, but after becoming the only pairing not to pick up any votes from their fellow islanders doubting their compatibility, it seems everything is still to play for. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Molly-Mae Hague questions why Gemma Owen and Luca Bish’s ‘love language’ is ‘acting like they hate each other’ MORE : Love Island: When might the Meet The Parents episode air? 