Vladimir Putin’s trip to Iran may have been to arrange a hideout in the event he is forced to flee Russia, his former speechwriter claims. The tyrant arrived in Tehran yesterday in his second international trip since invading Ukraine in February. He met Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi, and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. He also met with Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei. Ending a huge blockade of grain exports from Ukraine’s ports was on the agenda, along with the future of Syria, and Putin’s bid for an anti-western coalition. But ex-speech writer Abbas Gallyamov – now living abroad – suggested that there was a secret motive for the visit. He said Putin may have been there to agree an asylum deal for himself, his family and inner circle if the war, and economic misery in Russia, turns to revolution. ‘When thinking about why Putin went to Iran, keep in mind that this country is by far the best refuge for him to evacuate to – if Russia gets really hot,’ said Dr Gallyamov. ‘The Russian President is certainly a cautious person and cannot help thinking about an alternative airfield. ‘Iran has every chance of being for the Russian ruling class something like Argentina was for the Nazis. ‘Or Rostov [in Russia] for the Yanukovych gang.’ This refers to the sanctuary given to ex-president of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, after he was ousted in 2014. Dr Gallyamov added: ‘True, the ayatollahs may demand [Putin and his cronies] convert to Islam, but can this be a problem for real Russian patriots? ‘After all, the main thing for them is not democracy and not human rights.’ Putin has admitted Western sanctions are causing his country severe problems, and his forces have suffered huge losses in the war he started in Ukraine. However, there are few major signs of mass dissent in the country, and he claims he is successfully reducing Russian dependency on the West. Dr Gallyamov, 50, is a political scientist who headed Putin’s speechwriting team when he was prime minister between 2008-10. He was nicknamed the ‘Kremlin speechwriter’, and is now based in Israel. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.