Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy enjoyed a light-hearted moment ahead of the start of The Open on Monday with the Northern Irishman forced to take evasive action while he was honing his putting stroke. McIlroy was quietly minding his own business and lining up a putt on the St Andrews’ practice green when his great friend Woods interrupted his concentrating by knocking his own ball across the surface. The 33-year-old hopped out of one wayward ball before realising Woods was the perpetrator and sharing a joke with the American legend who will be teeing it up this week. McIlroy, meanwhile, revealed his confidence levels are as high as they have been for years ahead of the 150th Open Championship. The four-time major winner lifted the Claret Jug in 2014 and won his fourth major title in the US PGA a month later, but has not won one of the game’s biggest titles since. ‘I’m playing well, my form is good and my confidence is as high as it has been for a while,’ McIlroy said in his pre-tournament press conference. ‘I can’t come here thinking it might be my turn (to win another major) but I’m happy with where everything is at. ‘I can’t get ahead of myself, I just have to get in the right frame of mind for Thursday morning.’ McIlroy believes winning an Open Championship at St Andrews is golf’s version of the Holy Grail. Augusta National co-founder and three-time Open champion Bobby Jones famously said that a player’s career would not be complete without lifting the Claret Jug on the Old Course. And while McIlroy is not sure that is strictly true, the world number two is well aware of the significance of winning the oldest major title at the Home of Golf. ‘I don’t know if a golfer’s career isn’t complete if you don’t, but I think it’s the Holy Grail of our sport,’ McIlroy said. ‘Not a lot of people are going to get that opportunity to achieve that, but that’s what winning an Open at St Andrews is. It’s one of the highest achievements that you can have in golf. ‘There’s a lot of great players that have won Opens and maybe not won Opens at St Andrews, so I think it’s unfair to say that a golfer’s career isn’t complete without that. ‘But it’s certainly up there with one of the greatest things you can do in our game.’ MORE : Tiger Woods declined $1billion offer to join golf’s Saudi-backed rebel series MORE : Phil Mickelson risking lifetime PGA tour ban by signing up to play in Saudi-backed event For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 