Rachel Stevens has revealed she and her husband Alex Bourne have made the ‘difficult decision’ to end their marriage. The former S Club 7 star, 44, took to her Instagram story to share the news with her followers, writing: ‘I just wanted to share with you all that after time and consideration the difficult decision has been made for Alex and I to separate. ‘While we are no longer partners in marriage, we will remain partners in parenthood to our beautiful girls and continue with love and respect for each other. ‘I feel so incredibly grateful for the life we built together and will now continue to be focused on moving forward united as a family.’ Rachel and Alex were due to celebrate their 13th wedding anniversary, having married at Claridge’s in London in August 2009. The couple had been childhood sweethearts but reunited later in life and share two children, 11-year-old Amelie and Minnie, eight. Rachel recently revealed on Roxie Nafousi’s The Moments That Made Me podcast: ‘We were childhood sweethearts. We went out with each other when we were 12, we met at youth club and I was besotted with him! ‘We went out for probably about four weeks and when you’re that age that was a really long time!’ She added: ‘We then went on dates again when we were like 16 and then again when we were 18 and then we parted ways, you know, obviously I went off and did my thing he went off and did his thing. ‘Years and years later, I was in Selfridges randomly and he walked in and we bumped into each other. We were both in our late 20s and weirdly he said as he was walking in, “I know I’m going to see you,” he knew he was going to see me…’ The couple’s wedding had been attended by her S Club 7 bandmates Bradley McIntosh, Hannah Spearritt, Jo O’Meara, Jon Lee, Paul Cattermole and Tina Barrett, and the couple walked down the aisle to the band’s hit Never Had A Dream Come True. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Charlie Radnedge and Antigoni Buxton get dumped from the villa by their co-stars in brutal decision MORE : Cameron Diaz’s husband Benji Madden ‘encouraged her to un-retire’ ahead of shock return 