Five people have been arrested after Just Stop Oil protests on the M25, in response to the extreme heat in the UK. Activists scaled overhead signs in three places, forcing police to close sections of the road. Urging immediate action on climate change, the demonstration sparked nine-mile tailbacks on the motorway, including at junction 10 eastbound near Cobham, Surrey. Queues were stretching at least nine miles and causing delays of at least an hour earlier this morning. Just Stop Oil are hitting out at the Government’s ‘inadequate preparations’ for the environmental crisis after the UK’s record temperature was obliterated yesterday. Surrey Police said a 22-year-old woman from London had been arrested on suspicion of causing a danger to road users, causing a public nuisance, and for being a pedestrian on the motorway. A spokesperson said: ‘Officers were called just after 7am this morning following reports of a protest on the M25 just past junction 10 of the anti-clockwise carriageway. ‘Officers attended the scene and located a female protester sitting on top of a gantry over the motorway. ‘Three lanes needed to be closed while we worked to safely remove the woman, which involved a specialist team trained in dealing with incidents at height. ‘We appreciate this caused significant disruption this morning and want to thank drivers for their patience while we dealt with the incident.’ Police said all lanes had since been reopened on this part of the M25. Essex Police also said a woman had been arrested. Later, Metropolitan Police officers arrested a further three people – two women and a man – on suspicion of causing a public nuisance. Just Stop Oil’s protest comes after fire services faced their busiest day since the Blitz as London burned and devastating wildfires broke out across the country. At least one activist had climbed the gantry supporting overhead motorway information signs earlier. The environmental protest group said more members are on their way, as part of planned action between Wednesday and Friday. A spokesperson explained: ‘The main thing is, we’ve just seen 40-degree temperatures, which have been predicted for decades, maybe it’s happening a bit faster, but it has just revealed how inadequate the Government’s preparations for climate change are and their entire policy, and basically, we’re just saying, it’s evident now we cannot continue.’ The group are demanding the Government make a ‘meaningful statement’ that they will commit to stop licensing and consents for the exploration, development and production of fossil fuels in the UK, which they say is ‘the necessary first step to ensuring a liveable future.’ ‘We need to stop new oil. It’s the first step to ensuring we have a liveable future, and maybe it’s already too late. ‘This is something we definitely need to do.’ A travel alert from Highways England on Twitter warned: ‘There are delays of over an hour on the M25 anti-clockwise in Surrey due to an ongoing Surrey Police led incident within J10 (for A3, Guildford). 3 lanes (of 4) are currently closed. ‘If this incident impacts on your planned route, please allow extra journey time as there is over nine miles of congestion on approach. Plan ahead, you may wish to re-route or even delay your journey.’ Meanwhile, the heat has caused major transport disruption to train services continuing today and has even melted some roads. A statement said: ‘Officers are dealing with a protester on a gantry on the M25 just past junction 10 of the anti-clockwise carriageway this morning, and three lanes are currently closed. ‘We hope to have the area cleared as soon as possible and will keep you informed of further updates via our social media channels. ‘In the meantime motorists should avoid the area.’ Just Stop Oil says its activists are planning to hold further actions against oil infrastructure in coalition with trade unions, environmental groups and civil society organisations in the coming months. The group chose the M25 because it is ‘the place where we confront the carbon economy headlong and bring our resistance into full public view.’ It added: ‘The M25 has a kind of iconic status as the motorway from hell, doesn’t it? So it’s a reference to that’. Temperatures reached 40°C in the UK for the first time ever yesterday, with major incidents being declared by various fire services nationwide. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Record-breaking 40°C heat ‘virtually impossible’ in UK without climate change