The battle between Nathalia Campos and Ekin-Su Culculoglu over Davide Sanclimenti is reaching a whole new level tonight, as the girls are going head to head in a pancake challenge. Because if there was ever a way for a Brazilian influencer and Turkish soap-star to win over the Italian stallion, it would be through breakfast, right? Ekin-Su tells Nathalia: ‘Do you know what I’ve learnt my love, the best way to end an argument is cooking, so you can prove to me with your pancakes my love, to see how good you are.’ Nathalia responds: ‘I don’t need to prove anything babe, honestly who are you for me to prove anything?’ Ekin-Su sassily answers: ‘I am Ekin-Su babe and there’s only one of me.‘ Nathalia questions again: ‘Who is that to me? Who is that to me though, Ekin-who..?’ The conversation ends with Luca Bish making the big announcement to the villa. ‘It ends in the kitchen, tomorrow morning, be there, Turkey versus Brazil’, he says with Nathalia laughing as she adds: ‘The battle of the pancakes.’ The conflict between the pair has seemed to be brewing ever since the bombshell entered the villa, and beelined straight for Davide, making her flirty intentions crystal clear – much to the rage of Ekin-Su, whose relationship with him has only grown stronger in recent weeks. Last night’s teaser promised a little bit more drama, as a short clip showed Nathalia quizzing Ekin on whether she had an ‘issue’ with her. ‘I don’t have an issue with you, maybe you have an issue with yourself’, Nathalie retorted. It’s pretty clear whose side viewers are on, after many already branded the bombshell ‘sly’ for lecturing Davide on the importance of ‘trust’ in a relationship, clearly aware of his rocky history with Ekin. The Ekin-Su Defence League were out in full force on Twitter, with one viewer writing: ‘Dear Nathalia, do NOT come for the queen of Love Island.’ One added that Nathalia ‘needs to simmer down’, while others encouraged Ekin to ‘put her in her place’. However, others said that Ekin seemed ‘jealous’ and ‘intimidated’ by Nathalia, while some are sad that she entered so late as a bombshell, rather than as one of the original Islanders. Davide was nowhere to be seen in the teaser, as the girls were gathered around the bar, having drinks – no doubt he was just sitting back, watching the whole thing unfold in true Davide style. But all eyes will turn to him when he has to pick which of the two women win the cook-off. Who will score the way to his heart as Davide blind tastes both breakfasts? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Episodes are available the following morning on BritBox. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Cave thanks Love Island star Luca Bish’s parents for ‘kindness’ after son Arthur’s death: ‘They’re as good as people get’ MORE : ‘They rated me a 4 out of 10’: Love Island’s Coco Lodge claims boys made ‘sexist’ remarks when cameras stopped rolling 