Ferrari driver Charles Leclerc crashed out of the French Grand Prix while leading the race. Leclerc had led the race from pole, successfully holding off Max Verstappen in the opening stages, but on lap 18 he spun off into the barriers at 100mph, bringing out the safety car. Over the team radio, the Monegasque driver said he was uninjured but screamed in frustration. It is not clear what caused the crash, as while replays showed that his tyres were beginning to wear severely under the heat and humidity at the Circuit Paul Ricard, a message on the radio suggested his throttle pedal had jammed. Leclerc reported a similar issue at the last race in Austria which nearly cost him the victory. ‘Mistake. I am performing at the highest level of my career but if I keep the mistakes then it is pointless,’ he told Sky Sports after returning to the paddock. ‘If we lose the championship by 32 points I will know where they are coming from but it is unacceptable. ‘I go through the same process all the time and try to analyse. It is a mistake and that is it. ‘It is trying to push too much and I lost the rear. It has been a very difficult weekend for me, I struggled with the balance of the car. ‘I did a mistake at the wrong moment.’ It is the third time this season, after Spain and Azerbaijan, where Leclerc has retired while leading a grand prix and tis latest result will yet again cost the driver crucial points in the championship battle with Verstappen. Going into this weekend, Leclerc trailed the Red Bull man by 38 points, but he ought to be leading the title race given how his Ferrari has generally been the quickest car this season, but reliability issues and strategy errors have cost him on numerous occasions. Verstappen went onto win in France and as a result, Leclerc now trails the Dutchman by 63 points after 12 races. MORE : Lewis Hamilton reveals one Formula 1 team is refusing to agree to new diversity charter MORE : Lewis Hamilton snubs Max Verstappen as he declares which F1 rival has been his toughest opponent For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 