Today is one for going with the flow and embracing change. Don’t get too in your head today. Try to be present and listen to the world around you. You never know what you might notice. Keep your thoughts to yourself, Virgo. Leo, it’s time to make the most of your leadership qualities. Don’t be too hard on yourself, Aquarius Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 1, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 If making a move on a key plan seems one step too far today, then a strong alignment could help you blast through any complacency. As Mars in your sign angles towards Pluto, you’ll notice a new determination that brings your emotions together like a laser beam. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The Mars-Pluto angle reveals you may have to show your more ruthless side. And if this is the case, it means something or someone has already wound you up to fever pitch. It pays to nip this matter in the bud but it’s also wise not to lose your temper. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 A potent blend of energies can see you keen to mix in new circles. But with an edgy link also showing up, assessing one social connection objectively might help you see it in perspective. If there’s a niggling issue with someone, gauge what to do next to resolve this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You may need to spend more time with people you don’t really get along with. This is down to the temporary Mars-Pluto aspect. You could always see this as a test of your ability to be kind and tolerant in a difficult situation. And if you can empathise even a little, you’ll do very well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Don’t just go with the latest fad. With feisty Mars in your exploration zone, it’s time to take the path less travelled and start a new trend. You are a natural leader and innovator, and this is your chance to make your mark. Others will believe in you if you believe in yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 There may be more to an awkward matter than meets the eye, which is why it’s best to keep your thoughts to yourself and observe things from a distance. While it can be tempting to wade in and get involved, it might make matters worse. Intense emotions could play a part. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You may be pushed into facing up to issues you’d hoped to avoid. The sooner you deal with this, the happier you’ll be. And although you might face an awkward time for a day or so, you’ll know you’ve done the right thing and this can spur you on to continue until it’s resolved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If you need to connect with someone in authority then making a bold move can serve you well. What might hold you back is the fear of being rejected. Yet if you don’t ask, you’ll never know, and your sense of frustration will leave you feeling worse. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Ready for new adventures? You might feel frustrated if you can’t stretch to a more exotic vacation. But there may be hidden treasures closer to home that are waiting to be discovered. For a lot less, you could find a way to enjoy a break that allows you to unwind. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Resisting change can be a futile exercise, as clinging to aspects of the past may keep you stuck. Embracing fresh ideas could seem audacious, yet be very freeing. This is the situation you might find yourself in. And if so, it can help to be flexible and to consider other possibilities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The present blend of energies can be both intense and pleasantly engaging, and it all depends on where they are directed. You might be far too hard on yourself regarding one matter, though, and this could divert attention away from more uplifting activities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 The angle between Mars and Pluto can certainly shake things up, and you may find that even the most innocent remarks or incidents turn into a drama. All this might seem unnecessary but by being quietly disarming and charming, it can subside. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for June 26 to July 2 and Neptune going retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you