Love Island’s Casa Amor is back and it’s once again proven to be one of the spiciest weeks of the show, with heads turning left, right, and centre. The 12 bombshells only have a matter of days to make their mark – either they’ll successfully couple up and return to the main villa, or they’ll be sent packing. DJ Kaila Troy appeared as a bombshell on last year’s Casa Amor (the one with the Liam Reardon/Millie Court/Lillie Haynes saga) and didn’t make it back to the main villa. She opened up on what she expected – and how very different the reality turned out to be. Kaila claimed that, at certain times, she was actually told not to speak to particular boys. ‘I would say it was very controlled and very produced, from what I thought it would be going in there,’ she told Metro.co.uk. ‘I can’t really move around when I want to, if I want to talk to this man, they’re telling me on the speaker, “No, don’t talk to him, go over here.” I’m like, “What the heck is this?” ‘When I went over to – I actually can’t remember who it was – but I do remember when I was coming from the firepit area and I was gonna go on the daybeds in front of the pool, they were like, “Kaila, can you please not go over there, can you please go in this area,” and I’m like “What the hell?” ‘There were some times where, if I was going over to a particular boy to talk, and they didn’t want me to talk to him at that point, they told me not to [over] the speaker.’ ‘They did not give me a reason, they were just like, “Don’t go over there, go over here,”‘ she added. A source said: ‘It is not possible to show everything that happens in the villa due to time constraints’. Metro.co.uk also understands that it’s always the intention to produce a show that is a fair and accurate representation of life in the villa. Fans have long wondered whether bombshells are specifically matched up to islanders already in the villa and sent in as a potential new partner for them – and Kaila reckons this happened for her time in Casa Amor. ‘I think so, to be honest, because I remember – now I wonder who it was, because I didn’t see anyone – but I remember I was filming for my press in London before the show began and one of the producers saying, “I have someone for you, I think he’ll be great for you,”‘ Kaila recalled. ‘One of the boys,’ she clarified. ‘I don’t know to this day who they were thinking of. And now, as I left the show, I’m like, “Who was that?” because I didn’t see them trying to get me with one of them! ‘I think before, they definitely do know who they have planned and who’s going to couple up, and who’s going to go for each other. They definitely know that.’ Kaila said she was prepped by producers beforehand about what might happen after her appearance on the show – and that included going through her social media with them. ‘They kind of sit you down and go through everything, that you might get a lot of attention…they kind of like to monitor everything in a way and they help you get ready for what’s about to happen,’ she said. ‘They go through everything, they go through your social media too. They’ll make sure there’s nothing crazy on the social media, anything they don’t like, they’ll tell you to delete it before going on the show.’ ‘Before you’re going in, they kind of prep you, like, “This is what happens,”‘ Kaila added. Describing her Love Island experience as ‘very quick, fun, and then it was annoying’, Kaila admitted she didn’t love being told when she could do certain things – like getting up for the day. ‘The annoying part of it is just being monitored all the time, what you do,’ she said. ‘Like I can’t get out of bed when I want to get out of bed in the morning, I have to sit in the bed until they tell us it’s morning time. ‘I would always get told, “Kaila get back into bed, it’s not morning time yet.” I’d say, “How long do I have to sit in the bed for?” You could be sitting in the bed for an hour, two hours until they’re ready to start filming. You can’t go outside or anything, you have to kind of be stuck in that area.’ She added that some conversations were prompted by producers, including in the morning, when the girls are getting ready for the day. ‘Even in the morning, when we’re getting ready, [it’s like] “Everyone go to the mirror, ask so and so about this guy, ask about this, what’s your plan for today?” ‘They’ll speak to you in the speakers…they’ll tell you, “Okay now Kaila, ask Amy about this. Or ask so and so about this.” They’ll do [that]  a lot in the morning for the girls.’ Kaila believes a lot of chats being cut out of the show and, when asked what she expected when she went into Casa Amor, joked: ‘I thought you would hear me speak!’ ‘I had so many conversations, they didn’t show any of it!’ she recalled. ‘It was funny, I was speaking to Amy [Day] the other day and she was like, “They didn’t show any of our [time].” Speaking about the aftermath of the villa, Kaila said she was offered a huge amount of mental health support and aftercare, but chose not to take ITV up on it. She added that her life didn’t change much. ‘I think sometimes, when people go on, they think they’re going to get opportunities afterwards and the majority of the people on it, their life isn’t going to change that much,’ she reflected. ‘They’re not going to be getting massive opportunities, unless you’re in that final – and even some people in the final aren’t really doing that much, unless you’re the winners. ‘For me, it didn’t change anything because going into it, I had a lot of things set up already. I’ve DJ’d for like 10 years so I was already doing mad stuff anyway. It didn’t change that much for me to be honest.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island hit with Ofcom complaints over Jacques O’Neill’s treatment of Paige Thorne after labelling her ‘pathetic’ MORE : Actual Kate Beckinsale has been glued to Love Island 2022 but could never be an islander because of… the pool 