Dancing On Ice star and The Xtra Factor host Matt Richardson has revealed he has no memory of a Green Day gig from last week due to suffering from infection causing swelling around his brain. Matt stared in the ITV skating competition last year, but unfortunately only lasted one week, becoming the third person to be voted out by the judges alongside his partner Vicky Ogden. The 31-year-old shared with fans on social media that he’s suffering from an infection that caused swelling around his brain, meaning he can’t remember the gig he went to last week in Dublin. The stand-up comedian did try and make light out of the situation however, saying, although he hopes the memories of the night will come back, if he owes money to anyone then they’re on their own. Matt penned: ‘My brother and I went to see Green Day in Dublin last week. And I sadly can’t remember it as I’ve had a lovely infection which caused some wonderful swelling around my brain the last few days. ‘After a really cool trip to hospital I’m trying to piece it all together again. ‘Hopefully the memories come back but if I owe you money, sorry you’re on your own x’ Fans and friends rushed to the comments to share their support, with fellow comedians Paul Smith writing: ‘Ahh man. Get well soon,’ and Lauren Pattinson adding: ‘Get well soon champ xx.’ Love Island’s Laura Whitmore commented: ‘Hope you’re ok!!! X’ while model Sam Rollinson joked: ‘You owe me 7 hours at a very expensive spa – to pay for the harrowing 7 hours at A and E.’ Matt joined Dancing On Ice last year as a stand-in, filling in for Rufus Hound who quit after testing positive for coronavirus. In 2013, Matt replaced Olly Murs as one of the presenters of The X Factor spin-off The Xtra Factor, taking on the role alongside the late Caroline Flack. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Steph McGovern teases Strictly Come Dancing 2022 line-up amid series speculation MORE : Connor Ball still ‘can’t feel’ leg after slicing it open during Dancing on Ice horror: ‘It might not come back’ 