Police have warned of ‘serious disruption throughout the day’ in Britain – as protesters target motorways in protest over high fuel prices. Rolling roadblocks have brought parts of the M4 to a standstill. Campaigners have so far focused on a stretch of motorway between Bristol and South Wales, including the Prince of Wales Severn bridge crossing. This morning, a convoy of 20 vehicles set off from the Magor services on the M4, near Caldicot in South Wales. Drivers taking part in the protest plan to slow to 30mph in lanes one and two of affected roads. Others told officers they planned to meet ‘in the middle’ and block the motorway. Mobile welder Richard Dite, 44, told reporters it is costing him over £300 in fuel to get to work every week due to price hikes. He added: ‘My only option soon will be to put the welding gear in the shed and call it a day, maybe go on the doll. ‘Face it at this rate I’ll be on more that way.’ Martin Crowley, 48, from Cardiff said he is a self-employed exotic animal courier and said fuel prices are damaging his livelihood. He said: ‘Fuel cost me £280 over two days last week. It’s unbelievable. ‘You can hardly make a living any more.’ For a few minutes this morning, both carriageways of the M4 approaching the M4 Prince of Wales Severn Bridge crossing were brought to a standstill by go-slow protests travelling east and west. Former HGV driver Vicky Stamper, 41, from Cwmbran said she and her partner Darren had to leave jobs in Bristol because they could not afford the fuel any longer. Ahead of taking part in the protest, she said: ‘We had to leave those jobs because it was costing us £380 a week just to get to and from work. ‘I then lost a job two weeks ago because the company couldn’t afford to put fuel in that many lorries so, last in first out.’ She said the situation had taken an emotional toll on her and her family. Talking about the disruption that the protest will cause to drivers on the M4, Ms Stamper added: ‘We’re doing this for us and for them. If they want to have a moan, they should join us instead.’ Police forces across the South West have warned drivers of the ‘go-slow protest’ which began at 7.10am this morning. The vehicles are being followed by police to ‘ensure the safety of all road users.’ Today’s protests are understood to be organised via social media under the banner Fuel Price Stand Against Tax. Demonstrators today will target mainly three-lane motorways and see slow-downs on two lanes, leaving the fast lane free, according to FairFuelUK founder Howard Cox. While he said his organisation is not involved in the action, he is ‘fully supportive’ of those protesting so long as they are conducted legally. Figures from data firm Experian show the average price of a litre of petrol at UK forecourts reached a new high of 191.4p on Thursday, while diesel rose to 199.1p. Chancellor Rishi Sunak has said he will carefully consider calls for a ‘more substantial’ fuel duty cut after the 5p per litre reduction implemented in March failed to halt price rises. The Government said while it understands people are struggling with rising prices and have a right to protest, ‘people’s day-to-day lives should not be disrupted’ and warned that traffic delays ‘will only add to fuel use’. Mr Cox said: ‘I totally support their protest because people have reached the end of their tethers at the moment.’ Calling for a cut of at least 20p, he warned that protests will continue if this is not implemented by the government. He said: ‘There is an appetite (for such protest). If the Government don’t actually deliver on this, I think there’s going to be some serious escalation of protests.’ Bristol Airport has advised travellers to allow extra time for their journeys today. In a tweet, the airport said: ‘Please note that there is a planned fuel protest to block the River Severn Bridge crossings this Monday July 4 from 8.30am. ‘The protest will likely affect the M5, M4 and the two crossings to Wales. Please allow extra time if travelling to or from the airport.’ Meanwhile Gloucestershire Police said protests are likely to affect the A48, causing travel disruption in the Gloucester and Forest of Dean areas. A Government spokesperson said: ‘While we respect the right to protest, people’s day-to-day lives should not be disrupted, especially on busy motorways where lives are put at risk and resulting traffic delays will only add to fuel use. ‘The new Public Order Bill will make it a criminal offence to glue yourself to a dangerous motorway, which sees police spending hours trying to safely remove people.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.