With the cost of living crisis biting, millions of people across the country aren’t able to pay their bills. Consumer group Which? says two million of us are missing payments every month on everything from credit cards and insurance to mortgages, with potentially devastating consequences for our future finances. New research from national poverty charity, Turn2Us, lays bare the impact of soaring living costs as almost half its users (4%) report being left with nothing to live on each week after paying housing, council tax and utility bills. The survey, completed by 2,730 of the charity’s service users, found the same group of people reported weekly food costs of £75, leaving many pushed into debt just to put meals on the table for themselves and their families. This figure rises to £93 per week for families with children. In the short term, professionals from schools, doctors’ surgeries and debt advice charities can give you a voucher for a local food bank, to allow you to eat in an emergency. However, you can only have a limited number of vouchers in a year. Other sources of help include community pantries, which give hefty discounts on food in exchange for a subscription. You can find some local pantries at the website Your Local Pantry, or check your council website. Apps such as Olio, where food is given away for free, or Too Good To Go, which offers cheap bags of food that is about to go out of date, can also help with this vital cost. This significant shortfall in incomes to cover essentials means that, for most recipients of the £326 first instalment of the £650 announced in the Government’s cost of living rescue package, which began to be paid last week, it will be used up in less than five weeks. The charity’s survey also found that over a quarter (26%) of Turn2Us users plan to use the £326 to help pay off debt, and over half (52%) intend to use it to help pay towards utility bill arrears – leaving many with still nothing to cover additional costs, such as food or fuel price rises. But not all debt is created equal. While some pressing payments can be negotiated or delayed, missing others can lead to you losing your home, a visit from the bailiffs, or mounting costs. ‘If you have fallen behind with your household bills and aren’t sure what you should pay first, it is important to identify which bills are classed as “priority”, because the consequences of not paying these can be more serious than not paying others,’ says Richard Lane, director of external affairs at debt charity StepChange. In an ideal world, of course, we would all be able to pay all of our debts each month, but if you cannot, here’s a list of the ones you need to prioritise, the wriggle room if you can’t, and the places where you can get help. The most important thing is that you keep talking to your creditors – silence is not your friend. Let them know if you are struggling and work with them to find a sustainable solution, or talk to charities such as Citizens Advice who can help you do this. After food, you should turn to your priority debts first, explains Jane Tully, who runs the Money Advice Trust. While other debts are still important, these are the ones that come with ‘serious consequences’ if not repaid. ‘These creditors can have strong legal powers to collect money,’ she explains. Not paying can lead to imprisonment, repossession or eviction, or bailiffs at your door. In most cases, the roof over your head should be your first priority when paying bills, as being made homeless is a devastating consequence of getting into debt. The result of not paying your housing costs can be repossession (in the case of a mortgage) or eviction (if you are renting).  This could happen quite quickly if you rent from a private landlord, or more slowly if you rent from a council or housing association, or if you own with a mortgage. After two months of not paying rent, your landlord can issue you with a Section 8 eviction notice, which gives non-payment of rent as ‘grounds for possession’. The Section 8 form must give you two weeks’ notice, after which your landlord can start court proceedings to have you evicted. The notice is valid for a year. If you have a secured tenancy (usually only if you rent from the council or some housing associations) the notice period before you can be taken to court is four weeks. The landlord must then take you to court if they want to have you evicted, a process that can take several months. If you miss several mortgage payments, it is possible for your lender to take you to court to have your home repossessed. But there are several options they must discuss with you first, even if you can’t meet your full monthly costs. What to do next? If you cannot pay housing costs in full, there are several options: Keeping the lights on is vital and, if you don’t pay the bills, the likelihood is you will be switched to a more expensive prepayment meter, making it harder to get out of a debt hole. Your supplier must contact you to set up a repayment plan. If this fails, they can put a prepayment meter in, within 28 days of writing to you, and take money on this for your debt. In extreme cases you can be disconnected. What to do next? Agree a payment plan with the supplier, or agree to have the debt taken directly from your benefits using the Fuel Direct scheme. Ask if the supplier has any help available for those struggling with energy bills. Octopus Energy, for example, has a £5million Octopus Assist fund that has helped nearly 40,000 people with monetary credits and personalised account support. British Gas, Scottish Power, Ovo and EON are among other suppliers offering support. Check out Citizens Advice for a list of where to go. Council tax is a priority debt because if you don’t pay it, you will be taken to court. A court summons means paying a big debt all at once as well as being liable for costs and charges and facing bailiffs. It will also affect your credit record. Money can be taken directly from your benefits, leaving you less to live on. What to do next? The good news is that you can usually reason with your council. You may be able to commit to paying a smaller regular amount over time until you are back on your feet, without receiving a court order. It is best to talk to them before you miss a payment, rather than wait for problems to escalate. You can also apply to pay less council tax if you are on a low income. Watching TV might sound trivial, but your licence is a priority debt, as the licensing agency can take you to court if you don’t pay. The maximum fine is £1,000 plus any legal costs. What to do next? Don’t watch TV sounds obvious, but if you stream anything live (including on YouTube), record live shows from any channel, or stream or download from iPlayer, you need a licence. If you can prove you don’t do any of these things, then you don’t need one. Over-75s receiving Pension Credit, or those who are blind, pay less for a TV licence. You can spread the cost of your licence by visiting TV licensing. For some people who are struggling with longterm debt, the best option will be a specialist plan to pay them off so you can live debt free. Options include a Debt Management Plan, , a Debt Repayment Order, for those with very low incomes, or an Individual Voluntary Arrangement or Bankruptcy. None of these solutions should be taken on lightly as they have major repercussions. Nor should you have to pay an adviser to set any of them up. If you are struggling, the organisations listed here can help you. They are charities and will not take your money to help you with your finances. Stepchange: Call them on 0800 138 1111 for free debt advice for those who can’t pay their debts. Turn2Us: Call them on 0808 802 2000 for help with getting the benefits you are entitled to, plus the ability to search for grants that could help with the cost of living. Shelter: Call them on 0808 800 4444. It’s a free helpline and online advice if you’re worried about losing your home. Citizens Advice Bureau: Call them on 0800 144 8848 (0800 702 2020 in Wales and  0800 028 1456 in Scotland). Advice on all aspects of debt, benefits, finance and consumer issues. Technically, most other bills do not count as priority debts. But since they include broadband and mobile phones, you may want to tackle them to remain connected. Jane Tully, at Money Advice Trust, says which of these to  deal with first depends on your individual circumstances. ‘When negotiating with creditors the most important thing is explaining your situation as clearly as possible,’ she says. ‘Your budget is an important part of this as the more your creditors know, the better placed they will be to co-operate and work with you to find a solution. This includes mentioning things like health issues you may have.’ Connection to the outside world via the internet makes it possible to search for and get employment, and access the cheapest deals on financial products. Many people would therefore see this bill as one of their highest priorities. Your provider is likely to disconnect you, as well as taking action to recover the debt that will affect your credit record. They may also add a late payment charge. What to do next? Contact your provider and ask for a repayment plan that spreads the bill over time. If you are on a low income you can check whether a ‘social tariff’ would cost you less, or try to negotiate a cheaper contract. Loans carry interest, whether you’re struggling with a monthly personal loan, a credit card bill you can’t pay off every month or a payday loan where you have to keep borrowing to pay it back. The interest you owe racks up and your credit report suffers. You could end up owing far more than you borrowed. What to do next? First, check you haven’t been mis-sold. Your lender has a responsibility to check you can afford the loan or card limit when you take it out. If you can’t, they may have to pay back the interest. Next, talk to the lender about other avenues. Breathing Space (see ‘Housing’, bottom left) could be an option, or if your credit score is good you may be able to switch debt to a balance transfer card with low or zero interest, buying time to get on top of it. By law, water companies are not allowed to cut off or restrict your usage, so this doesn’t count as a priority debt, but it is obviously very important to stay abreast of these bills, as if you owe these firms money, the consequences of non-payment can be serious. If other efforts fail, the company can seek a County Court Judgment to recover the money you owe. You may then get a notice of enforcement from a firm of bailiffs saying they will visit your home. They could take goods to sell to pay the money you owe. What to do next? Speak to your water company when you find you can’t pay and work with them over what you can afford to pay. They should have their own code of practice for dealing with customers who owe them money, and some water firms have a debtline service. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why you should look for forgotten money on cashback sites – and make the most of it MORE : Free and low-cost arts events to attend this summer MORE : Making money make sense: How this week’s financial news affects you