A commercial airline pilot has told of the ‘sinking feeling’ he gets when having to inform passengers about delays and cancellations. The crew member loves his ‘dream’ job but has been at the forefront of months of major disruption to UK airline and airport schedules. He said pilots are the ‘shop window’ of the aviation industry but are all too often the focal point of headaches that are beyond their control. This has included being harangued by angry passengers when they pass through airports, with crews having been known to call the police when tempers reach boiling point. Major operators have cancelled 17,000 flights less than 72 hours before departure so far this year, according to analyst Cirium, with countless more delayed and further problems with lost luggage. Although the worst of the chaos seems to have passed, Heathrow’s cap on flights is now expected to last until after the October half-term. Tim, who works for a major UK operator, said: ‘Frustrating is the word most pilots would use in relation to cancellations and delays. ‘Most pilots will say the hardest bit of our job is on the ground, you are trying to co-ordinate cleaners and catering and loading staff with a myriad of agencies that have to work together pretty much seamlessly. ‘Pre-Covid it wasn’t too much of an issue other than a few hiccups here and there, post-Covid a lack of staff has made things frustrating. ‘A lot of it is out of our control, pilots can’t magic up extra ground staff but we are the ones who are trying to get the show on the road and have to apologise to the passengers. ‘For many of our passengers it’s the first time they’ve booked a holiday in three years so it is frustrating for us as the shop window of our airlines. ‘We don’t get all the information at the front end and we’re sometimes as much in the dark as they are. We constantly feel like we are apologising but having said that things have got better in the last two to three weeks.’ Tim, who spoke in an interview arranged by the British Airline Pilots’ Association (BALPA) works shifts of up to 13 hours that can be day or night. He flies across Europe, the Mediterranean and the Canaries after taking his wings in the commercial sector almost a decade ago. Far from the glamour of palm trees and champagne, morning shifts can involve a 5am start and he usually flies straight home after the outbound flight. Crews have a couple of hours of discretion they can use in order to stay on and help passengers reach their destinations, Tim said. When flights are delayed or cancelled pilots have a few extra hours at home if the hold-up is known far enough in advance while at the airport they can wait in a crew room or in the aircraft. The pilot evoked Matt Lucas’s Come Fly With Me spoof on the BBC to illustrate how the unstable world climate is keeping crews guessing. ‘Even when you’ve rallied the troops and got the passengers on board you can fall at the final hurdle,’ he said. ‘You can be stuck with things like slot delays, which are air traffic restrictions we get sometimes. It’s not helped by Ukraine because there’s an awful lot of traffic flowing through Germany as it goes towards Turkey to get to the Middle East etc where they’d normally go through Russian air space. ‘The slot delays are one more infuriating thing when you’ve got the fuel, you’ve got the caterers, you’ve got the passengers and you think you’ve got the show on the road. Some days it feels like Matt Lucas and the coffee woman when the final bit of the puzzle falls apart.’ In June, Metro.co.uk told how an easyJet pilot had to come out of a plane to tell passengers that a flight to Egypt was cancelled despite the queue reaching the cabin door. Amid huge queues and lost baggage, there have been other accounts of ground and air staff facing aggression and abuse from passengers. ‘Even walking through the terminal you can get passengers on unrelated flights infuriated that their flights have been cancelled,’ Tim said. ‘I don’t know why other flights have been cancelled and if it’s not my company I have absolutely no idea. There have been issues including not having water and it’s hugely frustrating, so they take it out on the first member of staff they see. In extremes, pilots have had to call the police and it’s become a semi-regular occurrence this summer because of delays. ‘As pilots we are pretty good at defusing those situations, communication is the key and it’s understandable because people are missing out on their holidays with delays that just roll and roll with little information.’ A myriad of concerns face pilots when a flight is cancelled, with the crucial element being whether the passengers are onboard or not. ‘There’s certainly a sinking feeling when it comes to that moment where you have finally got to pull the plug on a flight,’ Tim said. ‘You also have to be careful because of social media and the news. ‘Your words can be twisted and used against you so you know you can’t give out all the information, even if you had it and you wanted to.’ Tim, who is in his 30s and from Manchester, still enjoys the buzz of flying once the aircraft’s wheels are up. ‘Being a pilot is my dream job,’ he said. ‘The most enjoyable part is usually the landing, there’s a lot of mental maths and planning ahead with the weather and negotiation with air traffic, and it gets the adrenaline going a little bit. ‘When you’ve landed a 150-tonne aircraft at 160 miles an hour onto a piece of tarmac having flown for 3,000 miles it’s quite a good feeling. ‘You’ve got the job done, had a nice smooth touchdown and hopefully the passengers thank you for it.’ The BALPA member believes staffing and administrative issues need to be addressed to ensure the network runs smoothly this summer. Blame for the disruption has been placed on operators and airports failing to restore staffing levels to meet pent-up demand for holidays after Covid. But Tim also cited a failure by the government to administer air-side passes as adding to the disruption, following reports that it is taking more than 90 days for new recruits to have the security credentials issued. ‘Our handling agents and airlines really need to work together to find a solution, we have major backlogs on things like airside passes, which fall back on the government,’ he said. ‘The government has been quite good at washing its hands of this whole issue. Back in December, BALPA called for a Winter Resilience Fund because furlough had ended for the aviation industry but there were still huge restrictions in place that meant a lot of the staff were let go. ‘We asked for a fund and the government didn’t want to do that. ‘It’s frustrating having asked for that in December that we are now seeing the effects of that. I think the government can do more to speed up the process of getting people airside IDs. ‘Ultimately though, the situation is slowly getting better.’ As the peak of the summer season approaches, Tim will be the point man in a job that still has its perks, despite the Pan Am era being a distant memory. ‘It’s a shock to some people when they find out we typically fly there and back in the same day.’ he said. ‘We do that four, maybe five times a week as a typical shift pattern. ‘A little bit of the glamour has been lost over the years but it’s still a prestigious job that pays well and it’s one people always ask you about. ‘The delays have been a daily occurrence but they are reducing and there is light at the end of the tunnel.’ A Department for Transport spokesperson said: ‘We’ve done everything within our power to support the aviation industry, including providing £8 billion to protect jobs during the pandemic, but it’s now for the sector itself to make sure chaos at our airports does not continue. ‘To help it recover, we unveiled a 22-point plan, including accelerated national security vetting checks to help airlines speed up recruitment, with accreditation checks being completed in around five days on average and counter-terrorist checks in under 10 days.’ *Tim spoke under an assumed name Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.