A BBC photographer claims he has an unpublished picture of Prince Andrew that would ’embarrass’ the Royal Family. Mark Harrison worked for the broadcaster during the Duke of York’s catastrophic Newsnight interview about his connection to Jeffrey Epstein. He now says ‘there is a lot more’ from the November 2019 broadcast that is not yet in the public domain. ‘[The photo] has been seen by only a few people but it would be a big deal for the Royal family,’ the award-winning photographer told the Daily Mail. It is understood the prince insisted the picture is never released to the public. A source close to the Newsnight interview who has seen the original photograph said that if it became public ‘it will be so shocking’, especially if it is taken out of context. ‘Our jaws dropped to the floor when we saw it,’ they said. ‘It would cause Andrew much embarrassment – and imagine how high the bar has to be to cause him embarrassment after everything that has happened.’ Neither Mr Harrison or the source hinted as to what it shows but the latter said it is ‘the kind of thing which would make the public drop their cornflakes’. ‘It is definitely not what Andrew would want out there and apparently he insisted that it remained secret,’ the source added. ‘It was not one of the shots the BBC released.’ But the photographer hinted it may feature in a forthcoming film about how the BBC secured the infamous interview. The movie called Scoop will reportedly delve into his friendship with the convicted sex offender, who was found dead in his cell three months before the interview came out. In the interview, Andrew attempted to clear himself of wrongdoing, but instead of renouncing his controversial friendship, the royal stated it had some ‘seriously beneficial outcomes’ and it gave him the opportunity to meet people. He also denied claims he had sexually assaulted Virginia Giuffre – one of Epstein’s victims – when she was 17. Metro.co.uk has contacted Prince Andrew’s team for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.