Girls Aloud singers Cheryl, Nicola Roberts, Kimberley Walsh and Nadine Coyle were in upbeat spirits as they began their Race For Life in memory of their late bandmate Sarah Harding. The Promise singers have reunited this Sunday to take part in a 5k run at London’s Hyde Park, with Kimberley joining remotely, to raise awareness and funds for charity Cancer Research UK. Harding died in September 2021 at the age of 39 more than a year after she was diagnosed with breast cancer. On Sunday just after 11am, Girls Aloud gathered in Hyde Park surrounded by a huge swarm of supporters as they prepared to start pounding the pavement. A huge crowd dressed in pink – many with pink dyed hair, wigs, and even pink tutus – took part in London, with other runners across the country pledging to join in remotely to help raise funds. Nicola, 36, went live on Instagram and shared scenes of the cheering crowds while telling her followers: ‘It’s going great, we’re just about to start. The energy’s amazing.’ She was joined by Kimberley, 40, who isn’t able to join her bandmates in Hyde Park and is instead taking part from her hometown with a group of loved ones. ‘So lovely,’ she said of the supportive comments on the Instagram live, adding: ‘Thanks so much for doing it and being part of it.’ The pop stars also retweeted a message from On The Board in tribute to Harding as the Race For Live event got underway. Their heartfelt message featured subtle references to Girls Aloud’s hit songs and read: ‘Life got cold when you passed away, we prayed in 100 different ways for some kind of miracle, and hoped that we would see the day. ‘The memory of you will live forever and a night, and shine brighter than a long hot summer lit by the sun, nobody is untouchable when it comes to cancer and love is pain for the loving kind when sadness breaks the heart but, love is the key to remember a whole lotta history.’ It continued: ‘As we’re waiting for the healing process to start, grief is a daily challenge that makes you emotional, and throws you at times you don’t expect it to. ‘When you’re missing a loved one it’s still a shock and it doesn’t feel right to put on a performance without you. To celebrate the landmark of Girls Aloud’s 20th year, we can cherish those moments as we’re rolling back the rivers of time. ‘Knowing if love could have saved then you would still be here.’ Love Island presenter Laura Whitmore also passed on a message of good luck to the singers. Kimberley recently opened up about how they have coped with Harding’s death and a very ‘difficult year’, telling BBC Radio 2’s breakfast presenter Zoe Ball: Do you know what, it’s crazy to me to think that it has almost been a year – in September it’s coming up to a year. ‘It’s a daily challenge, let’s put it that way, and I think it throws you at the times when you don’t expect it. ‘It feels like: how is this our reality?’ Labelling Harding’s illness as ‘still such a shock’, Nicola went on to say: ‘You go back to when it was the five of us and never in your wildest nightmares could you ever have imagined it would’ve gone this way.’ MORE : Joe Wicks embraces ‘dad bod’ as he talks finding ‘better balance’ with food and training ahead of third baby: ‘I don’t have to be shredded 365 days a year’ MORE : Ranvir Singh enjoys day out at Ascot with boyfriend Louis Church and son Tushaan in rare outing together 