A mum-of-two has been left fuming after a teacher at her son’s school allegedly banned him from drinking more than one bottle of squash on one of the hottest days ever. Bryony Cappleman, 34, packed three 500ml bottles of squash for seven-year-old Jacob to take to class on Monday as he ‘won’t drink water’. As a nurse, she says she is aware how easily children can become dehydrated in such weather and wanted to minimise the risk as much as possible. But teachers at Wheatcroft Community Primary School in Scarborough, North Yorkshire, are said to have told the little boy he can only consume one, even though temperatures were nearing 40°C. ‘I just can’t get my head round it to be honest,’ Ms Cappleman said. ‘They’ve compromised on uniform policy because of the weather, so why can’t they compromise on this?’ When approached for comment, the school said Jacob had been seen filling up his water bottle and ‘was seen drinking from that bottle throughout the rest of the day by staff in the classroom’. But his mum has insisted that he ‘won’t drink water’, which is why she packed three bottles of squash. When Jacob returned home, he said he had only drunk one of the three. Ms Cappleman has stressed she would understand if it was Red Bull or Monster Energy, instead of ‘a family drink’. ‘Jacob won’t drink water, and to get round it, I make him a very weak, sugar free squash to take with him to school,’ she said. ‘And, it was roasting yesterday, so of course he needed more than just the one bottle. ‘But to drink more than one goes against the school’s “health” policy and he was literally banned from drinking any more. ‘How can a school claim to be upholding healthy standards when my son was dehydrated as a result of their rules – it’s a disgrace. ‘I’m a nurse and the amount of global admissions hospitals get from dehydrated children and elderly people during this kind of weather is frightening.’ Frustrated with the school’s response, Ms Cappleman decided to keep Jacob at home as temperatures hit 40°C the following day, so she knew he was drinking enough. A spokesperson for Wheatcroft Community Primary School confirmed the pupil in question brought three bottles of juice into school and had drunk one in class. ‘He requested a second bottle and a member of staff suggested he refilled his bottle with water and save his second bottle for packed lunch,’ they added. ‘The pupil filled up his water bottle with water and was seen drinking from that bottle throughout the rest of the day by staff in the classroom. ‘All our children have access to cold water to drink or fill up their water bottles with throughout the day. ‘All pupils are encouraged to bring their own water bottles and as a healthy school we encourage children to drink water in class, at playtimes and PE lessons to stay hydrated.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.