Love Island’s Luca Bish has become the first islander to drop the L-bomb, telling Gemma Owen he loves her in a sweet moment. The islander took Gemma, who he’s been coupled up with since the first week, to the terrace where they had their first chat. ‘I can’t help how I feel and hopefully you feel the same,’ he told her after the pair recently enjoyed a romantic date. ‘You know I’ve fallen for you.’ ‘I’ve never been so sure in saying something,’ he added, going on to say he ‘sees a future’ with Gemma. Luca went on: ‘I think I’m in love with you. No, I am in love with you.’ A smitten Gemma responded: ‘I love you too.’ Luca told her that he felt like he could be himself around her, including when he was upset about best pal Jacques O’Neill’s exit. Their fellow islanders were thrilled for them, with Luca admitting he’d been nervous about getting the words out. Plenty of fans were also delighted, with one writing: ‘Luca and Gemma kinda have my heart ngl,’ and another adding: ‘Why am i smiling like an idiot at Gemma and Luca.’ Luca and Gemma both stayed loyal in Casa Amor, with some thinking they’re headed for the final. Relationship expert Louella Alderson definitely thinks so, telling Metro.co.uk after Casa Amor: ‘Now Gemma can see Luca can be trusted and he hasn’t done anything she wouldn’t be happy with; we hope to see more of Gemma letting her guard down and opening up. ‘This couple holds the most potential to make it to the final based on their popularity with the public and their genuine connection.’ Meanwhile, Thursday’s episode featured a recoupling, with bombshell Adam Collard picking Paige after Jacques O’Neill’s exit. Fans were thrilled for Danica Taylor, after Billy Brown coupled up with her, while Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope, and Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page got back together. Love Island continues Friday night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The moment it was all over for Jacques O’Neill as Paige Thorne gave signal to Adam Collard – Love Island body language expert explains all MORE : From Davide Sanclimenti’s ‘liar!’ to Indiyah Polack’s brutal dig at Dami Hope – vote for the best Love Island one-liner of 2022 