Content warning – this post discusses suicidal feelings. Hustlers star Constance Wu has returned to social media after almost three years, revealing she felt as though she ‘didn’t even deserve to live anymore’ after being trolled online. In 2019, the actress experienced backlash after she appeared upset by the renewal of her TV show Fresh Off The Boat, later apologising by explaining: ‘I was temporarily upset yesterday not bc I hate the show but bc its renewal meant I had to give up another project that I was really passionate about.’ In a new post shared on social media, she has now revealed that the trolling she suffered prompted her to avoid social media for almost three years. ‘Tbh, I’m a little scared, but I’m dipping my toe back in to say I’m here and while I was gone I wrote a book called Making a Scene. This next part is hard to talk about…but I was afraid of coming back on social media because I almost lost my life from it,’ the Crazy Rich Asians star said. ‘Three years ago, when I made careless tweets about the renewal of my TV show, it ignited outrage and internet shaming that got pretty severe. I felt awful about what I’d said, and when a few DMs from a fellow Asian actress told me I’d become a blight on the Asian American community, I started feeling like I didn’t even deserve to live anymore. That I was a disgrace to AsAms, and they’d be better off without me.’ The 40-year-old then added: ‘Looking back, it’s surreal that a few DMs convinced me to end my own life, but that’s what happened. Luckily, a friend found me and rushed me to the ER.’ Wu said that it was a ‘scary moment’ that made her ‘reassess a lot in my life’, and so for the next few years, she put her ‘career aside’ so she could focus on her mental health. ‘AsAms don’t talk about mental health enough. While we’re quick to celebrate representation wins, there’s a lot of avoidance around the more uncomfortable issues within our community,’ she stated. ‘Even my tweets became a subject so touchy that most of my AsAm colleagues decided that was the time to avoid me or ice me out. I’ll admit it hurt a lot, but it also made me realize how important it is to reach out and care for people who are going through a hard time.’ Wu outlined her the reason why she wrote her book ‘and why I’m here today’ – ‘to reach out and help people talk about the uncomfortable stuff in order to understand it, reckon with it, and open pathways to healing’. ‘If we want to be seen, really seen… we need to let all of ourselves be seen, including the parts we’re scared of or ashamed of-parts that, however imperfect, require care and attention. And we need to stop beating each other (and ourselves) up when we do. ‘So while my book is not always the most flattering portrayal, it’s as honest as I know how to be. Because the truth is, I’m not poised or graceful or perfect. I’m emotional. I make mistakes…lots of ‘em!’ Wu said that following ‘a little break from Hollywood and a lot of therapy’, she now feels ‘OK enough’ to come back to social media – although she added: ‘At least for a little bit.’ ‘And even though I’m scared, I’ve decided that I owe it to the me-of-3-years-ago to be brave and share my story so that it might help someone with theirs,’ she concluded. Underneath her statement, Wu shared a link to the 988 Suicide and Crisis Lifeline, writing: ‘If you or someone you know is considering suicide, please contact the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255), text “STRENGTH” to the Crisis Text Line at 741-741 or go to https://988lifeline.org/.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Noel Clarke reveals he was suicidal in aftermath of sex offence allegations: ‘I was waiting for the right moment to kill myself’ MORE : Louise Thompson back in hospital and takes social media break amid mental health battle after traumatic birth