Paige Thorne and Adam Collard have been dumped from the Love Island villa. The remaining islanders were forced to vote among themselves who they believed to be the least compatible couple in Friday night’s episode. Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack were the only couple not to receive a vote from their fellow islanders, while Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri received one. Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti were the first couple saved from packing their bags, before Luca Bish and Gemma Owen learned they would not be dumped. As they rolled their suitcases away, Paige said: ‘We’re happy and there’s no hard feelings whatsoever with the other islanders.’ Adam then said flattering his love interest: ‘I’ve got the best girl.’ Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page, who have been coupled up since day one, were then saved. Earlier in the episode, viewers had watched the couples Meet The Parents as their loved ones flew over to the Majorcan villa to come face-to-face with the islanders for the first time after weeks of often jaw-dropping antics. Meanwhile, Indiyah’s mum and sister gave Dami a good grilling over his Casa Amor behaviour. Paige’s mum Samantha admitted she’s ‘not buying’ her romance with Adam, who professed to be a reformed character after his controversial playboy antics when he first appeared on Love Island in series. When Paige asked for her opinion, Samantha whispered: ‘I’m not buying it.’ She then explained: ‘The way you were with Jacques [O’Neill] was different, with Adam it just seems a lot different.’ Paige was previously coupled up with rugby player Jacques until he quit the show after struggling with his mental health in the villa. She then struck up a connection with Adam, who first appeared on Love Island in series four, and they’ve been going strong ever since. The Welsh paramedic’s romance with Jacques was fiery to say the least, as he was accused of gaslighting her and for the way he spoke to her on occasion. Explaining why she’s happier with Adam, Paige told her parents: ‘There were some bits that were really not OK. ‘Adam’s so much more chilled out and down to earth. ‘I’ve made my own mind up, he’s just a completely different person to the man he used to be.’ Adam, whose dad and brother also stopped by the villa, was later seen getting emotional in the Beach Hut and said: ‘I’ve got a generous side, a kind side. It takes the right kind of person to see that. I feel emotional now, just seeing my dad and that. ‘I didn’t really get a chance to show this side of me last time and she’s just unreal.’ The Love Island final kicks off on ITV2 tomorrow at 9pm. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 