Love Island star Tasha Ghouri’s dad has taken aim at vile trolls who have been making cruel ableist comments about the islander, branding them a ‘shock.’ The 23-year-old is the ITV2 show’s first-ever deaf contestant and she wears a cochlear implant, a small electronic device that stimulates the nerve used for hearing, to help her hear. In recent episodes, Tasha was seen crying over the public vote and it seems that, behind the scenes, her family have been receiving ableist abuse aimed at the islander. Taking to Instagram, the model’s dad, Tarek, spoke out. In a comment on a picture posted of Tasha as a young child in a fairy fancy dress costume, he wrote: ‘Despite the negativity she was successful before she went in and she will be successful when she comes out. ‘We talked about the possible negativity and if you think you are prepared for it you are not. Negativity is not what we do in this family so it is a bit of a shock but more so is the ablest comments like last night when someone described her as a “deaf w***e”. ‘Tash wanted to do it to represent and show deaf kids, teens and adults that they have nothing to fear by embracing their deafness or hearing aids. It’s why hers is bright white!’ Tarek went on to write that if Tasha were to win the dating reality show presented by Laura Whitmore, she would donate half of the cash prize to a deaf children’s charity. Saying that she ‘lets nothing stop her’, Tarek detailed the daily struggles Tasha faces, saying: ‘It’s mentally draining for her trying to compute what’s been said, lip reading people whose lips aren’t facing her or whose mouths are covered with bottles [and] who said what when many are talking. ‘Staying involved in conversation when you can only hear robotic sounds in only one of your ears is mentally draining. This leads to tiredness and sometimes tears. ‘It’s a pressured environment for all but she has an extra pressure no one seems to recognise apart from anyone who is deaf or hard of hearing. ‘Thank you to everyone who’s posted on this page with positive messages . Truly from the bottom of Tashas and our hearts. ❤️ #bekind #loveisland #loveislandmemes #loveislandspoilers’. The family have previously begged trolls to stop mocking her cochlear implant. Tasha is currently coupled up with Andrew Le Page, with the pair becoming an official couple on Friday night’s episode. Andrew looked thrilled to become Tasha’s boyfriend after she had organised a romantic treasure hunt around the villa. Love Island airs weeknights from 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 