The men’s Wimbledon final between Novak Djokovic and Nick Kyrgios was interrupted by a protester who shouted, ‘where’s Peng Shuai?’. During the third set, Australian activist Drew Pavlou held up a sign which read, ‘where is Peng Shuai?’, and shouted, ‘where is Peng Shuai, Chinese tennis star persecuted by the Chinese government, why won’t Wimbledon say something?’. Peng disappeared from public view for nearly three months last year after she alleged on Chinese social media site Weibo in November that former vice-premier Zhang Gaoli coerced her into having sex. Peng’s message was quickly deleted and the Chinese tennis player was not seen in public for several weeks, which sparked fears for her safety. The Women’s Tennis Association suspended hosting events in China because of its concerns about her welfare. Peng gave her first interview to an independent media organisation in February when she told French newspaper L’Equipe that she was retiring from tennis and described her initial accusations as an ‘enormous misunderstanding’. Pavlou, who is among the activists who have raised awareness about Peng’s situation in China at Wimbledon this week, was swiftly ejected by security after he interrupted the final in the third set on Sunday afternoon. Giving his version of events, Pavlou wrote on Twitter: ‘I held up a sign at the Wimbledon final saying “Where Is Peng Shuai.” I shouted “Where Is Peng Shuai, Chinese tennis star persecuted by the Chinese government, why won’t Wimbledon say something?” Security pushed me over one of the rows and we all tripped over it. ‘Then one of the security guards who tripped, a guy in a blue Hawaiian shirt, he wanted to get back at me and hurt me, he pushed me with full force down the steps and I fell head first. ‘He then grabbed me and smashed me up against the wall and twisted my arms behind my back. ‘As he smashed me against the wall he said “the police are coming to arrest you now.” team of security treated me like a terrorist, kept my arms twisted really painfully behind my back as they expelled me from the stadium, all while saying they were sympathetic to my cause. ‘I specifically tried to wait until a break in between games, when the players take a drink. But the security attacked me while the point was in play ‘I didn’t want to disrupt the match, I just held up the sign and security started attacking me, it was only at that point I shouted out Where Is Peng Shuai because I wanted to get the message out, sorry Nick Kyrgios. I love you man hope you win the match.’ Several activists have been stopped and questioned by security at the All England Club this week. ‘The All England Club seems terrified of upsetting the Chinese government and its allies,’ Jason Leith, one of the activists who was stopped, said in a statement. ‘Our simple action on Monday gained huge support from tennis fans and we think they will want to show their solidarity with Peng Shuai and other victims of Chinese human rights abuses. ‘We hope that the All England Club will embrace this peaceful statement and acknowledge their missing champion ahead of the women’s doubles finals.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 