Chris Rock has continued to joke about being slapped by Will Smith following the actor’s apology video. Just in case you need a refresher, the slap in question occurred when the comic made a jibe about Will’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, for her shaven haircut. Seemingly blazing after the remark – since Jada has alopecia – the Men In Black star stormed on stage and hit Chris across the face – leading to Will being banned from Academy events for the next 10 years. Will surprised everyone by uploading an apology video on Friday, in which he stated that his behaviour was ‘unacceptable’. Later that night, 57-year-old comedian Chris performed a stand-up gig in Atlanta, and continued to poke fun at what has become one of the most talked-about moments in Oscars history. According to CNN, he joked at the show: ‘If everybody claims to be a victim, then nobody will hear the real victims.’ ‘Even me getting smacked by Suge Smith… I went to work the next day, I got kids.’ Chris later quipped: ‘Anyone who says words hurt has never been punched in the face.’ Breaking his silence on the incident in his grovelling Instagram video, Will issued a heartfelt apology to Chris and claimed that he was ‘fogged out’ at the time of the slap – which is why he didn’t say sorry there and then. In a question and answer video with fans, the King Richard star said: ‘I’ve reached out to Chris and the message that came back is that he’s not ready to talk and when he is, he will reach out. So I will say to you, Chris, I apologise to you. ‘My behaviour was unacceptable and I’m here whenever you’re ready to talk.’ Will took full responsibility for his behaviour and denied claims that Jada was involved in the incident. The 53-year-old star said: ‘I spent the last three months replaying and understanding the nuances and the complexities of what happened in that moment. ‘I’m not going to try to unpack all of that right now but I can say to all of you, there is no part of me that thinks that was the right way to behave in that moment.’ He concluded: ‘There is no part of me that thinks that’s the optimal way to handle a feeling of disrespect or insults.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Miriam Margolyes attends first-ever Pride aged 81 and reveals her mother was ‘utterly devastated’ when she came out as a lesbian MORE : Filming of Idris Elba’s Beast nearly derailed after unleashed lion causes ‘panic’ on set 