Love fishing? A new property listing lets you enjoy the hobby from the comfort of your own back garden. A six-bed house with its own trout lake has just hit the market for £750,000. If fishing isn’t quite your thing, the natural outdoor pool can also be used for wild swimming. In total, three jetties lead onto the water – where trout and carp can be found, as well as water lilies and specimen trees around the border. There’s even a regular otter who visits the pool – along with herons and pine martin. Although, it’s worth pointing out that the lake can only be used by the new owners and their guests – and cannot be run as a standalone fishery. The modern family home, set over four floors, also features a decking area for sunbathing and a glazed summer house. Known as Tan Yr Allt, the unique home certainly has a lot to offer and is packed full of interesting features inside, as well as out. On the ground floor, the dining room has French doors – which open up onto the decked balcony – while the family kitchen comes with an oak-topped breakfast bar and its own separate pantry. The lower ground floor features a utility room and workshop, which has potential to be made into a separate annex, or either a games room or gym – thanks to the plumbing. Situated in the village of Dolanog, on the Welsh and Shropshire borders, the house is surrounded by glorious countryside. It’s also just eight miles from Llanfyllin and a short drive from many attractions, including Lake Vrynwy and Pistyll Rhaead. And there’s no denying that many potential buyers might see the appeal of the property – considering the recent heatwave. Peter Daborn, of Savills estate agents, said: ‘At a time when temperatures have been soaring and we’ve all been looking at ways to keep cool, this beautiful family home has just the answer – its very own wildlife and swim pool. ‘Surrounded by breathtaking countryside, Tan Yr Allt also provides enormous potential to prospective owners and we fully expect this sale to capture the imagination of interested buyers.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Take a look inside the UK’s most expensive four-bed home – up for sale at £15million MORE : Beach hut in Dorset goes on sale for £450,000 – but it doesn’t face the sea MORE : A house that was formerly a school gym is up for sale – complete with a ‘basketball court kitchen’