Love Island bombshell Nathalia Campos is one brave girl after picking Adam Collard for a snog – risking the wrath of his partner Paige Thorne. The four new bombshells – Nathalia, Lacey Edwards, Reece Ford and Jamie Allen – certainly made their mark on the villa after their arrival last night. Thursday night’s episode saw them get stuck into a tried and true game of Truth or Dare and, of course, the villa newbies seized the opportunity to wreak chaos and try and mark their territory with those already coupled up. Adam dared Brazilian content creator Nathalia to kiss the three islanders she fancied the most *wink wink*. She puckered up to Davide Sanclimenti, who is coupled up with Ekin-Su, and Deji who is single and looking for his ‘wifey’. But it was her kiss with Adam that really ruffled feathers as it left his love interest Paige positively seething. ‘If Nathalia tries to make eye contact one more time,’ Paige fumed to the girls after witnessing her man locking lips with the bombshell. Indiyah Polack was highly entertained by the drama and said in the Beach Hut: ‘I love Paige but I know she’s rattled.’ The following morning, Paige admitted to the girls during their daily debrief: ‘I was shocked by how much I didnt like it,’ while Adam told the boys: ‘It was a good chat, she’s an attractive girl [but] things are going well with Paige. I can’t see myself pulling them for chats but I’ll be open.’ Nathalia didn’t hold back as the day went on as she later chose Adam to go on a date with. As the two chatted away on their date, Paige fretted back in the villa, telling Gemma Owen: ‘She’s literally a Brazilian bombshell, I’m a little paramedic from Swansea. ‘What if my chat just isn’t enough, what if my personality isn’t enough?’ Gemma reassured her: ‘Every guy has said you’re wifey material, you’re f*****g stunning.’ Paige then said in the Beach Hut: ‘Now I’m sitting here feeling sick to my stomach, I already know what it is.’ Nathalia picked Adam’s brain on his relationship with Paige, to which he admitted: ‘Me and Paige are going really well but I’m a realistic person and it’s only a week.’ He later told the boys about his ‘really good date’ and admitted he was open to getting to know Nathalia despite still liking Paige. However, it seems he had a change of heart later in the evening as he told Paige he would rather have gone on the date with her, and that he’s ready to take their romance seriously. The pair then sealed the new chapter of their romance with a kiss. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island teases drama between Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and bombshell Nathalia Campos as girls battle for Davide Sanclimenti’s affection MORE : Love Island viewers catch on to bombshell Nathalia Campos’ ‘pot stirring’ as she reminds Davide Sanclimenti of importance of ‘trust’ 