Strictly Come Dancing producers are looking to sign celebrities for two same-sex pairings in this year’s 20th-anniversary series, according to reports. Following the success of Great British Bake Off winner John Whaite and former boxer Nicola Adams, who both competed in the last two seasons of the hit programme, it looks like fans could be seeing two same-sex couples featured in the upcoming line-up. ‘It was clear from audience feedback that fans wanted to see celebrities competing with a partner of the same sex if that was their preference,’ an insider said. ‘After an all-female pairing and an all-male pairing, this year they were keen to have both.’ Adding to The Sun, the source said: ‘The thinking is that same-sex pairings will be very much part of Strictly in the future.’ Nicola, 39, was partnered with Katya Jones in 2020 and proved to be a hit with fans, but was forced to withdraw from the competition after Katya contracted Covid. Meanwhile, John and former dance partner Johannes Radebe made it all the way to the final last year and finished in second place behind Rose Ayling-Ellis. The pair, who are both gay, have spoken openly about how much of a positive impact the opportunity had on them, as well as for the LGBTQ+ community. Chatting to Rylan Clark, John said getting to compete with another man in the series has been ‘really incredible.’ ‘The amount of people who have messaged saying their kids can grow up in a world where two men or two women can dance together is mega. ‘Older members of the LGBTQ+ community have been so grateful that they’ve paved the way for this to happen.’ In March, BBC confirmed that show regulars Katya, Johannes, Dianne Buswell, Nadiya Bychkova, Graziano Di Prima, Amy Dowden, Karen Hauer, Neil Jones, Nikita Kuzmin, Gorka Marquez, Giovanni Pernice, Kai Widdrington, Luba Mushtuk, and Nancy Xu will be coming back. This year, Anton Du Beke is set to officially take Bruno Tonioli’s place on the judges’ panel, joining Craig Revel Horwood, Shirley Ballas and Motsi Mabuse. Metro.co.uk has reached out to BBC for comment. Strictly Come Dancing returns later this year to BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shirley Ballas wants a royal to compete on Strictly Come Dancing – and reveals ‘bucket list’ dance partner she wishes to perform with on show MORE : Denise Van Outen turned down Strictly Come Dancing host job before Tess Daly as it ‘sounded boring’ 