Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner have welcomed their second child together, a baby daughter. Congratulations are in order for the Game of Thrones actress and singer couple! Reps for the stars confirmed the happy news, telling People: ‘Joe and Sophie are happy to announce the arrival of their baby girl.’ Joe, 32,  and Sophie, 26, welcomed their first child, daughter Willa, in July 2020. Sophie and Joe were first linked in 2016 and have kept their romance firmly behind closed doors ever since. They tied the knot in a surprise ceremony in Las Vegas in 2019 and started their family the following year. The rumour mill was sent spinning with speculation that they would be adding to their family once again but – true to form – didn’t speak on the reports publicly until they confirmed it by their loved-up appearance at the Met Gala. Sophie told Elle UK that she was ready to focus on her growing family. ‘It’s what life is about for me–raising the next generation,’ she told the magazine. ‘The greatest thing in life is seeing my daughter go from strength to strength. We’re so excited to be expanding the family. It’s the best blessing ever.’ She explained that the new addition to her family was something her eldest daughter took time to get used to: ‘Willa doesn’t quite understand she’s getting a younger sibling. I’ll point to my stomach and say, “What’s in there?” And she’ll go, “Baby.”’ ‘But she is a lot clingier than normal, so I think she has an idea. She wants Mummy all of the time–she’s claiming her territory.’ The actress, who recently appeared in The Staircase, gave a rare insight into motherhood in a new interview, explaining that giving birth had made her better at her day job. ‘It’s made me a better actor, becoming a mother,’ she told The Wrap. ‘Because as an actor, the only way to become a really brilliant actor is to experience as much life as possible and to bring those experiences in, and so this is just another little part of life that I’m experiencing, that I get to bring in, and hopefully it helps my performance one way or another.’ ‘The concept of family has made me an entirely much more emotional person. The empathy is heightened; the feelings about family are just like overflowing.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Exes Kim Kardashian and Kanye West put differences aside to take in daughter North’s basketball game MORE : Pregnant Sophie Turner hangs out with husband Joe Jonas and DNCE bandmates as they take on Memorial Day celebrations 