Boris Johnson’s dubious pledge that he is building 40 new hospitals by 2030 is set to be probed by the spending watchdog. The manifesto commitment was a key part of the prime minister’s election campaign in 2019 but has been dubbed misleading by the opposition. Ministers and the health department have been instructed to refer to refurbishments or the construction of new facilities at existing hospitals as ‘new hospitals’. Now the National Audit Office (NAO) is planning a ‘value for money review’ in the face of increasing costs caused by spiralling inflation. Under pressure from Labour, the body confirmed it would interrogate whether or not the schemes could be classed as ‘new hospitals’ at all as part of the process. The investigation gives Mr Johnson another political problem, potentially raising questions about both his truthfulness and ability to deliver election pledges. The probe emerged in a letter to shadow health secretary Wes Streeting from NAO comptroller Gareth Davies. The Labour MP said many NHS trusts are still awaiting funds to be allocated and many are in fact alterations or refurbishments not ‘new hospitals’. In the letter first reported by the Observer, Mr Davies responded: ‘I can confirm that I already have plans to start a value for money review of the New Hospitals Programme later this year and to report my findings during 2023. ‘I have passed your letter to my Health Value for Money team so it can consider the specific issues you raised as it develops the scope of the review. ‘In particular, I note your comments about the implications of delay for increasing costs at this time of high inflation and the matter of whether all projects truly meet the classification of “new hospitals”.’ Commenting on the investigation, Mr Streeting said: ‘The only place these “40 new hospitals” currently exist is in Boris Johnson’s imagination. ‘The election manifesto promise now looks to be another example of the Conservatives overpromising and underdelivering.’ Communications guidance issued by the Department for Health and Social Care in August 2021 made it clear the government applies a wide definition to what constitutes a ‘new hospital’. It said a ‘major refurbishment’ or a ‘major new clinical building’ at an existing site ‘satisfy the criteria we set of what a new hospital is and so must always be referred to as a new hospital’. The Department of Health and Social Care insisted: ‘We are on track to deliver 40 new hospitals by 2030. ‘We are working closely with the NHS and trusts on the development of their building plans. ‘Each of the building projects will be new hospitals providing brand new, state-of-the-art facilities to ensure world-class provision of healthcare for NHS patients and staff by replacing outdated infrastructure.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.