It had once exemplified Ukraine’s pride in those who have served under its flag, helping wounded soldiers returning from the frontlines. Today, all that remains of the veterans’ rehabilitation centre in war-scarred Borodyanka is skeletal pillars. A direct hit from a Russian tank shell left behind what is now a ruined shell, surrounded by blossoming poppies. Ukraine’s government, however, is being supported by two British charities not just to rebuild, but to turn the facility into a world-leading institution for soldiers left with the devastating after-effects of frontline service. The Ukrainian Veterans’ Rehabilitation Centre was destroyed in early March as Moscow’s forces attacked the town, which lies 40km to the north of Kyiv. Two employees were killed and civilians were buried alive as entire residential apartment blocks were razed to the ground during Moscow’s aborted attempt to advance on the capital. Russian forces briefly occupied the town before their withdrawal at the end of the month, leaving behind ruined buildings and evidence of what one journalist described as ‘absolute savagery’. The Ukrainian government has appealed for international help in rebuilding the facility and is being supported by Bravo Victor and sister charity Blind Veterans UK. The British organisations, which both specialise in improving the lives of visually impaired people, sent a delegation to the embattled country which returned earlier this week after pledging to help with sight loss and rehabilitation services. Professor Renata Gomes, Chief Scientific Officer at Bravo Victor and Maj Gen (Rtd) Nick Caplin, CEO of Blind Veterans UK, spent almost five days visiting Kyiv, Borodyanka, Bucha and Irpin. Hosted by Ukraine’s Ministry of Veterans’ Affairs, they met government ministers, service families, injured veterans and soldiers taking a few days’ leave from the frontline. Ms Gomes told Metro.co.uk: ‘The Ukrainian veterans need us more than ever and it was very difficult for us to hear some of their stories when we met soldiers and their families. ‘The injuries they have sustained are very complex and include polytrauma and a very high number of significant facial injuries which affect at least one eye. Brain and head injuries are also a big concern because they are happening everywhere and there is also the loss of limbs, including up to the knee and above. ‘Many of the younger soldiers have fathers and other relatives who served in Afghanistan and they are describing the type of warfare and injuries as worse than the previous generations experienced.’ The charities signed a memorandum of understanding with the Ukrainian government and met ministers to discuss ways of building a world-class holistic rehabilitation model. Emblematic of the joint effort is the ruined centre, which was shelled as civilian and residential areas were reduced to rubble as Russian forces tried to advance on Kyiv. The facility had supported soldiers and military families since the outbreak of the Donbass conflict with Russia in 2014. ‘There are only pillars left,’ Ms Gomes said. ‘The building had been standing since the 1920s but the only thing that exists there now is the ruins and the poppies which were blooming when we visited. ‘The minister has made clear that, while they have nothing now, they are going to rebuild it to be outstanding. It’s going to lead the world in research and rehabilitation and people will be able to visit and learn about what happened here so it doesn’t happen elsewhere.’ Ms Gomes, 37, and Maj Gen Caplin attended back-to-back meetings with Ukraine’s Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, Major General Yulia Laputina, and other ministers in Kyiv. ‘Veterans have an extremely high status in Ukraine, they are regarded as the nation’s heroes,’ Ms Gomes said. ‘The ministry is is an outstanding facilitator of intergovernmental relations and other government departments will support, learn from and use the work we are developing with the ministry so the wider population can benefit from those services.’ On June 25, Armed Forces Day, the delegation accompanied Maj Gen Laputina and her deputy, Inna Draganchuk, to Borodyanka, Bucha and Irpin, where they met with locals and heard harrowing stories in an area where Russian forces left behind mass graves and bodies on the streets. The trip took place under fraught security conditions, taking 14 hours each way to enter and leave the country, with the final days coinciding with Russia launching a fresh barrage of missile attacks on Kyiv. ‘The Ukrainians are pleased and grateful to see us working together extremely hard,’ Ms Gomes said.  ‘They are asking us to leverage, in terms of Blind Veterans UK, over a hundred years of sight loss and complex injury rehabilitation so they can help their own. ‘They want to learn from that experience so they can rebuild their nation and take care of their veterans.’ Once reconstructed, it is envisaged that the centre will become an international platform for collaborative research by Bravo Victor and other specialists in fields such as science, physiology, philosophy and psychiatry. Maj Gen Laputina wants each wounded person who undergoes anaesthesia to have a psychologist present when they wake up and to scale this to the civilian population.  The rebuilt centre is also intended to serve as a reminder of the atrocities and alleged war crimes committed by Russian forces during the full-scale invasion. Maj Gen Laputina said: ‘It will be a combination of a humanitarian mission and a mission of providing rehabilitation services, a truly holistic approach.’ Ms Gomes, from Wiltshire, and her group were given a reminder of the heavy toll borne by Ukraine as the region came under intense fire towards the end of their visit. ‘The number of people living with sight loss and other impairments in Ukraine is increasing at a staggering rate,’ she said. ‘Early intervention and the detailed understanding through research of the severity of these injuries will be key in ensuring the right level of care is delivered.  As a world leader in research of ocular trauma, we will play a significant role supporting Ukraine’s road to recovery. ‘When the time comes, the work we do now will serve to prepare for the healing of wounds and the restoration of a nation.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.