Pat and Betty Burke were trying to do a good deed when they retrieved a dumped Aldi trolley found near their home. The couple took it back to their home in Deal, Kent, and kept it in their front garden, but it proved rather difficult trying to get a member of staff to collect it. In the end, the Burkes, aged 80, were stuck with it for seven whole weeks, after plenty of back and forth with the supermarket. When Betty rang up the customer services department, she was told to keep it in the front garden and a member of staff would come along and pick it up. Even after phoning back twice and visiting the store, no one came to pick up the trolley. Betty described the whole scenario as ‘nonsense’ and believes Aldi should have come by to collect the trolley sooner. She said she could not walk the trolley back due to her mobility issues and she has to stay at home to look after her disabled husband who is partially-sighted. The trolley is also too big for the elderly couple to fit in their car. Betty said: ‘It’s all been nonsense. It’s not damaged so they could have come over and wheeled it back straight away. I even cleaned it for them. ‘It would take one of their staff 15 to 20 minutes to walk over and pick it up. ‘They told us they were sorry it hadn’t been collected but in the end we were told this had to be dealt with by head office. ‘It seemed wicked to just leave it there. It could have got vandalised. I’m told these trolleys cost about £100 each. Pat said: ‘I don’t like to see things thrown away and wasted. Because I’m disabled I couldn’t take it back down there. I’d love to be able to.’ The trolley was taken back by Aldi on Tuesday this week. A spokesman for Aldi said: ‘We apologise for the inconvenience this has caused Mr and Mrs Burke. We’re pleased this has now been resolved by the team at their local store.’ The company says that a delay in response from the trolley retrieval firm to Aldi’s customer services team prevented it from being collected sooner. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.