A 22-year-old man arrested after three people were shot dead in a shopping centre in Denmark is being held at a psychiatric facility. At least seven people were struck by bullets when a rifle-wielding male opened fire on shoppers in the multi-storey mall in the south of Copenhagen on Sunday afternoon. The suspect, who also had a knife, was detained at the scene and charged with murder. Following a two-hour hearing he was remanded into a ‘closed psychiatric ward’, logal police tweeted. They previously said he had mental health issues and showed no indication of a terror-related motive. The gunman was said to have shot at random, ‘not motivated by gender or anything else’. Denmark allows civilians to own handguns and semi-automatic rifles with special licences for specific activities such as collecting and hunting, although automatic weapons are banned outright. Licence-holders must be 18 or older and pass background checks on their criminal and mental health records. The Field’s shopping centre is popular with young people as it is near a secondary school and a large block of student flats. The deceased included a man in his forties, a young man and a young woman, according to local authorities. Of the four survivors – a mix of Danish and Swedish men and women aged 16 to 50 – one remained in critical condition on Monday afternoon. Men, women and children were seen fleeing the shopping centre in the aftermath of the attack while armed officers rushed to the scene. A number of them said they had hidden in toilets, shops and storage rooms after hearing the gunfire. A survivor named Isabelle told Danish media: ‘Suddenly we hear shots – 10 shots I think – and then we run through the mall and end up in a toilet, where we huddle together in this tiny toilet, where we are around 11 people. ‘It’s really hot and we wait and we are really scared. It’s been a terrible experience.’ The British singer Harry Styles was due to perform at a concert venue less than a mile away later in the evening. The gig was cancelled following the tragedy. In a Snapchat message, he wrote: ‘My team and I pray for everyone involved in the Copenhagen shopping mall shooting. I am shocked.’ The Danish prime minister, Mette Frederiksen, said in a statement on Sunday: ‘Denmark was hit by a cruel attack on Sunday night. Several were killed. ‘Even more wounded. Innocent families shopping or eating out. Children, adolescents and adults. ‘Our beautiful and usually so safe capital was changed in a split second. I want to encourage the Danes to stand together and support each other in this difficult time.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.