Andrew Le Page delivered an intense line on this evening’s Love Island, after both he and Tasha Ghouri chose to recouple with Casa Amor bombshells. The pair had been together since the start of Love Island, but Casa Amor worked its magic and in tonight’s explosive reunion, both Tasha and Andrew chose to recouple. Andrew, choosing to couple up with Coco Lodge, began: ‘I’m very thankful for the Casa Amor girls coming and telling me exactly what she’s been saying behind my back. ‘My feelings weren’t fake. I was falling for the girl but I’m glad the truth has come out.’ When Tasha walked into the villa with Billy Brown, Andrew continued: ‘F***ing joke. She’s fake. ‘She tells more lies than Pinocchio.’ Viewers couldn’t tear their eyes away from the drama, especially after Andrew delivered the savage line. Later on, Andrew and Tasha tried to talk things through, but it only ended in an even more explosive row. Andrew began by explaining how his ‘head was probably not going to be turned’ before the Casa Amor girls told him ‘to open his eyes’ about what Tasha had supposedly said behind his back. He then went on to say he felt like a ‘mug’, before Tasha jumped in to defend herself. ‘Those girls don’t know s*** Andrew! They don’t see day in day out,’ she slammed back, going on to say she ‘felt more me’ as time went on in Casa Amor, which lead her to getting to know Billy. ‘I felt like I owed it to myself to explore it with Billy,’ she said. The pair then managed to end it amicably with a cuddle, after Andrew said how hurt he was, but admitted he still ‘thinks the world’ of Tasha. Will they continue to get to know the new bombshells or will their flame reignite despite the explosive row? Elsewhere in tonight’s episode, things heated up between Dami and Indiyah Polack, as they both chose to recouple. The brutal recoupling on Thursday saw Dami recouple with Summer Botwe, before Indiyah walked back in with Deji Adeniyi – and you could cut the tension with a knife. After declaring that he and Indiyah ‘still have a connection, Dami went on to say: ‘Summer’s not over’, leaving islanders Ekin-Su Culculoglu and Danica Taylor horrified. Indiyah said: ‘I had a great time in Casa, i felt like i need to follow my head and I’m glad I did.’ She added: ‘Everything happens for a reason.’ As things got even more tense, Dami insisted: ‘We’re heartbreakers’, with Indiyah dropping the immediately iconic line: ‘May the best heartbreaker win.’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘May the best heartbreaker win’: Love Island stars in shock as Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope both recouple after Casa Amor MORE : Jacques O’Neill will ‘get away with disgusting behaviour to Paige Thorne’: Love Island body language expert analyses Casa Amor love rat 