Three Love Island couples face being dumped from the villa on Wednesday night, including Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack, who have only just confessed their love for each other. During Tuesday’s episode, the islanders were shocked as they quickly learned that the public have been voting for their favourite pairings and that the duo with the fewest votes would be eliminated. As it stands, Dami and Indiyah are vulnerable, and so are Adam Collard and Paige Thorne, and Jamie Allen and Danica Taylor. The results of the dumping weren’t revealed. Viewers will have to sit tight until tomorrow to find which couple has been sent packing. The dramatic dumping comes less than a week before the show’s finale on August 1, where the winning couple will decide whether to split or steal the £50,000 prize money. Tonight’s episode proved to be fairly dramatic, with Luca Bish storming out of the villa after the Mile High Club challenge, which saw the girls dress up as cabin crew and prep their chosen passenger for a private Mile High Club moment. Following the game, Luca was ‘in a mood’ with his partner Gemma Owen for getting close to some of the other boys, including Adam Collard, who she licked. The couple later readdressed the situation on the terrace where they continued to have differences of opinion on whether the behaviour was acceptable because it was in a challenge. Tensions were raised as Luca said: ‘I don’t want to be in a relationship where we’re having these stupid chats’ to which Gemma replied: ‘Nor do I.’ He then asked if she still wanted to be in a relationship with him to which she agreed she did but the situation appeared unresolved as she walked off. Love Island continues on Wednesday at 9pm on ITV2. MORE : Love Island star Luca Bish’s family defend him after fuming at Gemma Owen over challenge: ‘Don’t feel he’s done anything wrong’ MORE : Love Island fans disgusted after spotting an ant crawling over Davide Sanclimenti’s food Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 