You’d think beauty editors would favour the luxury and costly brands, seeing as they get sent samples for free – but we know better. It’s no secret that many of the big names in beauty love CeraVe, a low-cost American skincare brand using uncomplicated formulations. Why? Because it’s effective, won’t play against any intensive actives, is good for sensitised skin, and it won’t break the bank. Today on Amazon Prime Day, you can get most of the products for a discounted price – making the budget brand even more affordable. You can’t go wrong no matter what you buy, but these are our top picks to add to cart today. Get it for £9. If your skin is dry and always feels stripped back after cleansing, this is the cleaner to try – it’s gentle and effective. It’s a bestseller for a reason. Get it for £7. Jess, Metro.co.uk Lifestyle Reporter and our shopping expert, says:’This is genuinely my favourite for in the shower or bath – your face feels so clean, but not tight and dry.’ It gets our seal of approval, and the hero ingredient here – salicylic acid – is great for oily, spot prone skin too. Get it for £8.96. Skin in need of a super quench will enjoy this simple cream. No frills, just hydration. Get it for £8. If your eyes are sensitive, the new generation of retinol eye creams won’t do – take it back to the basics with this easy-on-the-eye cream. It won’t transform dark circles – sadly no cream will – but it will easy puffiness. Shopping: This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The hemp-based beauty products you should add to your skincare routine MORE : Celebrity skincare brands – a dermatologist reveals if they are any good and what to watch out for MORE : The best eye skincare products in 2022