Bailiffs are chasing money from two NHS workers caught parking without permits while tending to a dying Covid patient. Linda Somboongedd and Stacey Batten left their cars on an estate in Canterbury  for about 40 minutes on consecutive days to help the man, who passed away shortly after. Both healthcare assistants had their uniforms and badges on, and had Covid and NHS stickers on their vehicles explaining why they had parked there. But they were hit with £60 fines from UK Car Park Management Ltd, which have since risen to £170. Defiant, Linda stressed: ‘They can lock me up – I’m not paying it.’ The incident happened in April last year – just months after the nation clapped for hero NHS workers for saving the lives of tens of thousands of Covid patients. Linda, 59, parked in Stonebridge Road – where visitor permits are required – to care for the man who had contracted the virus. ‘It was a parking bay near his flat. It had “visitors parking” in front of it,’ said the grandmother and mum-of-six. ‘I was in there about half-an-hour or 40 minutes, and a week later I got a ticket through the door.’ Her colleague Stacey, who had parked there the previous day to care for the same man, was also slapped with the same fine. The pair appealed the charges but Linda said the private firm ‘was not interested’. Linda added: ‘If I paid now I’d pay £170, but if I took it to court I’d pay £285.’ Both HSEs have received about seven letters from UK Car Park Management Ltd since April, and now a debt recovery firm has contacted them. Linda contracted Covid from a patient before passing it to her husband, who fell seriously ill and still suffers as a result. Explaining that her fight is ‘not about the money’, she said: ‘I’ve got the money – I could pay it tomorrow. It’s the respect really – it’s just the whole principle. ‘It’s scary enough for us going into these patients’ homes knowing the chance of catching it, without having these stupid people giving us parking tickets just for going in to help these people that are seriously ill. ‘I’m not better than anyone else who’s been doing the job. We all worked really hard over the pandemic, and even now we’ve got lots of Covid patients – we’re still going out, we’re still doing our job. ‘But we’ve still got to watch where we park our cars because of people like this.’ Healthcare staff are already quitting in droves, citing burnout and pay as leading factors. Earlier this year, most trusts also reintroduced parking charges for employees, further worsening the cost of living for them. Metro.co.uk has contacted UK Car Park Management Ltd for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.