A 13-year-old girl was placed in an induced coma after suffering a brain injury on a school playground. Neeka Atkinson’s family claim an unknown boy picked her up by the neck and she ‘dropped’ on her head into the concrete ground at Archbishop Sentamu Academy in Hull. The youngster was initially conscious but she started having fits and was rushed to hospital. ‘She began fitting and her eyes were rolling and she was being sick,’ her sister Alisha said. ‘Neeka was rushed to hospital, they induced her into a coma and did a CT scan immediately. ‘They found that she had a big blood clot on her brain and also a bleed on the brain. Within minutes she was rushed to surgery that she was in for four hours. ‘They don’t have the facilities to keep her in Hull Royal, so she is waiting for a transfer to either Leeds or Sheffield. ‘They said any further hospitals they try to send her to will be too far and she won’t make it.’ Neeka is said to have regained consciousness but can only use the right side of her face and is struggling to speak. Her sister said she asked her grandmother if she was ‘dead’ because her body was not functioning properly. Humberside Police confirmed they are investigating the incident and a teenage boy was interviewed. Helen Winn, who started as executive principal at the school this week, said: ‘We are all desperately worried about our 13-year-old student following an incident last week. ‘All our thoughts are with her, her family and her friends at this very difficult time. ‘We are enormously grateful for the outstanding work of our healthcare professionals who we know are doing all they can for her. ‘Because of the police involvement in the case, we are unable to say anything further at this stage.’ Alisha set up a GoFundMe to help pay for accommodation and travel to Sheffield for their grandmother, once Neeka is flown to Sheffield. Any extra money will go towards the girl’s rehabilitation and equipment she may need in the future. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.