A student diagnosed with incurable brain cancer has fulfilled her dream of presenting the weather forecast for the BBC. In 2018, Laura Nuttall was diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme after going for a routine eye test, discovering she had eight tumours. Last week, the now-22-year-old celebrated her graduation four years after she was told she only had 12 months to live, and has also ticked off aspirations on her bucket-list including meeting Michelle Obama, going for drinks with Peter Kay and commanding a Royal Navy ship. She has now achieved another ambition – delivering the weather forecast for BBC North West Tonight, having been welcomed into the studio by weatherman Owain Wyn Evans. In a clip shared by the broadcaster, Owain spoke to Laura backstage as she was having her makeup done in preparation for the broadcast. ‘How are you feeling about doing your first weather forecast?’ Owain asked her, as she replied: ‘I am looking forward to it. I can’t wait.’ The pair walked into the studio together, with Laura wearing an olive-green T-shirt with a cloud and lightning bolt design. Owain then revealed that he had a surprise for his guest – with her name appearing on the monitor set to air on TV underneath ‘BBC Weather’. The seasoned weatherman explained that they would be sharing the weather-presenting stint, which would see him swap places with Laura so that she could speak about the pressure chart and the weather that members of the public could expect on Wednesday. While initially appearing nervous in one of her first takes, Laura then calmly read off the teleprompter while rehearsing for the final go. The clip was subsequently shown of the final cut, with the recent graduate reading: ‘As you can see, we have an area of high pressure moving towards the UK, a possibility of some rain on Thursday. Highs of 23 degrees, but mostly good.’ She then signed off with a huge smile on her face, telling viewers: ‘That’s the weather from me.’ Owain later praised Laura’s performance on Twitter, writing: ‘Laura, you’re amazing ❤️ So wonderful to have Laura on @BBCNWT yesterday doing our weather! ☀️ Currently most watched on the BBC News website, which is just fabulous x.’ Laura is an ambassador for The Brain Tumour Charity and recently joined the board of OurBrainBank, a charity that’s working to make glioblastoma change from being terminal to treatable. She plans on continuing to raise awareness of brain conditions and fundraise for brain charities, as well as highlight the research that’s being conducted at the University of Manchester, where she graduated from. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2023 being hosted in UK ‘could cost BBC tens of millions of pounds’ despite huge cuts MORE : Dame Deborah James’ podcast honoured with top award after her death from bowel cancer aged 40 