A thunderstorm warning has been issued for large swathes of southern England. The post-heatwave washout is expected to hit parts of south west and south east England, along with areas of Wales, from 10am on Friday. A 12-hour yellow alert, warning for lightning and ‘sudden flooding’, will remain in place until 10pm. It comes after temperatures reached an unprecedented 40.3C on Tuesday – making it the UK’s hottest day ever. Major fire incidents were declared in London, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire and South Yorkshire when bone-dry fields and woodland went up in flames. The London Fire Brigade (LFB) had its busiest day since the Second World War as it responded to hundreds of fires across the capital. There were no deaths but more than 40 houses and shops were destroyed by huge grass fires spreading to nearby buildings, including in Wennington, Dagenham and Kenton. Claire Taylor, 40, lost all but her grandfather’s ashes, some photos and clothes when the fires hit Wennington. Her family was one of around 90 to be evacuated, and while residents sought to rescue pets and salvage belongings, some had to flee empty-handed. Barnsley endured one of the worst fires, where six houses on Woodland Drive were engulfed after a blaze broke out in a back garden. Locals battled the flames with hosepipes for 45 minutes until crews arrived in a desperate attempt to stop it spreading to more homes. Elsewhere in South Yorkshire, there was a serious fire in the village of Clayton, while there were 280 fires in Norfolk alone on Tuesday. Suffolk crews were called to more than 60 incidents, describing the situation as ‘unprecedented’. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.