George Clarke has moved on from his wife after four years of marriage with a new girlfriend, reports claim. The Amazing Spaces presenter split from Katie Morgan Jones in February, however, he’s now been romantically linked to Swiss opera singer Florence Hvorostovsky. Although details of when George’s new relationship began, the pair were spotted at Wimbledon together at the beginning of this month where they posed for photos. In one snap, the pair smiled for the camera as they wrapped an arm around each other. They were also recently photographed walking hand in hand while on holiday in Ibiza after having a spot of lunch at El Chiringuito. Florence, 52, was previously married to Russian baritone Dmitri Hvorostovsky, with whom she shares two teenage children. Hvorostovsky died of brain cancer in 2017 aged 55. The singer is said to have maintained a relationship with her late husband’s family following his death, and they’re fully supportive of her choice to find love again. Hvorostovsky’s cousin Alexey Zarkhin said: ‘We must understand that if a woman doesn’t support her femininity, she would quite quickly turn into an old lady.’ He continued to Mail Online: ‘Nobody would be interested in her then – neither her children, nor anyone else. ‘So however great was her late husband, and however much she loved him, we all – us all, her children, and the public – need a vibrant, lively, beautiful Florence.’ George, 47, previously married senior marketing consultant Katie, 42, in an Ibiza beach wedding in 2018. Before that, he was married to animator and art director Catriona Drummond from 2009 to 2014, with whom he shares sons Georgie and Emilio, and a daughter, Iona. In a statement confirming their divorce at the time, George said: ‘We have been married quite a long time and decided to part. ‘We have separate custody of the kids and are going through an amicable separation and divorce.’ In February, it was reported that George and Katie had put their countryside bungalow up for sale. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 