Love Island fans are fearing an ‘iconic’ moment will be left out of this series after some already explosive Casa Amor recoupling drama. The moment in question has brought plenty of drama over previous series, revealing to the Islanders who really stayed loyal during Casa Amor and who lied to their partners about what went down. That’s right, we’re talking about movie night. This year, we’ve already seen Jacques O’Neill’s behaviour exposed to Paige Thorne after Cheyanne Kerr revealed their Casa Amor antics, meanwhile Coco Lodge didn’t hold back in telling Tasha Ghouri the intimate details she shared with Andrew Le Page. But, does Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu know about any flirting that went on between Davide Sanclimenti and any of the new bombshells? Or will Luca Bish find out who Gemma Owen shared a bed with? Of course, fans are desperate for the movie night drama, which last year caused so much chaos between Faye Winter and Teddy Soares that a record number of viewers complained to Ofcom over their explosive row. But fans are worried movie night might not actually happen this year. ‘I don’t think we are going to get a movie night because they are going to do the dumping on Sunday I think. I wanted everyone to see how foul the boys have been,’ one viewer wrote. Another fan penned: ‘They NEED to run movie night, and I don’t want edited clips I want full on sections from casa showing how the boys were talking about the girls, their behaviours and how they were hyping each other up.’ ‘How soon did movie night happen after last year’s casa? I’m getting impatient and have a feeling they are forgoing it…’ another wrote. Others have been begging for a movie night soon, with many hoping the boys’ behaviour will be highlighted to the girls. ‘Where has the movie night gone? Bring it up right now,’ one wrote, while another added: ‘We need the movie night NOW, before the girls get comfortable and start thinking these guys are worth forgiving. show them the real tea!!’ While a dramatic movie night may not be confirmed to air soon, a first look at tonight’s episode, after fans have been asked to vote for their favourite islanders, looks to be as exciting as ever. Love Island representatives declined to comment when Metro.co.uk reached out. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Gemma Owen warns Billy Brown to ‘get off’ her as they flirt in front of Luca Bish MORE : ‘Missing’ Love Island star hits back after ‘not being shown on screen’ during Casa Amor