Spain has reported its first monkeypox-related death in what is thought to be Europe’s first known fatality from the disease and the second outside of Africa in the current outbreak. The World Health Organization said in a report last week that five deaths had been reported worldwide – all in the African region. Brazil reported the first monkeypox-related death outside the continent earlier on Friday. The WHO last Saturday declared the rapidly spreading outbreak a global health emergency, its highest level of alert. WHO director-general Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said there are now more than 16,000 reported cases from 75 countries and territories. In its latest report, the Spanish Health Ministry said 4,298 cases had been confirmed in the country. Of the 3,750 patients it had information on, it said 120 had been hospitalised – accounting for 3.2% – and one had died, without providing further details. A spokesperson for the Health Ministry declined to give further details on the deceased person. Monkeypox is related to smallpox and cases are usually found in West and Central Africa, with the virus not often spreading elsewhere. That is why outbreaks reported in multiple countries, including the UK and across Europe, caused alarm among public health experts. The disease, which was first discovered in monkeys, is usually mild but can cause severe illness in some cases. Most patients experience only fever, body aches, chills and fatigue, but some may develop a rash and lesions on the face and hands that can spread to other parts of the body. The rash can look like chickenpox or syphilis, and scabs can form which then fall off. Most people recover within a few weeks. The incubation period of monkeypox is usually from six to 13 days, but can range from five to 21 days. The most likely route of transmission is close physical contact, touching clothing, bedding or towels used by someone with the monkeypox rash, or touching monkeypox skin blisters or scabs. There is a smaller risk of it being spread through coughs and sneezes, and as prolonged face-to-face contact would be needed, this is not one of the main routes. Sexual intercourse is thought to expose people to a higher risk of contracting the disease as, although it is not known to be sexually transmitted, the close physical contact involved means exposure is more likely. A majority of the cases seen so far have been in gay and bisexual men and men who have sex with men. The type of monkeypox involved in the outbreak is a West African variety said to be fatal in only one per cent of cases. The UK Health Security Agency said that, after the WHO declaration of a global emergency, the risk to the UK remains the same. As of July 21, there were 2,208 confirmed cases in the UK. Of those, 2,115 were in England, with a high proportion of cases in London. UKHSA guidance for close contacts of a confirmed monkeypox case has been updated to advise that close contacts do not need to isolate at home if they do not have symptoms. Close contacts are advised to call NHS 111 or a sexual health clinic if they develop a fever or any monkeypox symptoms, and to avoid skin-to-skin contact with others, avoid international travel if possible and to let health or dental facility staff know they are a close contact before attending appointments. Because it can take up to three weeks for symptoms to appear after being in contact with someone with monkeypox, people are advised to stay alert for symptoms after having skin-to-skin or sexual contact with someone new. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.