Kim Kardashian has stunned in her new cover shoot, serving Rapunzel as she let her lengthy blonde locks down. The star seems to have embraced the mantra of blondes have more fun, after matching ‘dos with her boyfriend Pete Davidson, and now wearing her hair down to the floor in the cover photos for Allure magazine. Rocking the barely-there look, she donned nude bodysuit, with her hair meticulously styled into plaits that draped their way around her body for one snap. Another photo sees Kim gazing into the camera as she dons a nude catsuit, with her hair worn loose and draping to the floor. Clearly, help was needed for the unwieldy locks – so in another snap, some of her team are seen posing on ladders and to the side of her to hold her locks in the air. In the interview, Kim, 41, revealed that even she has her insecurities, admitting she thinks her hands are her worst feature. ‘I’m at peace with not being perfect and I wasn’t like that before, I hate my hands — they’re wrinkly and gross,’ she said. Kim’s new look comes after she divided fans with her model strut, when she took on Paris Couture Week with Naomi Campbell, Bella Hadid, Dua Lipa and Nicole Kidman for Balenciaga’s show. Kim – who is in Paris with her extraordinarily fashionable nine-year-old North West, and her mum/momager Kris Jenner – has long been a Balenciaga fan, fronting its recent bag campaign, but this couture show takes her involvement to a whole new level. The star strutted that runway mama, but while some saw a sophisticated walk, the memes also rolled in, with some likening the movements to those of a video game character. Elsewhere in the world of Kim K’s fashion, she recently baffled fans by having the British town of Barnsley emblazoned on her bum when she once again repped Balenciaga this week. It was revealed that there was actually a pretty sweet reason behind it, with the designer garment documenting the birthdays and birth places of team members working for the fashion house. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian has us gasping as she walks star-studded Balenciaga show alongside Naomi Campbell and Nicole Kidman MORE : Kim Kardashian steps out with Barnsley on her bum and there’s a very wholesome hidden reason behind it 