Charlie Radnedge and Antigoni Buxton are the latest stars to have been dumped from the Love Island villa. The decision was left down to their co-stars to make, with the girls deciding which boy should be dumped as the boys chose the girl to leave. Their fates had been hanging in the balance after viewers were asked to vote for the couples they believed were most compatible. The three pairings with the fewest amount of votes were left vulnerable, with the ultimate choice being left up to their fellow Islanders in a savage twist. Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri, Danica Taylor and Jay Younger and Antigoni and Charlie were the ones who received the fewest votes from the public, but the former four were given another chance to impress by their fellow hopefuls. Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu announced the girls’ decision, telling the three lads: ‘You all deserve a long chance in here and a shot. It was very hard for us to decide between the three of you but we just had to come to a decision together. ‘So the boy that the girls have decided to be dumped from the island is Charlie.’ Luca Bish announced the boys’ choice, adding: ‘Obviously this ain’t been an easy decision for any of us. You’re all beautiful girls, inside and out, I think you all know that, and it will be gutting to see one of you leave. ‘But obviously we are all here to find love, that being one of the biggest factors in it, who will be more open to that and who’s got better connections at the minute. ‘I’ll be gutted to see any of you go at the end of the day so… yeah. So the girl the boys have decided to dump from the Island is Antigoni.’ Paige Thorne was seen looking furious and making faces as Antigoni’s name was announced, asking Gemma Owen: ‘What the actual is going on right now?’ In her exit interview Antigoni admitted: ‘I’m sad because I was having so much fun and I feel like the right guy didn’t come in for me but you know, there’s lots of guys on the outside!’ Charlie added: ‘Likewise for me, it would have been good if there was some other girls in there that I got along with better but yeah.’ After the vote, Danica thanked Luca, Davide Sanclimenti and Dami Hope for making the decision to save her over Antigoni despite them all being close to Antigoni. The remaining couples are set for a shake-up as new bombshells are about to enter the villa for Casa Amor. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island reveals Casa Amor bombshells – with Ronan Keating’s son entering villa MORE : First look at Love Island’s Casa Amor as chaos is set to ensue for the couples 