Jeremy Vine was left stunned by the ‘angry’ response from anti-vaxxers after he opened up about his latest bout of Covid. The Channel 5 broadcaster fell ill on Saturday and set in a video message which was aired on The Jeremy Vine Show when he was ‘feeling sorry for himself’, but he didn’t get much sympathy from some people on social media. He returned to the programme on Friday after recovering from his brief bout with the coronavirus, and explained: ‘I had a little bit of the Covid, it was a three day wonder. ‘This was the film I made at the height – I was a bit feeling sorry for myself here. I was in bed and I had a temperature at a sore throat, that very, very red line there. ‘I just sent that into the show to say, “Look, this is how it’s going!” People got very angry about it.’ Jeremy – who has been vaccinated – then went over to the display on the wall to read out some of the tweets he received in response to his video, noting that all he said in the clip was that he was ‘feeling unwell’ and ‘a bit sorry for myself’, while urging people to ‘be careful if you’re vulnerable’. However, plenty of people trolled him with anti-vax messages and misinformation, including one person who said: ‘Hmmm sooo the vaccines doesn’t work?.. well they do! They make your immune system sooo weak, that will catch covid again and again… and each dose will just make things worse.. FACE IT… (sic)’ Another person ranted: ‘Don’t even think about banging on about face nappies and shutting down the economy again. You are a Government sponsored media puppet and we see you for what you are. Pathetic.’ And a different Twitter user claimed: ‘Have you considered the possibility that the reason you are suffering badly is because you’re vaccinated?’ ‘This is interesting, isn’t it? There’s a lot of this,’ Jeremy said as he read out the tweets. ‘This is a big anti-vax thing!’ Jeremy admitted he was struggled to get his head around the responses – which he noted ‘all say the same thing of thing’ – and he wondered why there was such an influx of misinformation on social media. He added: ‘So, the idea – I’m just getting my head around this – is that you end up getting Covid because you’ve had the vaccine? Here I am! I went ill on Saturday morning and I’m back at work on Friday! ‘I don’t get it. What is this misinformation thing, Lucy? What is it about?’ Psychotherapist Lucy Beresford – who was appearing on the show – suggested: ‘Some people like to be contrary… It might have no basis in fact, no basis in truth, but they feel that the important thing is that they can speak to you.’ Jeremy pointed out that his first bout of Covid came before he’d been vaccinated, and his most recent – which he described as a ‘fly-by’ – was a minor case, although he acknowledged the severity of the illness. ‘They are angry! This is the second time I’ve had Covid, so they say, “Well you’ve had three vaccines and two bouts of Covid.” I can’t then say, well, the first time I had Covid I hadn’t been vaccinated so that’s quite an important point to make,’ he explained. ‘And the second time, it was just a fly-by! I feel fine… I appreciate I’ve probably been a bit lucky because I haven’t had it badly either time I had it. I do want to pay respect to the fact that we lost 150,000 souls in this country who did not recover from having it.’ The Jeremy Vine Show airs weekdays at 9.15am on Channel 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jeremy Vine criticises government for no longer mentioning Covid as he and co-presenters are sick ‘in bed with it’ MORE : Jeremy Vine cuts off Dr Shola Mos-Shogbamimu in heated Prince William slavery debate: ‘Why should he apologise?’ 