Love Island star Jazmine Nicol revealed she had an explosive row with Coco Lodge after confiding in her about her feelings for Andrew Le Page. The 21-year-old bombshell arrived at the villa alongside former stars Mollie Salmon and Cheyanne Kerr with the hopes of turning the heads of the main villa boys. While fans were convinced that Jazmin was ‘missing’ due to the lack of screen time, according to the star she was involved in a fiery love triangle between Coco and Andrew. As soon as she stepped into the villa, Jazmin explained that she formed a strong connection with Andrew, and even claimed the 27-year-old estate agent ‘manifested’ her. During her interview on the Murad Merali podcast, she said: ‘He [Andrew] literally said my prayers have been answered, you’re the girl. ‘He kissed me and Cheyanne and said, “you are my top two,” Coco was never mentioned.’ She also claimed that their evident connection prompted the other lads to say she’s ‘all for Andrew’ and even Jazmine was under the impression that she was ‘going to come out with a boyfriend.’ After the Casa Amor girls made their feelings known about his and Tasha Ghouri’s rocky relationship, Andrew decided to put himself first and spent a lot of time getting to know Coco (we’re all still processing t*t gate to be honest). However, as soon as Jazmine expressed her feelings for Andrew to her ‘close’ friend, she claimed that Coco, 27, shared a smooch with Andrew minutes later. ‘I was shouting at Coco,’ she said. ‘I’m a girls girl through and through so if you disrespect me when I’ve let you in, it’s kind of like “why did you say I could trust you?”’ Although fans were living for Andrew’s villain arc after feeling disrespected by Tasha, the pair gave into their feelings during Tuesday’s episode and sealed it with a kiss. During last night’s episode, Jacques O’Neill left the villa after declaring he hadn’t been himself. Paige Thorne confessed that she felt ‘guilty’, while Jacques reassured her that she had nothing to feel guilty about by choosing to stay. Metro.co.uk as reached out to ITV for comment. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tearful Jacques O’Neill quits villa and ‘ultimate’ bombshell Adam Collard gets his flirt on to rile the boys – Love Island episode 37 talking points MORE : Love Island’s Gemma Owen reveals Paige Thorne’s chat with Adam Collard to boys – despite being threatened with ‘World War III’ 