Love Island promised to bring all the drama tonight and it absolutely delivered, especially as things seemed to get fiery between the Casa Amor bombshells and the original islanders when Gemma Owen mouthed her thoughts to Ekin-Su Cülcüloglu. Ekin-Su and Gemma had returned back to the sides of Davide Sanclimenti and Luca Bish in the highly anticipated recoupling, and while they were happy to be back with their partners, they didn’t seem impressed by the other girls. At the time, Dami Hope and Jay Younger had both decided to recouple with Casa Amor girls, and Gemma and Ekin-Su made it clear how they felt about them. Mouthing to Ekin-Su, Gemma said: ‘The girls are b******.’ ‘I don’t like them at all,’ Ekin-Su replied, sitting across the fire pit. Viewers were more than amused at the exchange, which had subtitles for those of us watching at home, meaning we didn’t miss out on the secret exchange even if the Casa Amor girls, who were stood right in front of them, did. ‘Ekin-Su and Gemma are my favourite friendship duo,’ one viewer wrote, while another added: ‘Gemma and Ekin-Su teaming up to take down the Casa Amor s*** stirrers is the villain origin story we didn’t know we needed.’ ‘Ekin-Su and Gemma’s older and younger sister dynamic is everything,’ another person wrote, with someone else replying: ‘At this stage I want them to win it as a couple.’ Later in the evening, Tasha Ghouri slammed the Casa Amor girls in an explosive row with Andrew Le Page, after they had both chosen to recouple. Andrew blamed his decision on things the Casa Amor girls had been telling him, which caused him to brand Tasha as ‘fake’, saying: ‘She tells more lies than Pinocchio.’ Andrew began by explaining how his ‘head was probably not going to be turned’ before the Casa Amor girls told him ‘to open his eyes’ about what Tasha had supposedly said behind his back. He then went on to say he felt like a ‘mug’, before Tasha jumped in to defend herself. ‘Those girls don’t know s*** Andrew! They don’t see day in day out,’ she slammed back. Viewers watching the drama unfold at home were already predicting the tension between the Casa Amor girls and original girls in upcoming episodes, while praising the original islanders for sticking together and supporting each other. ‘The tension brewing between the og girls and casa girls is remarkable and I’m here for it,’ one viewer wrote. Another penned: ‘Need the og girls and casa amor girls all around fire pit having a heated chat tomorrow.’ ‘I can already see that the casa girls and the OG girls are not going to get along,’ someone else commented. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘May the best heartbreaker win’: Love Island stars in shock as Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope both recouple after Casa Amor MORE : Jacques O’Neill will ‘get away with disgusting behaviour to Paige Thorne’: Love Island body language expert analyses Casa Amor love rat 