An MP has pledged to ‘find a million missing mammograms’ in order to save lives across the UK. Dawn Butler has teamed up with Metro.co.uk as part of a new campaign to ensure cancer diagnoses are caught as early as possible. A million women in the UK are thought to have missed their most recent mammogram screenings. Thousands more could be living with breast cancer without realising. The pandemic has already led to backlogs across the healthcare sector and, as Britain battles through the living cost crisis, people are now struggling to find time for routine appointments that could save lives. Dawn has now teamed up with Metro.co.uk to launch the ‘A Million Missed Mammograms’ campaign. The Labour politician announced her cancer diagnosis earlier this year, following a routine mammogram last November. She’s now embarking on a mission to make sure others don’t put off essential appointments. Dawn told Metro.co.uk: ‘I want to find the missing million women who have been sent letters for their mammograms and who have put it to one side because of Covid, I want to find them. ‘Life is only going to get more stressful with the cost of living crisis, and what I don’t want is for people to put their health further and further down the list.’ Dawn received her letter for a mammogram appointment in October 2021 and initially put it to one side, thinking it wouldn’t be a priority as she didn’t have any symptoms of cancer. But after some thought she mused, ‘I better book this’. A coulple of weeks later, she found out she had breast cancer. But there will be others, living with the condition unknowingly like Dawn, who haven’t made the effort to attend an appointment. The short time it takes to have a mammogram isn’t easy, but it is essential – says Dawn. She explained: ‘Mammograms are uncomfortable – but some things in life are uncomfortable. But at the end of the day, if it means they find your breast cancer early and you’re not going to die, or lose your hair, then surely that’s better. ‘But, there’s lots of women, particularly Black women and Asian women who present late and have a more invasive cancer – for a number of reasons.’ The Brent Central MP fears the living cost crisis is impacting people’s amount of free time – and that women simply don’t have time to make their health a priority. Others may worry they won’t be taken seriously if they don’t have clear symptoms, she says. Dawn and Metro.co.uk are now urging people to share their stories in a bid to encourage people to take the step to organise their mammogram appointments. You can follow along with the #FindtheMillion to help raise awareness. Dawn added: ‘It’s really hard telling my story. I’m comforted by the fact that hopefully I will save somebody’s life by doing so. I hope other people going through it will be comforted by knowing I have too. But it’s really hard. ‘I’m determined to find these million missing mammograms. I’m going to have a counter on my website, with the help of Metro.co.uk, we are going to find the missing million. ‘I kind of had this vision that when we found the missing million that we could have a great big party. ‘We could invite everybody and talk about our journeys with cancer. Importantly, we’d invite the breast cancer nurses, and the surgeons, and said “we did it”.’ You will be automatically invited for breast screening if you are between the ages of 50 and 53. Following a first scan, appointments then come every three years until the age of 71. If you’re a trans man, trans woman or are non-binary you may be invited automatically, or you may need to talk to your GP surgery or call the local breast screening service to ask for an appointment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.