The race to become Conservative Party leader has been whittled down to five candidates after a second round of votes. Already the contest has become a bitter struggle, and with more ballots to come, there’ll be plenty of mudslinging and backstabbing to keep you all enthralled. Suella Braverman was knocked out of the race this afternoon as the candidate who secured the lowest number of votes from Tory MPs. The rules were slightly from yesterday’s ballot, which saw anyone with fewer than 30 votes eliminated – in this case Jeremy Hunt and Nadhim Zahawi. That leaves Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss, Kemi Badenoch and Tom Tugendhat left in the race. More rounds of votes will keep on being held, with the lowest scoring candidate being knocked out, until the race is cut down to two finalists. The final two contenders will face a runoff vote by about 180,000 Conservative Party members across the country. The winner is scheduled to be announced on September 5 and will automatically become Prime Minister, without the need for a national election. MPs supporting losing candidates will have to decide who to back in the next round of votes, which could end up shifting the dynamics of the contest. Some candidates might drop out during the run-off vote stage, potentially to pledge their allegiance to whoever they think has a better chance of winning. To give you an idea of how quickly loyalties can shift, after losing yesterday’s vote Mr Hunt said he was backing Mr Sunak, just one day after warning he’d ‘lead us into a recession’. Allies of Mr Tugendhat insisted he would not pull out of the Tory leadershipcontest despite dropping five votes in the second round. Despite Mr Sunak getting more votes in yesterday’s ballot, as of this morning Ms Mordaunt was the favourite among the bookies to win. But there’s still plenty of time for that to change, and she clearly has some enemies within the Tory party who are willing to take a swing at her. Former Brexit minister Lord Frost said Ms Mordaunt was not up to the job when she was his deputy in EU talks. He told TalkTV he has ‘grave reservations’ about whether the international trade minister is fit to be Prime Minister. He said he was ‘surprised’ by her success in the contest so far and said she ‘did not master the detail that was necessary’ in negotiations with Brussels. The remarks were seized on by the Truss campaign, with Treasury Chief Secretary Simon Clarke saying: ‘Lord Frost’s warning is a really serious one. Conservatives – and far more importantly our country – need a leader who is tested and ready.’ Allies of Ms Mordaunt said she had ‘nothing but respect’ for Lord Frost despite his scathing attack on her. A campaign source added: ‘Penny will always fight for Brexit and always has.’ Ms Truss herself refused to be drawn into a war of words with the Mordaunt camp, telling her campaign launch: ‘The Conservative race shows what a broad range of talents we have in the Conservative Party. And we didn’t get there through identity politics.’ The Foreign Secretary also faced tough questions about whether her backing from Johnson loyalists could prove fatal to her ambitions to succeed him as Prime Minister. ‘I am a loyal person. I am loyal to Boris Johnson. I supported our Prime Minister’s aspirations and I want to deliver the promise of the 2019 manifesto,’ she said this morning to cheers from her campaign team. Ms Truss’s leadership election team claimed she is attracting a wide range of support from across the Tory party, as they indicted Ms Braverman’s supporters should now back the Foreign Secretary. A campaign spokeswoman said: ‘Today’s results show that Liz Truss is attracting a wide range of supporters from across the Conservative Party. Suella Braverman ran a campaign that she can rightly be proud. ‘As Liz set out in her speech now is the time for MPs to unite behind the candidate who will cut taxes, deliver the real economic change we need, continue to deliver the benefits of Brexit and ensure Putin loses in Ukraine. ‘Liz Truss has the experience to deliver from day one, grow our economy and support working families and then beat Labour.’ Urging Tory MPs to unite behind Ms Truss, Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries tweeted: ‘Great result for @trussliz. ‘Now is the time for us all to unite behind a candidate who actually has the ability to lead the country as PM. ‘As Foreign sec, she imposed the very toughest sanctions on Putin. That took serious ability and sheer grit.’ Meanwhile, Mr Sunak insisted his wealth and background in international finance does not bar him from understanding the plight of hard-pressed households. He told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘I don’t judge people by their bank accounts, I judge them by their character, and I think people can judge me by my actions over the past couple of years. ‘Whenever I have needed to step in to support people I have, and furlough is a fantastic example of that. ‘But what I would say, as a Conservative, is I believe in hard work and aspiration and that’s my story, and if I’m prime minister then I’ll be making the case for that with vigour.’ He defended his economic plan, which would not involve the immediate tax cuts promised by his rivals. Mr Sunak told Today: ‘I think our number one economic priority is to tackle inflation and not make it worse. I will get taxes down in this Parliament, but I’m going to do so responsibly. ‘Because I don’t cut taxes to win elections, I win elections to cut taxes, and I’m convinced that I’m the best person to beat Keir Starmer and the Labour Party at the next election.’ Rival camps have accused Mr Sunak’s operation of ‘dirty tricks’ and ‘shenanigans’ during the parliamentary election process, with the finger of blame pointed at former chief whip Sir Gavin Williamson. Asked what Sir Gavin’s role is, Mr Sunak said: ‘Like all the Members of Parliament who are on my team, they are talking to colleagues and making the case for my candidacy because they believe that I am the best person to beat Keir Starmer and the Labour Party and I’m really grateful for all their support.’ The former chancellor, who remains the frontrunner, said he was ‘incredibly grateful’ for the support of Tory MPs. He tweeted: ‘I am incredibly grateful for the continued support from my colleagues and the wider public. ‘I am prepared to give everything I have in service to our nation. Together we can restore trust, rebuild our economy and reunite the country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.