David Beckham has put his incredible worm moves into action in a brilliant clip showed off by his wife Victoria Beckham on social media. Ex-footballer David, 47, and Spice Girls legend Victoria, 48, have been together since 1997, and recently celebrated their 23rd wedding anniversary. But in an update posted by Victoria on Friday night, she proved they’re still having just as much fun as they ever have. She filmed her ex-England player husband getting ready to stride into action with some music blaring in the background, while wearing a plain black top and patterned pyjama trousers. David started off by stepping from side to side, before hitting the ground as he got on with performing  the famous worm dance move. He then tried a little bit of break dancing as he swirled around on the floor, soon landing upright with a huge smile on his face. Certainly not what we thought we’d be treated to on a Friday evening. Fans were absolutely loving the clip, but not all the family approved, especially due to Victoria’s slightly suggestive caption. One of the pair’s three sons, Romeo Beckham, left a reply summing up what the rest of the world was thinking. He hilariously told Victoria: ‘Hahahahaahaha mum u gotta change that caption.’ But her followers soon showed off their love, with one asking: ‘Is there anything he can’t do?’ A fan commented: ‘This music. The pjs?! It’s everything!!’ Another weighed in: ’Man’s got skills…wish I found a husband like that,’ with someone else sharing: ‘😂Not bad ! Congrats on 25 years.’ The couple’s cheeky Friday night comes after Victoria posted a sweet tribute to her husband as they celebrated their anniversary earlier this month. Next to a cute snap, she penned: ‘They say he isn’t funny, they say I never smile, they said it wouldn’t last. ‘Today we celebrate 23 years being married. David you are my everything, I love you so much!!!!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Frankie Boyle does not mince his words in brutal roast of Tory party and ‘chewed toffee’ Boris Johnson MORE : Stacey Solomon goes back to her roots as she reveals gorgeous blonde hair transformation ahead of wedding to Joe Swash 