Elon Musk’s father Errol has reportedly claimed he had a second baby with his stepdaughter Jana Bezuidenhout three years ago. Errol Musk, 76, was revealed in 2018 to have had a baby with Jana, 35, called Elliot Rush – nicknamed Rushi – who is now five, and has reportedly claimed they had a second, unplanned, baby three years ago. He had raised Jana, who is 41 years younger than him, since she was four years old after marrying her mother Heide and having two children – Jana’s half-siblings – with her. Errol claimed to The Sun that he believes Jana’s second baby is his, explaining: ‘I haven’t checked her DNA. But she looks just like my other daughters. She looks like Rose and Tosca mixed up. ‘She looks exactly like Rushi and she behaves like him. So it’s pretty obvious you know.’ He added that the baby ‘wasn’t planned’ but he and Jana were living together for 18 months after Elliot was born. Errol claims Jana’s mother – who was also 20 years his junior – was ‘one of the best looking women’ he had ever seen. He added that he and Jana are no longer living together but have a ‘lot of affection’ for one another to this day. Errol revealed: ‘But the thing is it’s not practical. She’s 35 next birthday. So she’s getting on. So eventually if I’m still around she might wind up back with me. It’s difficult.’ He told the outlet that Jana and the children spent a few days with him six months ago adding: ‘The kids were starting to get on my nerves. Then I miss them as soon as they have gone.’ Elon’s father admitted he believes ‘the only thing we are on Earth for is to reproduce’ and he ‘can’t see any reason not to’ have even more children if he could. He conceded that his other daughters, who are Jana’s half-sisters, were ‘shocked’ about the pair’s relationship and found it ‘creepy’ because Jana is a blood relative to them, though not to Errol. Elon himself has 10 children with multiple women, which Errol previously said he finds it ‘hard to keep up with’, and believes he is helping fight the problem of low birth rates. Jana declined to comment to the outlet. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Twitter sues Elon Musk over failure to complete $44,000,000,000 deal MORE : Twitter accuses Elon Musk of ‘knowingly’ breaching sale agreement 