Theresa May won’t miss Boris Johnson when he’s gone, it seems. Footage shows the moment the former British leader refused to clap the Tory leader at the end of his last Prime Minister’s Questions. She ‘sat with a face like thunder’ as every other Tory MP in the House of Commons stood to applaud Mr Johnson, who told his colleagues ‘hasta la vista, baby’. Eventually, Ms May rose to her feet – although appeared reluctant and still did not put her hands together. Instead, she pointedly crossed her arms in what has been perceived as a giveaway sign that she’s not Mr Johnson’s biggest fan. Her actions didn’t escape attention on Twitter, with Joe Hankey saying: ‘[All clapped] apart from Theresa May – arms folded, no clapping, face like thunder.’ Meanwhile, another Twitter user pointed out that some of the Conservatives clapping had forced Mr Johnson out in disgrace just two weeks ago. Dan Merrett wrote: ‘She’s right though, a lot of those clapping were the ones stabbing him in the back to get rid of him, at least she wasn’t being a hypocrite.’ Mr Johnson and Ms May share a stormy history, with the current PM resigning from Ms May’s government over her handling of Brexit negotiations. Ever since he succeeded her, she has been a fierce critic of his – making for a number of other tense moments in the Commons. Ms May made it clear back in January that she did not approve of Partygate by scorching her replacement with stern remarks in front of other MPs. Covid regulations had placed severe curbs on the public who ‘had a right to expect their prime minister to have read the rules, understand the meaning of the rules and to set an example by following those rules’, she said. She went on: ‘What the Gray report does show is that No. 10 Downing Street was not observing the regulations they had imposed on members of the public.’ Turning to Mr Johnson, she asked: ‘So either my right honorable friend had not read the rules, did not understand what they meant and nor did others around him, or they didn’t think the rules applied to No. 10. Which was it?’ She showed up in a ballgown to cast her ballot in Mr Johnson’s confidence vote in June – but refused to reveal which way she had swung. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.