Big Brother favourites Pete Bennett and Glyn Wise have melted fans’ hearts by reuniting for the first time in ‘years’ on a mate date in Brighton. The duo were on the 2006 series of the legendary reality TV show, with Pete, now 40, eventually being crowned the winner. Pete and Glyn, 34, hung out on the coast, presumably enjoying England’s heatwave, and shared pictures and videos of all the fun they were having to their followers, including a visit to the Horror Hotel on the pier. On Twitter, Glyn said: ‘Nothing better than meeting up with an old friend you haven’t seen for years! ‘Love you always @MrPeteBennett ‘Thanks for showing me around Brighton! #Nostalgia #BigBrother #bbuk’ The seventh season of Big Brother, on which Glyn and Pete appeared, was full of iconic moments – many involving the pair. Pete won the hearts of the nation by raising awareness of tourette’s syndrome and through his romance with late star Nikki Grahame. Meanwhile, Glyn made headlines with his hilarious one-liners,including when he learnt to boil an egg for the first time, and managed to make it into a song. Glyn has since swapped the limelight for the church and is preparing to become a priest after being accepted for the Ordained Ministry with the Church in Wales. Speaking on This Morning earlier this year, Glyn said that it felt as though this was always the life he was meant to lead, admitting: ‘I prayed my way into Big Brother.’ He said: ‘I wanted something to completely change my life, and Big Brother did that.’ His change in direction now follows working as a lifeguard, a radio DJ, and teaching English in South East Asia. Pete has had a variety of different jobs since leaving the former Channel 4, including acting in low-budget and short films such as Crispy’s Curse. He has also spoken about being homeless after splurging his Big Brother cash prize of £100,000 and becoming reliant on ketamine. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : You star Penn Badgley confesses directors slammed his ‘creepy’ masturbation technique MORE : Ricky Martin’s lawyer denies ‘disgusting’ claims singer had sexual relationship with nephew after restraining order filing 