Perhaps no other politician could have achieved what Boris Johnson has during his extraordinary career – and none could have lost it all in quite such a dramatic fashion. From the renegade mayor capturing the capital, via rebel bannerman for the Brexit campaign, to the most controversial prime minister in a generation, few would cast doubt on the political ability of a man who seemed to be born with the winner’s touch. In 2019, he tore up political conventions to seize control of the Conservative Party and recast it as an anti-EU, populist force with widespread appeal in Labour heartlands, gouging a massive majority out of a fractured political landscape. But his downfall has been as remarkable as his meteoric and unconventional rise, a public death by one thousand cuts, many of them self-inflicted. Throughout his career, his critics – including those who know him intimately – have warned of character flaws, impulses and tendencies which they say make him unfit for high office. In the end, they will say they were proved right, watching on in exasperation as the prime minister’s balloon was burst on a pin of his own making, a sharpened tool he has been accused of wielding for political gain before: a lie. Mr Johnson’s ability to produce political alchemy and connect with an unlikely coalition of voters was first put on display when he won the London mayoralty twice in 2008 and 2012. He returned to parliament in 2015 and leadership speculation surrounding the fiercely ambitious former-columnist began to swirl immediately. Initially tipped for a role in the cabinet before any potential move for the top job, Mr Johnson crossed the political Rubicon when he came out in favour of Brexit, setting him on a collision course with his old friend David Cameron. Backed by fellow MP Michael Gove and strategist Dominic Cummings, he became a leading light in the anti-EU campaign and his contribution was hailed by many as decisive when Britain stunned the world by narrowly voting to leave. His first attempt to become Tory leader collapsed in a matter of days and he was instead appointed foreign secretary in Theresa May’s cabinet. But after a botched general election campaign, Mr Johnson resigned and joined Brexit hardliners on the backbenches, torpedoing Mrs May’s withdrawal agreement and eventually forcing her to resign. With the Conservative Party eager to see Brexit through, he strolled to victory in the ensuing leadership contest and crushed the Labour party in a snap general election, defying political gravity to win a clear majority at a time many analysts predicted hung parliament were the new norm in British politics. Over a two-year period dominated by Covid-19, Mr Johnson has seen his Downing Street operation disintegrate and high profile scandals have killed his political momentum. They have been numerous and varied: allegations of mishandling elements of the pandemic response; the resignation and subsequent feud with Mr Cummings; ethics investigations into the funding of a Caribbean holiday and the refurbishment of his flat; an attempt to scrap the ethics watchdog and save a Tory MP from suspension for lobbying; trying to dodge Covid-19 contact isolation and being pictured without a mask in a hospital; the resignation of two independent ethics advisors; the wider collapse of his Number 10 team and persistent talk of chaos behind the scenes; being accused of overseeing a lawless boozing culture in Downing Street during lockdown and a Met Police fine for breaking his own law. There have been more – but the final nail in the coffin came when it emerged he promoted a man he knew had been credibly accused of sexual assault against a colleague. The Pincher affair, which might have easily been a non-fatal scandal for a another prime minister in different circumstances, proved to be the final straw. For days, his Number 10 operation insisted he knew nothing of the allegations against the loyal MP and ministers dutifully repeated this story for the public’s benefit. The inevitable unraveling of this false narrative culminated in the prime minister issuing a hastily televised admission and apology, one which was still being broadcast when news of cabinet resignations started to emerge. The anger in the Tory party over the attendant dishonesty and incompetence implications which followed from the Pincher revelations proved too much even for Mr Johnson, a man a man once hailed as a political Houdini, to escape. One by one, his cabinet ministers and allies told him in public and in private that the game was up. After two days holed up in Westminster, he finally accepted that fact. As prime minister, he faced three challenges of genuine epochal importance: leading the country out of the European Union; the Covid-19 pandemic and subsequent economic shock; and joining the international response to Russia’s attack on Ukraine. The merits of how Mr Johnson met those challenges, as well as other actions taken by his government, will be argued for years to come but, whatever they were, scandal and controversy had eclipsed them by the end. His short period in office has proved to be personally eventful too. Since entering Downing Street, Mr Johnson has married Carrie Symonds, fathered two children and was seriously ill after contracting Covid-19 in April 2020. The announcement that he will stand aside when a new Tory leader is elected comes at a point in his premiership where he has outlasted Gordon Brown’s time in Number 10 but remains a few weeks short of Theresa May’s stint. Mr Johnson’s place in history is secure but his reputation is destined to remain as controversial from the vantage of hindsight as it proved during his unforgettable time in office. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.