Nick Kyrgios refused to back down in the row over his decision to break Wimbledon’s strict dress code. The 27-year-old Australian has already picked up two fines so far at this year’s tournament and could face another after walking on court wearing red trainers for his fourth-round match against Brandon Nakashima on Centre Court on Monday. Kyrgios played in white shoes but after his five-set win changed back into the red ones and also wore a red cap while doing his on-court interview, having donned a white one during the match. Asked afterwards why he had deliberately broken the rule stating that players must wear all white on court, the Australian offered a curt response. ‘Because I do what I want to,’ said Kyrgios, who is into the quart-finals for the first time since his debut in 2014. Asked if he felt above the rules he added: ‘No, I’m not above the rules. I just like wearing my Jordans. That’s okay. I’ll wear some Triple Whites tomorrow.’ Kyrgios has been fined a total of $14,000 for two offences – spitting towards a fan after his first-round win and then for swearing in a fiery third-round clash with Stefanos Tsitsipas. Kyrgios’ battle against Tsitsipas was undoubtedly the most talked-about match of the tournament so far, with the Australian receiving plenty of criticism for his on-court behaviour. ‘Honestly, I don’t care,’ said Kyrgios. ‘I just smile. It’s so funny. I joke around with my team about it so much. It’s hilarious. ‘I almost just wake up and read things, and I just laugh. And I never forget things people say, whether it was three, four years ago, things that just stick with me. ‘I have a massive chip on my shoulder. I sit here now in the quarter-finals of Wimbledon again, and I just know there’s so many people that are so upset.’ Kyrgios has reached the last eight at slams twice before, on his Wimbledon debut eight years ago and then at the Australian Open the following year, losing at that stage both times. There have been more lows than highs since but he was proud of the way he fought his way past Nakashima, saying in his post-match on-court interview: ‘I need a glass of wine tonight for sure.’ And Kyrgios now feels mentally ready to go even further. ‘Today I was almost just smiling and laughing to myself on the far side, just knowing I was locked in an absolute battle,’ he said. ‘In the past I wasn’t able to kind of enjoy that. ‘That’s probably the first time in my career where I wasn’t playing well, regardless of playing Centre Court Wimbledon, fully packed crowd, I was able to just say, ‘Wow, look how far I’ve come’. ‘I was bouncing the ball before I served. I really just smiled to myself. I was like, ‘We’re here, we’re competing at Wimbledon, putting in a good performance mentally’.’ MORE : Rafael Nadal through to fourth round of Wimbledon in straight sets victory over Lorenzo Sonego MORE : Nick Kyrgios and Stefanos Tsitsipas hit with big fines after spicy Wimbledon clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 