Kim and Khloe Kardashian enjoyed a getaway to lush tropical Turks and Caicos this weekend, frolicking on the beach in sleek silver swimsuits as they gave off retro space age vibes. The sisters were abroad to celebrate Khloe’s recent 38th birthday but didn’t shy away from the opportunity to show off the latest drop for Kim’s popular Skims shapewear range, which has expanded out into swimwear too. Both rocking metallic silver suits, with Khloe in a high-leg one piece suit and Kim – hot off her latest jaw-dropping magazine cover – in a two-piece bikini, the sisters were seen strutting their stuff on the beach, as well as relaxing on the sand. The duo amped up the futuristic feel with their sunglasses, as Khloe opted for silver-framed rectangular sunglasses with her shoulder-grazing hoop earrings while Kim wore reflective visor-like shades. The pair were seen basking under the sun as they sat side-by-side, showing off picture-perfect posing with one knee up and their heads thrown back to catch the rays. They were also seen catching up during their island getaway as they walked along the shoreline by the turquoise waters. Kim and Khloe, who is reportedly in the early stages of a new romance, then cooled off in a beach shower as they washed the sand of themselves. Of course – being enterprising Kardashians – there was also time for a photoshoot, as Khloe and Kim were seen being snapped by a photographer, likely to capture them for social or campaign shots for Skims. There was more than a whiff of Barbarella about the two, as Khloe and Kim seemingly channelled the 60s cinema icon played by Jane Fonda in their silver suits. Based on the French comics of the same time, Fonda played the space-traveller and representative of the United Earth government sent to find scientist Durand Durand in the Roger Vadim-directed film, who has created a weapon that could destroy humanity. On Instagram, Kim reshared a clip on her stories of La La Anthony posing in the long-legged version of the silver swimming costume, captioning it: ‘Wow.’ The sisters also showed off black bikini looks and matching shades on Instagram, as they posed making peace signs and splashing water. Khloe even made a cheeky reference to one of the most infamous moments in Keeping Up With The Kardashians in her caption, writing: ‘We are still looking for that damn diamond #KampKoko’ The joke comes from an episode in season six of KUWTK, when Kim’s $75,000 (£62,000) diamond earring came off in the ocean after her ex-husband Kris Humphries playfully throws her into the water in Bora Bora. Kim began to panic and scream in reaction, before older sister Kourtney came out of a beach hut and remarked: ‘Kim, there’s people that are dying’ – and a meme was born. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Amy Dowden ties knot with partner Ben Jones in style: ‘I felt like a Disney princess’ MORE : Kim Kardashian’s extreme Met Gala diet to fit in Marilyn Monroe’s dress left her with psoriatic arthritis: ‘I was freaking out’ 