A disabled woman has become embroiled in a battle with her local council over the state of her garden. Angel Robertson, who uses a wheelchair, has no way of taming her property’s unruly grass herself. The tenant, who lives in Bridge of Allan, near Stirling in Scotland, says council staff previously helped keep the garden clear. Angel has lived in the property for more than a decade and moved in after a bout of sickness led to her lose feeling from the waist down. She has been in a wheelchair ever since. Previously, she says council staff helped her tend to her property’s garden. But that assistance appears to have stopped over the last two years. Angel claims calls for help have landed on deaf ears and says she now is unable to use her garden at all. Council officials are threatening her tenancy as a result of the overgrown garden, she has told the Stirling Observer. Angel told the newspaper: ‘I’m disabled from the waist down and I’ve got no family or friends that can help me with it. ‘I know the garden is quite bad and I’ve been asking to get on the list and been told I’ve been on it before but they’ve just not come to do it and now they’ve become quite threatening and insinuated that I’ll lose my tenancy if it isn’t sorted. ‘The grass is quite tall next to the ramp and the hedge is now coming through the door and it means I can’t even get to my shed at the bottom of the garden because the path is so overgrown. ‘My disability affects every part of my life and I was in hospital for five and a half months and that care cost me everything, including my home, but the council moved me here and said I would be here for life and alterations would be made.’ Angel has tried filling out application forms for help but claims she has got nowhere. She added: ‘They know that I’m living hand to mouth and don’t have the money for the garden, but they just give you excuses or you get the run around getting told someone will call you back and they never do, they just don’t want to know.’ The Stirling Observer has seen a letter which reportedly says Angel may be in breach of her tenancy agreement and that ‘action’ could be taken over the garden situation. The same document added that ‘remedial work’ would be assigned to the property but that the tenant would have to pay for the work – despite her being unable to work and in receipt of benefits. When contacted by the newspaper, Stirling Council confirmed staff were looking into Angel’s claims. A spokesperson said: ‘We wouldn’t comment on individual tenants but always do our best to bring issues raised by residents to a positive conclusion.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.