Monday’s Love Island certainly delivered on the drama – and we’re absolutely living for it. The guys and gals are getting to know the new bombshells, and it’s safe to say heads are turning for some, while others are playing it cool. Despite many of the couples in the villa seeming solid, everyone knows that all can change in the blink of an eye when basking in the sunshine with love on the brain. Today’s instalment showed Andrew Le Page and Dami Hope taking full advantage of the Casa Amor experience, both villas going head to head for party and Davide Sanclimenti learned what it means to be ‘celibate’ after 27 years. You learn something new every day, don’t you Davide. It wouldn’t be Casa Amor without this icebreaker would it. Tonight marked the return of raunchy races, and everyone seemed to be loving the steamy task, well almost everyone. After the challenge proposed for ‘the shortest boy to kiss the tallest girl for 20 seconds’ in both Casa Amor and the main villa. While Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Billy Brown were more than game for the challenge and locked lips around the firepit while the other contestants timed them, the daughter of footballing legend Michael Owen quickly realised she had been dealt a tough card. However, after some toe-sucking and underwater kisses, Casa Amor reigned supreme and were treated to a party. It looks like Danica’s luck could be changing soon after Josh expressed interest in the 21-year-old dancer. During yesterday’s episode, Danica shared a bed with Deji, and a curious Josh wanted to know whether she planned on spending another night with him again. ‘Probably not,’ Danica replied. ‘As in I will be in the same bed but I probably will switch it up a bit.’ Josh quickly used this as an opportunity to turn up the heat and asked Danica whether she’s kissed any other the Love Island guys outside of a challenge. ‘There was a kiss with Davide,’ she said but before she could elaborate further Josh leaned in for a cheeky makeout. We really hope this is the start of something, because heaven knows she deserves it! Danica wasn’t the only one exploring new connections, as Jay Younger – who is currently in a friendship couple with Danica – was getting to know Chyna Mills. After Dami and Summer shared a cheeky kiss on the terrace, the microbiologist debriefed the guys over what happened. Dami – who has been in a steady couple with Indiyah Polack – stressed that it was ‘a good kiss’ but believes he still has a strong ‘connection’ with Indiyah. However, things went from 0 to 100 after Dami felt that Luca was ‘egging him on’ to explore things with Summer. ‘I know you want to win this Love Island show, but relax man. I just feel like you’re fake,’ said Dami. ‘I don’t need to hold a girl hostage just because I’m afraid of what she’s going to do. I can let the girl be free.’ After Andrew begged for both of them to ‘kiss and makeup’ Dami and Luca hugged it out, but the ‘fake’ label was very much on Luca’s mind. It was certainly a busy night for one particular islander. After Luca dared Coco Lodge to ‘neck on with Andrew’ the bombshell tried her luck with Davide after sharing an underwater kiss with him during the raunchy race challenge. However, Davide alerts Andrew and Dami that she is potentially ‘playing a game.’ Determined to find out more, Andrew takes her up to the terrace and asks him what she thought about him. ‘You’re definitely the girl I want to get to know,’ he said. And the pair shared another sneaky smooch (away from the guys). ‘She’s a good kisser,’ Andrew said in the Beach Hut. ‘She knows what she’s doing.’ Coco added: ‘My evening has been extremely interesting. I actually like both Davide and Andrew for different reasons, so I’m not sure yet.’ Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: Jack Keating age, job, parents, and Instagram MORE : Love Island’s Gemma Owen rages after Luca Bish snogs Chyna Mills: ‘Clearly I’m p****d off’ 