One of the biggest shopping events of the year is just hours away. With so many deals and discounts on Amazon Prime Day, it’s only natural to get caught up in the excitement. In fact, a new survey from idealo has revealed that one in six shoppers admitted to spending frivolously in last year’s sale – with 82% saying they bought something they didn’t need. But people are feeling the pinch at the moment – so it’s a good idea to take time to consider purchases carefully. Katy Phillips, the communication and PR manager for the price comparison platform, says: ‘Amazon Prime Day is undoubtedly a great time to snap-up a deal, but shoppers do have to be a little bit savvy to make the most of their money. ‘It’s so easy to get caught up in the hype, plus Amazon is made for a quick and efficient purchase, so we’re urging people to take their time and consider our four questions before clicking the big shiny “Buy Now” button.’ As a result, the team at idealo have put together some tips on how to spend well, bag bargains and, ultimately, save money this Prime Day. They’ve shared four key questions to ask yourself tomorrow. It’s easy to get sucked into all the deals – but experts say it’s better to try and go into it with a list of the things you specifically need, as this should curb spontaneous spending. Britain’s Coupon Kid Jordon Cox says: ‘Whether you’re buying a present for someone or there’s something you desperately need – make sure you write a list of those items and stick to it. ‘It can be very easy to add other things to your basket when you see it on offer.’ Almost half of Brits (44%) confess to not price comparing when purchasing, which means they could be overspending where they don’t need to. However, using price history tools to see when the cheapest time to buy a specific item is a way around this. It might actually be that certain items are cheaper at other points in the year – such as on Black Friday or in the Boxing Day sales. Jordon says: ‘Doing price comparisons before you buy anything online is essential – you need to make sure it’s the cheapest place to buy it. Plus, if you have the tool to see the historical price, then you can tell if it’s the cheapest right now. ‘Historically, the cheapest times to buy popular items and gadgets are Prime Day and Black Friday – but always double check.’ Buy now, pay later schemes and credit cards can sometimes lure shoppers into a false sense of security – making them think they have money when they don’t. Experts suggest buying items while in credit and consider your monthly budget to avoid building up debt. Jordon continues: ‘It should go without saying, but if you don’t have the money for something, or will struggle financially if you buy it, then think again.’ Last year, new Amazon spam, phishing and fraudulent sites surged 2.5 times days before the event – which was the biggest uprise since the pandemic started. It’s clear that cyber criminals took advantage of the sales event – so it’s important to be vigilant this year. You can do this by sticking to official URLs, rather than clicking banners or ads. Jordon explains: ‘Lots of Prime Day emails will be sent around the event. Be wary of these by always by checking who they came from. ‘If it looks dodgy in any way, delete it and go to Amazon’s official website for the correct information.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman shares ‘life-changing’ hack for saving money on petrol MORE : This app gives you money and discounts for just walking around MORE : Mum-of-two saves money on her food bill by foraging for ingredients