Will Young really felt the heat at Kew the Music festival and was literally unable to bear the toasty weather while wearing… pleather trousers. The singer, who is celebrating two decades since winning Pop Idol, performed to thousands of revellers at London’s Kew Gardens on Friday, on what was one of the hottest evenings of the year so far. Arriving on stage shortly after 9pm when the temperature was still a sweaty 27 degrees, he joked to fans about regretting his poor choice of outfit – a hat, a shirt over a T-shirt, and thick, black pleather trousers. ‘I shouldn’t have worn these,’ he quipped. While the overshirt came off within a few minutes of performing, as did the hat, Will lasted around 45 minutes with the rest of his clothes on, entertaining the crowd with his hits including Who Am I, Changes and Light My Fire. However, the fire was well and truly lit in his unbreathable bottoms – and he just had to take them off. Shortly after starting his 2003 hit Your Game, Will gave in and whipped off his trousers while standing at the mic, much to the enjoyment of cheering and screaming fans. ‘Shouldn’t have worn grey,’ he commented right after stripping off, referring to his pants, just visible under the hem of his top. He then proudly continued the rest of the song in his T-shirt, underwear and socks, and you know what? Fair play to him. ‘My trousers were so unbearably slimy, I couldn’t face it anymore,’ he laughed, entertained at his own predicament. ‘Also I’ve got great legs…’ Will, 43, finished his fabulous set still bottomless, of course, with renditions of his hits Jealousy, Leave Right Now and Evergreen. He was the latest performer at Kew Gardens’ Kew the Music Festival, a run of summer nights at the south London botanical gardens, with the likes of Van Morrison, DJ Spoony and James Blunt headlining earlier in the week. Friday saw Will headline with support from James Morrison and Cally Rhodes, while Bananarama will play on Saturday, with Gipsy Kings rounding off the week of gigs on Sunday. Will’s set came a week after revealing that he was once previously told that he’d only be able to perform at the Brit Awards if he kissed George Michael on stage. The pop star attended Metro’s Pride Party last Thursday, celebrating 50 years of Pride, and told the crowd during a Q&A of a disturbing moment he’s had during his career as an out gay man. He revealed he was told by a record company exec that he would need to have a ‘Madonna and Britney moment’ and kiss George on stage if he were to perform at the Brits. He explained: ‘They tried to get me to perform at the Brits. They were like, “We can go only get you on The Brits if you perform with George Michael and you kiss at the end.” ‘I was like – this an exclusive – the only way I could get on The Brits is if we [George and I] did a duet, and then did a Madonna / Britney thingy.’ Will revealed: ‘But I said no. It’s a sign of what it was like then.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cardi B gets Wireless crowd to boo organisers as she’s forced to cut set due to curfew MORE : Shawn Mendes ‘heartbroken’ as he postpones tour to focus on mental health: ‘I’ve hit a breaking point’ 