Katie Price has reportedly been ‘struck down with suspected food poisoning’ during her Thailand holiday with fiance Carl Woods. The 44-year-old flew to the country last week, but her holiday has been marred by her illness, which includes her ‘throwing up’. A source said: ‘Katie suddenly got very sick. ‘She has been throwing up and feeling poorly,’ they added to the Mirror. ‘Katie could possibly have got food poisoning, although she’s trying to not let it affect her holiday and time with Carl.’ Her unwell state follows the news that she is taking a social media break for ‘personal reasons’. She recently announced that she needs to ‘take time off’ and wouldn’t be communicating with her followers for the foreseeable future, but continues to rake in the cash by posting racy snaps of herself to her OnlyFans page. Sharing a statement on Instagram on Thursday, she wrote: ‘I will be coming off all social media for a period of time. I need to take time off for personal reasons. ‘Thank you to all my loyal fans for always supporting me xxx’. The mother-of-five also turned off comments on the post. Shortly after, she uploaded a new raunchy video to adult site OnlyFans, offering her paying subscribers a behind-the-scenes look at her latest lingerie photoshoot. Katie and Carl have been celebrating the former glamour model’s freedom after she avoided a jail term for breaking the rules of a restraining order from her ex Keiran Hayler’s fiancee Michelle Penticost and calling her a ‘gutter s**g’. Michelle took what many believe was a swipe at Katie who missed her and Peter Andre’s daughter Princess’s 15th birthday last week when she jetted off to Thailand. Michelle wrote on Instagram: ‘Kids will always remember who showed up. Not who made a Facebook post, or who texted once or twice a year. ‘They will remember who bothered to rearrange their schedule, to make inconvenient choices, and who made them a priority.’ Michelle then added her own ‘praying hands’ emoji underneath. Earlier Katie had paid tribute to Princess on Instagram. ‘No words to describe my love for my Princess and our unbreakable bond, had 15 years and lots to come, happy birthday,’ she wrote alongside them. Princess replied underneath saying: ‘Love you’. MORE : Damian Lewis announces debut album and live gigs as he branches out into music MORE : Kylie Jenner appears to shut down TikTok user who claimed they heard her son crying: ‘Lying for attention rubs me the wrong way’ 