An eerie video sharing what to do in the case of a nuclear attack has been made by New York officials. It comes after Putin propagandists claimed Russia could easily destroy the east coast. The public service announcement advises locals to follow three steps – Get inside, stay inside, and stay tuned. The likelihood of a nuclear bomb dropping is ‘very low’, but it is important people living in the Big Apple know what to do, the city’s Emergency Management Department said today. In the footage, a city spokeswoman on a New York street says: ‘So there’s been a nuclear attack. Don’t ask me how or why. Just know that the big one has hit. OK. So what do we do?’ ‘There are three important steps I want you to remember. Step one, get inside, fast. You, your friends, your family, get inside. ‘And no, staying in the car is not an option. You need to get into a building and move away from the windows.’ The woman goes on to tell people to stay inside, shut all doors and windows and head to a basement if they have one, or sit in the middle of their building otherwise. People who were outside during the blast are advised to get clean immediately and remove and bag all outer clothing to remove radioactive dust. Lastly, New Yorkers were told to keep an eye on the media, which will let people know when it’s safe to go outside again. To close the video, the spokeswoman tells viewers: ‘Alright. You’ve got this.’ It comes after Kremlin state media boasted Russia could wipe out the East and West coast with four missiles. Reporter Tony Dokoupil claimed a similar-sized bomb to the one dropped on Hiroshima would destroy much of Manhattan and create a mushroom cloud bigger than the Empire State building. But Alexei Zhuravlev, a member of Russia’s parliament, said: ‘Guys, you’re so funny. What methods are they even using?’ He continued: ‘I will competently tell you, that to destroy the entire East Coast of the US, two Sarmat missiles are necessary and two missiles for the West Coast. ‘Four missiles, and there will be nothing left. They think the mushroom cloud will be taller than a high rise. That mushroom cloud will be visible from Mexico. ‘Don’t delude yourselves. What should be said is that there’ll be nothing left, no-one harbours any illusions about it, that everyone will be fine in case of nuclear war. No-one will be fine, but calculate it correctly.’ It follows numerous threats from Putin himself that he would use nuclear weapons if he felt Russia was ‘threatened’. Boris Johnson previously dismissed this is a ‘distraction’ technique to draw attention away from military struggles and slow progress in Ukraine. New York City Emergency Management Commissioner, Zach Iscol, said: ‘New York City Emergency Management has a multitude of free resources for New Yorkers to prepare for emergencies, including no-notice events. ‘As the threat landscape continues to evolve, it is important that New Yorkers know we are preparing for any imminent threats and are providing them with the resources they need to stay safe and informed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.