Never question again what to use when. Caroline Hirons, known for being a non-nonsense expert on skincare, has launched an app called Skin Rocks. The free app is designed to help people make sense of their skincare, with guides on how to use products, from the time of day to frequency, for the best results. Calling it ‘the Google of skincare’, Skin Rocks also tailors the best product matches to suit your skin and its concerns. Over 10,000 products are currently listed in the app, with more to be added, so users have access to a wide range of suggestions and advice based on science and research. All users have to do is set up a profile and answer questions about their skin. As well as sharing what products you do need, the app will also tell you what you don’t. Skincare has become an oversaturated market and having a 12-step skincare routine is excessive – so this will cut out the products you can skip. Caroline said: ‘When I launched Skin Rocks, I knew I wanted it to always be led by science and with the customer’s needs front and centre. ‘I thought about how many times people had said “I wish I could take you shopping with me” and realised that Skin Rocks needed to be a graduation of the blog [I run], and become an app.’ People really trust Caroline – multiple products, such as The Body Shop’s Skin Defense, have sold out instantly after her recommendation alone. Alongside product news, the app will also have cheat sheets and tip guides to help people better understand ingredients and products. If you’re a skincare newbie, it’ll be a one-stop shop for help. The free Skin Rocks app is available on Apple and Android now. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The hemp-based beauty products you should add to your skincare routine MORE : Celebrity skincare brands – a dermatologist reveals if they are any good and what to watch out for MORE : Why gymgoers and sweat-sufferers are loving this multitasking skincare hero product