Celebrities have been rallying around the England women’s football team ahead of their hotly-anticipated Euro 2022 final against Germany this afternoon, with the likes of Ed Sheeran, The Spice Girls, and Piers Morgan coming out in support. Millions of people across the country are gearing up for the Lionesses’ nail-biting match at Wembley Stadium, which could see them take home the first major tournament title for any England team since 1966. Besides Princess Charlotte and her dad Prince William wishing the players luck ahead of the 5pm kick-off, a whole host of famous faces have voiced their backing. As the Lionesses scored their first goal during the second-half of the tense match, Kate Garraway tweeted: ‘Lotof screaming going on right now in our house!! Come on @Lionesses.’ Her GMB co-host and weatherman Alex Beresford chimed in: ‘GOAL come on!!!!!’ Athlete and former Dancing On Ice star Perri Shakes Drayton tweeted from the stands at Wembley: ‘And the crowd are going wildddd. Come on England.’ Match of the Day host Gary Lineker said: ‘Woah. What a finish from @ellatoone99. Beautifully done.’ Piers Morgan agreed: ‘Chip chip hooray!@ellatoone99.’ Speaking in a video shared by the official Lionesses Twitter account, Shape Of You singer Ed said: ‘I’m in Paris at the moment, but all of my touring team are going to come together and watch the game today. ‘Good luck, it’s coming home! I was so honoured to wear the Lionesses top at Wembley and you guys are just wonderful and you’re gonna win!’ ‘Good luck, ladies,’ Piers wrote, while Rio Ferdinand said: ‘The #WEURO2022 tournament finale is here… record breaking crowds, huge TV viewing figures and special performances! One more to go @Lionesses. ‘We’re supporting you, be calm, be brave and give everything you’ve got! LETS GO!’ ‘I’m blown away with how incredible you have all been, not only on the pitch, but off the pitch,’ Sporty Spice Mel C, of Spice Girls fame, enthused. ‘You are inspiring our nation and I am so, so proud. We all are. ‘Good luck for the big day. But you know what? You’re winners already. I can’t wait to be cheering you on.’ ‘Wishing @Lionesses all the very best for the final,’ cheered Gary Lineker. ‘You’ve been utterly superb in this tournament One more win and you’ll have footballing immortality. Go make history.’ Taking to Twitter, former England ace Michael Owen, whose daughter Gemma Owen is in this year’s Love Island final, wrote: ‘Good luck today @Lionesses! You’ve done the country proud throughout the tournament and we’d all love to see you go on and lift the trophy!’ ‘Best of luck tonight @Lionesses make us proud,’ said The Apprentice’s Lord Alan Sugar. Labour MP Dawn Butler wrote: ‘Massive good luck to our amazing @Lionesses at tonight’s Final #WEURO2022. ‘We are so proud of you and you’ll hear me cheering you on at Wembley. Go and make history.’ It’s believed that some 90,000 fans will attend Wembley Stadium tonight, while millions more will tune into the action from homes and pubs across England. Before the game starts, it’s been announced that an all-female RAF flypast will take to the skies. Prime Minister Boris Johnson previously paid tribute to the Lionesses squad ‘for showing football is not just for boys’. In a letter addressed to manager Sarina Wiegman, captain Leah Williamson and the England team, the outgoing Tory leader said: ‘Your passion for the game, your tenacity in tricky spots and above all your astounding talent on the pitch have already created a summer of fantastic memories for millions of us.’ He added: ‘In any pride it is the lionesses who ruthlessly hunt as a team and bring their prize back home, and I am sure that will be the case against Germany. ‘But whatever happens at Wembley this evening, I know that come tomorrow morning, the pitches and playgrounds and parks of this country will be filled as never before with girls and women who know beyond any shadow of a doubt that football is not just for boys – it really is for anyone. ‘That is all down to you and what you have already achieved. And so, when the referee’s whistle blows tonight, I hope that you are every bit as proud of yourselves as England is of you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 