Love Island has given us a romance-filled episode – followed very shortly by what looks to be a brutal dumping. Can’t say they don’t have range. The slightly slower pace episode on Thursday had Luca Bish declaring his love for Gemma Owen in a sweet moment after their romantic first date. That was shortly before Tasha Ghouri made Andrew Le Page her boyfriend, with a treasure hunt around the villa. Then, fans were thrilled for Danica Taylor as she got a romantic first kiss from Billy Brown, before the islanders were called to the firepit for another dumping. The recoupling shook things up in the villa, as various pairings got back together – and Adam and Paige coupled up shortly after Jacques O’Neill’s exit. The new couples are: Luca became the first islander to drop the L-bomb, telling Gemma he loves her in a sweet moment. The islander took Gemma, who he’s been coupled up with since the first week, to the terrace where they had their first chat. ‘I can’t help how I feel and hopefully you feel the same,’ he told her after the pair recently enjoyed a romantic date. ‘You know I’ve fallen for you.’ ‘I’ve never been so sure in saying something,’ he added, going on to say he ‘sees a future’ with Gemma. Luca went on: ‘I think I’m in love with you. No, I am in love with you.’ A smitten Gemma responded: ‘I love you too.’ Tasha and Andrew have become the first couple to make things official in the villa. Tasha was on a mission to make Andrew her boyfriend on Thursday night’s episode, writing Andrew notes and sending him to different places in the villa, as has become tradition thanks to series three’s Kem Cetinay. Her notes told him to go to the places where they had their first kiss, and where Tasha opened up about her ‘superpower’, with the islander waiting for him at the firepit. She told him that her Love Island experience has been a ‘roller coaster’, and that, amid all the drama, they always found their way back to each other. ‘I know I can be a lot,’ she went on, adding: ‘We do have one messed up, complicated story, but I love that it’s our story.’ She said Andrew constantly makes her smile and feel like she’s the ‘only girl in the world’. Tasha told him that she can’t wait for him to meet her family and friends, going on to ask: ‘Will you be my boyfriend?’ ‘Of course!’ Andrew responded, with the pair sharing a kiss. After Danica has suffered weeks of heartbreak, fans were rooting for her. And it seems she’s finally found a connection, with Billy kissing her in a sweet moment. Fans are thrilled for them, with one writing: ‘Danica and Billy are a couple I can get behind, they both seem mad but the good kind.’ ‘Wait, im kinda here for Billy and Danica,’ another said, while one more added: ‘Billy and Danica are low-key kinda cute.’ However, the good vibes didn’t last too long, as it was revealed soon afterwards that the public had been voting for their favourite islanders, with the bottom two getting dumped from the villa. Girls Summer Botwe, Coco Lodge and Tasha Ghouri, and boys Deji Adeniyi, Josh Le Grove and Andrew Le Page received the least votes from the public ahead of Thursday’s episode. They were asked to stand in front of the firepit, with the result being announced during Friday’s show. Love Island continues Friday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish professes love for Gemma Owen after romantic date: ‘I’ve never been so sure’ MORE : The moment it was all over for Jacques O’Neill as Paige Thorne gave signal to Adam Collard – Love Island body language expert explains all 