Phillip Schofield was doing his best pirate impression as he sported an eye patch after undergoing a procedure on Thursday. The This Morning co-host underwent a small operation on his left eye after suffering from a ‘debilitating’ eye condition that used to drive him ‘insane.’ The 60-year-old presenter took to his Instagram stories to give his 3 million followers an update about how it went. Phil revealed that the ‘floaters’ in his eye had been removed as he showed off a white bandage over his left eye. In the first snap in the garden, Phil wore a light blue gingham shirt as he gave a small smile and revealed his temporary new look. He wrote: ‘Finally got the INCREDIBLY frustrating ‘floaters’ sucked out of my left eyeball.’ In a shirtless mirror selfie that displayed the presenter’s lean physique, as he posed with stickers that monitored his vitals still on his chest, he joked: ‘Er was I supposed to come home with these still on?!!’ For his final selfie, the Dancing on Ice host popped a pirate flag emoji above his head and a picture of a parrot on his shoulder to accompany his new eyepatch. ‘Factor 50 on half my face or the patch mark will last for days,’ he penned with a laughing emoji. In 2020, Phil spoke about his condition on the ITV daytime show and revealed: ‘My retinas are not detaching, but I have debilitating eye floaters.’ At the time he explained: ‘I am at the cutting edge of all this, let me tell you, because the only way to treat them is a vitrectomy, where they suck the jelly out of your eye.’ Before adding: ‘They are trying to pioneer a half vitrectomy which started in America – see I know a lot about this! ‘You have half the vitrectomy, take the floaters out, but you don’t get a cataract. And I am hoping I might be the first person in the country to get this!’ He admitted they drive him ‘insane’ as he continued: ‘My vision is like a filthy bathroom window drifting across my eyes, and it drives me crazy.’ MORE : Phillip Schofield bewildered after This Morning guest reveals ‘inner struggles’ based on his doodles MORE : Stacey Solomon and Phillip Schofield lead stars roasting in UK heatwave as temperatures soar Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 