Ready to feel old? The Spice Girls might have landed nine number one singles in the UK between 1996 and the year 2000, but apparently that wasn’t enough for Mel B’s daughters. In a new video, the singer (whose real name Melanie Brown) can be seen getting ready in her Melbourne hotel room. Mel, along with her two children, Angel, 15, and Madison, 10, is then heard reciting the lyrics to the Spice Girls’ hit Who Do You Think You Are? Mel said: ‘So, you just said “Who do you think you are?” and I said “Some kind of superstar”‘. But her kids still didn’t catch her thread. When asked who performed the song, her daughters go through a host of other big pop names before finally getting the right answer. ‘Is it Lady Gaga? Adele?’, asks Angel. Madison then walks towards the camera and says: ‘I don’t even know that song’. Both of them then have to be reminded that, yes, they do know the song, before it hilariously dawns on them that their own mum sang it. ‘My kids have no clue when it comes to Spice Girls songs’, Mel captioned the post, as Angel continued to insist that it was Lady Gaga’s song. ‘So [the] Spice Girls may have sold over 100 million records but I think I need to buy one more for my kids’. The person recording the video then jokes: ‘It only took us half the song’. The ‘girl power’ pop group dominated the singles charts in the 1990s and reunited for two sold-out tours in 2007 and 2019. Nine of their 11 singles reached the top of the Official Charts, with only Stop in 1998 and Headlines (Friendship Never Ends) in 2007 failing to reach the summit. Mel B was in Australia to see a production of the Lin-Manuel Miranda production Hamilton, although Miranda no longer performs the play’s titular character. After the show, she met some of the cast members, who posted to their Instagram stories about how delighted they were to have met her. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Spice Girls tease Spiceworld 25th anniversary announcement – everyone remain calm MORE : Spice Girls ‘to reunite for first performance with Victoria Beckham since 2012’ for Geri Horner’s 50th birthday