Ian Poulter insisted he did not hear the boos which greeted him on the first tee of the 150th Open. The Ryder Cup veteran claimed the frosty reception he received had no influence on his opening shot being pulled across the widest fairway in golf and stopping just a few feet away from going out of bounds. Poulter was the first of the 24 players who have signed up to the controversial Saudi-backed LIV Golf series to tee off on Thursday and a handful of spectators could be heard booing. Poulter went on to make par on the first and holed an incredible eagle putt from around 150 feet across the ninth green on his way to a three-under-par 69. ‘Didn’t hear one,’ Poulter said when asked about the boos. ‘I actually thought I had a great reception on the first tee, to be honest. ‘All I heard was clapping. ‘I thought there was a couple of thousand (spectators) on the tee. So they obviously drowned out the one.’ The action at St Andrews had got under way less than 24 hours after R&A chief executive Martin Slumbers had said banning LIV Golf rebels from next year’s Open was ‘not on the agenda’, but that entry criteria could be changed. In a surprisingly strongly-worded statement before taking questions in his traditional pre-Open press conference, Slumbers said the Saudi-funded breakaway was ‘entirely driven by money’ and not in the ‘best long-term interests of the game’. ‘Purposely haven’t looked at all,’ Poulter said when asked for his reaction. ‘So I don’t want to know. You can tell me, I’m not going to listen. I’m here to play golf. ‘This could probably be my last Open Championship at St Andrews so I’m trying to enjoy it despite the questioning. ‘I’m staying out of the way. I’m not reading social media. I just want to play golf, right? I can only do my job. ‘If I listen to a lot of nonsense, then I’m going to get distracted. I don’t play golf very well distracted, so separating myself away from that this week has obviously been a good thing.’ MORE : Ian Poulter booed on first tee at The Open and shanks opening shot MORE : Open Championship 2022: Dates, tee times, venue, and how to watch on TV For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 