Rishi Sunak has announced he will stand as the next leader of the Conservative Party. The former chancellor, replaced by Nadhim Zahawi, said: ‘Let’s restore trust, rebuild the economy and reunite the country.’ Mr Sunak and Health Secretary Sajid Javid dramatically quit Boris Johnson’s cabinet within minutes of each other on Tuesday evening, sparking a wave of resignations that eventually led to the Prime Minister throwing in the towel yesterday. In a three-minute video launching his campaign to be Tory leader, Mr Sunak revealed the history of his family. He said: ‘Let me tell you a story. About a young woman, almost a lifetime ago, who boarded a plane armed with hope for a better life and the love of her family. ‘This young woman came to Britain, where she managed to find a job, but it took her nearly a year to save enough money for her husband and children to follow her. ‘One of those children was my mother, aged 15. My mum studied hard and got the qualifications to become a pharmacist. She met my dad, an NHS GP, and they settled in Southampton. ‘Their story didn’t end there, but that is where my story began.’ While Mr Sunak announced his leadership bid today, ‘readyforrishi’ website was registered in December, according to the who.is website which stores data on domains. This means the original site was registered during the height of the Patygate scandal. Data from the logo shows the colour profile was created on June 26 2022. All of this suggests the former chancellor may have been planning his bid to become Tory leader for some time. Mr Johnson quitting is set to unleash ‘the hounds of hell’ in a bitter leadership race, said Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries. Ms Dorries, an ardent supporter of Mr Johnson, predicted a ‘bloodbath’ as she warned rivals will ‘shred each other to pieces’. Mr Sunak and Mr Javid, together with Ben Wallace, Nadhim Zahawi, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss and ex-soldier Tom Tugendhat are potential contenders to be top Tory. Allies of former foreign secretary, Jeremy Hunt, who lost out to Mr Johnson in the 2019 leadership contest, said he was ‘virtually certain’ to stand again. Attorney General Suella Braverman also confirmed she would run but did not quit her own cabinet post – as she issued a humiliating plea for the PM to stop squatting in Downing Street. Deputy PM Dominic Raab is understood to have ruled himself out of the race. The Prime Minister reportedly took a swipe at Mr Sunak’s economic policies in front of 80 fellow Conservatives after his bombshell departure. ‘I know you’re all avidly in favour of tax cuts, and tonight’s events might make that a bit easier to deliver,’ he said. Mr Sunak said in his resignation letter: ‘The public rightly expect government to be conducted properly, competently and seriously. ‘I recognise this may be my last ministerial job, but I believe these standards are worth fighting for and that is why I am resigning.’ MORE: Rishi Sunak and Sajid Javid’s resignation letters and Boris Johnson’s replies in full In response, Mr Johnson said he was sorry to receive the resignation and thanked Mr Sunak for providing ‘outstanding service to the country through the most challenging period for our economy in peacetime history’. The Prime Minister was forced to fall on his sword after being at the helm during a string of scandals, most recently disgraced deputy chief whip Chris Pincher being suspended over groping allegations. Just 36 hours before the government went into freefall, Brexit minister Jacob Rees-Mogg defended the beleaguered PM, insisting he would remain in power for another 20 years. Mr Johnson intends to stay on as an MP after handing the keys to number 10 to his successor, a close ally has claimed. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.