Sue Barker couldn’t hold back her tears as she stepped down from fronting Wimbledon coverage, shortly after Novak Djokovic beat Nick Kyrgios in an electric 2022 final. The presenter, 66, announced she was retiring after 30 years of being the famous host of BBC’s tennis coverage, saying in an official statement via the BBC: ‘What a wonderful time I’ve had working on some of the biggest sporting events around the world. I will miss it terribly but after 30 years I feel the time is right for me. I’ve worked with the best of the best.’ As a tribute to her incredible career played in front of her today, the presenter reacted with tears in her eyes, as the crowd chanted her name. ‘It’s been an absolute privilege. I’ve loved it,’ a teary Sue said, after being called the G.O.A.T (greatest of all time). The tribute video showed Sue from her early days presenting Wimbledon, as well as clips of her time playing on the court. Before becoming a presenter, Sue was a professional tennis player and achieved a Grand Slam singles title after winning the French Open in 1976. The montage also featured tributes from Des Lynam, Billie Jean King, Andy Murray, Virginia Wade, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and John McEnroe. John McEnroe introduced the highlights’ clip, saying: ‘Sue Barker is Wimbledon’, while the video featured tennis champions around the world highlighting Sue’s achievements. Elsewhere in the clip, former tennis player Tim Henman said: ‘I think my final message to Sue is that I’ll miss her massively, professionally. ‘She’s been here every Wimbledon that I’ve ever been involved in as a professional player and now working on the tournament side and for the BBC. ‘We’ll miss her massively but hopefully it’ll give her more time to get to the royal box in the evening and have a few more glasses of champagne. So I look forward to that.’ American former world number one tennis player, Billie Jean King, stood beside Sue as she was honoured, and said: ‘She’s the Goat, for so many men and women. ‘She’s an amazing example, if you want to be a presenter, if you want to be the best in the field of broadcasting… Sue Barker, she’s the best ever.’ Elsewhere in the tribute video, Federer thanked Sue for her ‘incredible’ 30 years and ‘everything [she] has done’, while Murray recalled watching her on television as he grew up before being interviewed by her, saying she will be ‘sadly missed by everyone who watches tennis.’ During the film charting Sue’s career, the 2022 Wimbledon men’s singles champion Novak Djokovic said: ‘Sue please don’t leave. I heard bad news today that after 30 years you decided to finish. ‘You are probably the most legendary broadcaster for tennis in Great Britain, so tennis is going to miss you, I’m going to miss you and miss the interviews. ‘Hopefully I get a chance to have at least one interview with you before you leave. So I get to say goodbye to you in person. ‘Thank you for everything you’ve done and contributed to our sport.’ Only days ago Sue received a standing ovation from the Wimbledon crowd as McEnroe took a moment to celebrate her at the Centre Court Centenary Celebration. ‘One final word to the crowd,’ he said. ‘On behalf of all the players, I just want to say that we’re gonna be lost without you. After 30 years of covering this tournament magnificently, please give it up for Sue Barker.’ She was visibly emotional as thousands of fans got to their feet, cheering and clapping for her. ‘Thank you so much but this is about the tournament and all I can say is from now on, John McEnroe is going to be commentating on Court 17 after that going off script!’ Sue joked. ‘But thank you, that means the world to me, it really does.’ The tributes continued online as Channel 5 News presenter Dan Walker tweeted: ‘What a super star Sue Barker is. Knowledgeable, insightful, caring, calm, respected… just a brilliant broadcaster. Long may she reign.’ Television presenter Sue Perkins wrote: ‘I’m going to miss Sue Barker so much. What a champ. Thank you for being in my living room for thirty years.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Novak Djokovic sends emotional message to Nick Kyrgios after Wimbledon final MORE : ‘Best result of my career!’ – Nick Kyrgios upbeat despite losing Wimbledon final