Edwin van der Sar has paid tribute to ‘warrior’ Lisandro Martinez following his departure from Ajax and wished him luck at new club Manchester United. United confirmed on Wednesday that they had completed the signing of Argentina defender Martinez from Ajax in a deal worth up to £57m. Former Ajax boss Erik ten Hag, who joined Manchester United earlier in the summer, was keen to reunite with his former star, having signed him for the first time in 2019. Martinez has put pen to paper on a five-year contract with United and becomes Ten Hag’s third summer signing following Tyrell Malacia and Christian Eriksen. During his three-year spell at Ajax, Martinez made 120 appearances and helped the Dutch club win two Eredivisie titles. Ajax CEO and Manchester United legend Van der Sar said: ‘What a warrior you have been for us in Amsterdam. ‘We all loved your ability to develop yourself like so many others before you and play the football we like to watch but if needed the grit and determination in defence. ‘Good luck at this amazing club with a manager that shares the philosophy of attacking football in the style of Ajax. Good luck, Licha.’ Martinez, meanwhile, insists it is an ‘honour’ to join Manchester United and says he will do everything he can to help Ten Hag achieve success at the club. ‘It’s an honour to join this great football club,’ he said. ‘I’ve worked so hard to get to this moment and, now that I’m here, I’m going to push myself even further. ‘I’ve been lucky enough to be part of successful teams in my career and that’s what I want to continue at Manchester United. ‘There will be a lot of work to get to that moment, but I firmly believe that, under this manager and coaches, and together with my new team-mates, we can do it.’ Ten Hag also welcomed Martinez’s arrival at the Theatre of Dreams, saying: ‘He’s a warrior and I think the fans will admire him. He has an attitude, fighting spirit. ‘He brings aggressiveness in the game, in a good way. I think we need that. But he’s also skilful, he can deal with the ball and he’s left-footed.’  MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo eyeing swift return to Manchester United team while still wanting to leave MORE : Lisandro Martinez explains how ‘hard life’ led him to Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 