Becky Hill has urged other women to be ‘confident’ and ‘cover up for no one’ after a troll made comments about her outfit at the Women’s Euros 2022 final – because there’s just no pleasing some. The Crazy What Love Can Do singer had the pleasure of performing ahead of kick-off at Wembley Stadium on Sunday afternoon, as England prepared to take on Germany in a historic game. She delivered a sparkling set, presented by Pepsi MAX, with hits including My Heart Goes (La Di La), Remember and Free. Becky, 28, quite literally sparkled too, looking stunning in a silver bodysuit and matching boots. Fans rushed to congratulate Becky on the performance, with many noting how she ‘smashed it’ and others praising her for championing female empowerment by sharing the stage with Stefflon Don and Ultra Nate. However, there was one negative nancy who criticised Becky’s stage outfit in a now-deleted comment, prompting the popstar to hit back: ‘Be proud of your bodies! celebrate yourselves! show off your curves! cover up for no one & be confident! took me a long time to learn that & i wish i had role models like that growing up! ‘Thanks for having me today @Lionesses you’re doing us proud.’ One fan swooped in to support Becky, tweeting: ‘Utterly brilliant to see the female powerhouses @BeckyHill, @stefflondon and @ultranatemusic performing an opening set at the @WEURO2022 game. Beautiful, talented, diverse ladies. Sets a great example for female culture …and the songs were a complete bop too!’ Becky replied: ‘Thank you so much, beautifully kind comment & exactly what we were trying to achieve. was an absolute honour to open up such an iconic & historic moment for womens football & perform in all my popstar glory! will remember that moment until the day i die.’ Other supportive fans joined in: ‘Our girl @BeckyHill smashed it out the park at Wembley Stadium with her stellar opening ceremony show.’ Another said: ‘You was phenomenal Becky was lucky enough to see you live this year in the Isle of Man, you again was phenomenal and il always remember that gig. You certainly are a massive powerhouse and one of the best female singers in the industry. Well done for today.’ When Becky isn’t busy performing to the masses, she’s snuggled up on the sofa watching Love Island and revealed to Metro.co.uk ahead of the Women’s Euros final exactly who she’s rooting for to win tomorrow. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Becky Hill reveals why she wants Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack to win Love Island after performing in the villa MORE : Young England fan Tess Dolan, 8, screams in excitement after being gifted Alessia Russo’s shirt from Sweden game ahead of Wembley final 