WWE legend Triple H is officially back and he’s taking up his role as executive vice president of talent relations. The legendary star – whose real name is Paul Levesque – announced earlier this year he would never wrestle again after suffering a terrifying cardiac event which left him fearing for his life in September 2021, which led to him taking a step back from his work life. In a press release, WWE announced on Friday that The Game is back ‘effective immediately’, while Triple H added in a statement: ‘I look forward to returning to my prior position as head of Talent Relations. I’m healthy, fired up, and ready to take charge.’ He then tweeted that he is ‘proud and honored to work with the best talent in the world.’ The role had been held by John Laurinaitis, who was reportedly placed on administrative leave as the WWE board of director’s investigates allegations of misconduct against Laurinaitis and Vince McMahon. The decision means Triple H and his wife Stephanie McMahon now find themselves in very prominent positions of power in the company, with Stephanie replacing her father as interim CEO and chair amid the investigation. In a press release, the board of directors said McMahon has ‘voluntarily stepped back from his responsibilities as CEO and Chairman of the Board until the conclusion of the investigation’. He said last month: ‘I have pledged my complete cooperation to the investigation by the Special Committee, and I will do everything possible to support the investigation.  I have also pledged to accept the findings and outcome of the investigation, whatever they are.’ He has retained ‘his role and responsibilities related to WWE’s creative content during this period’, while his daughter Stephanie was named interim CEO and interim Chairwoman. Stephanie added at the time: ‘I love this company and am committed to working with the Independent Directors to strengthen our culture and our Company; it is extremely important to me that we have a safe and collaborative workplace. ‘I have committed to doing everything in my power to help the Special Committee complete its work, including marshaling the cooperation of the entire company to assist in the completion of the investigation and to implement its findings.’ Stephanie had announced in May she was taking a leave of absence to focus on her family, while in March her husband Triple H confirmed his in-ring retirement months after he was left fighting for his life following a battle with viral pneumonia and heart failure, which has left him with a defibrillator in his chest. Stephanie tweeted: ‘As of tomorrow, I am taking a leave of absence from the majority of my responsibilities at WWE. WWE is a lifelong legacy for me and I look forward to returning to the company that I love after taking this time to focus on my family.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE’s Seth Rollins expects to face Bray Wyatt again one day: ‘We’ve always had a chip on our shoulder’ MORE : Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson reveals meaning behind daughter’s Ava Raine WWE name 