Love Island’s closed captions didn’t hold back as Indiyah Polack showed off her recorder skills (?) during Monday night’s Talent Show. After dropping the L-bomb to boyfriend Dami Hope, the 23-year-old hotel waitress changed into an evening gown to give an unforgettable performance for her fellow contestants. Ahead of kicking off her rendition of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star, Indiyah psyched herself up with the help of Dami, who shouted words of encouragement from the fire pit. But no sooner than Indiyah started blowing away on the instrument did she have the whole group in hysterics. ‘There were some notes that were like eeee,’ Gemma Owen said as she debriefed in the Beach Hut. ‘Everyone was just wetting themselves.’ Indiyah also couldn’t contain her laughter at her own performance and decided it might be better to crouch down to perform instead. ‘Use those lungs babe,’ Danica Taylor encouraged, as she prepared to give the song another go. Eventually, Indiyah made it through to the end of the piece, with laughter erupting across the villa. Viewers too were in pieces over the scenes and couldn’t help but compare the performance to previous Love Island winner Millie Court, who debuted her piano skills last series. ‘Indiyah playing recorder might just be the highlight of the series, incredible talent,’ wrote one. Echoing a similar sentiment, another penned: ‘I’m done. Indiyah and the recorder is up there with Millie and the keyboard.’ Even the closed captions for the episode poked fun at Indiyah’s recorder ability. One fan shared a photo of the subtitles that read: ‘She plays “Twinkle Twinkle Little Star” badly.’ ‘HOW ARE THE CAPTIONS DOING MY GIRL INDIYAH SO BADLY OMG,’ they added.’ ‘They did indiyah wrong with these captions,’ another said, alongside another screenshot. Ouch! Elsewhere during the Talent Show, Danica showed off her best dance moves, Adam Collard quite literally put his cards on the table with a magic trick, and Davide Sanclimenti whipped up his signature dish in the debut instalment of Cooking with Davide. Love Island continues on Tuesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 