Wedding season is in full-swing. However, while we love celebrating our nearest and dearest tying the knot, it can be an incredibly costly time of the year. Also, with 2022 set to be the most popular year for weddings since 1984 (thanks to pandemic delays), lots of people have back-to-back nuptials all summer. This can take an almighty hit on our bank balances as guests – particularly with the current cost of living crisis. In fact, recent research revealed 47% of Brits say the cost-of-living crisis means attending a wedding is adding to their financial woes – and a quarter of guests can’t afford to go to the weddings they’ve been invited to. Thankfully, there are a few ways you can attend a wedding on a budget. The team at ethical engagement ring brand Nightingale have shared some top tips for keeping costs down this wedding season and beyond. Go for a group gift If the people getting married have a gift list, why not pool together with friends to get something on it? Opting for a group gift means you can purchase one of the more expensive wish-list items – without blowing your own budget. Offer your services Perhaps you’re great at styling hair, or baking? Why not offer up your services for the bride or groom as a gift for them. The Nightingale team say: ‘Pitch your talents and expertise to the happy couple and see if there’s anything you can offer that doesn’t take a huge bite out of your budget.’ Go homemade A homemade gift is a lovely offering and has a more personal touch. This could be painting a picture of the happy couple, or crafting them something unique. Remember, it’s the thought that counts. Rent instead Renting outfits has been growing in popularity over recent years – with websites such as Hurr, Rotation and My Wardrobe HQ offering some stunning wedding guest outfits. For example, you can rent a Ganni dress from just £37 per day. Swap with your friends If you’re attending weddings over the summer months, it’s highly likely some of your friends will have a few too – so why not swap outfits with a pal? That way both parties can mix up their looks without paying any extra for a new outfit. Shop second-hand Vinted, eBay and Depop boast some amazing pre-loved items for wedding season. It’s also a more eco-friendly alternative to buying a new outfit for every single event. If you’re looking to make some cash, you could sell your old outfits on these platforms, too. Travel and accomodation is the unexpected additional cost that can really sting when it comes to weddings. But there are a few things you can do to keep prices down. Car pool It’s likely that you’ll know a few other guests that are also travelling to your destination. So organising a car pool will be cheaper for you and the people you travel with – as long as you all split the cost fairly and look into cheaper petrol stations. Get a railcard If you’re travelling to multiple weddings over the summer by train, a railcard could get you significant amounts off your fares. While the cards cost money to buy, they typically save you between a third and 50% off travel every time you book afterwards – so you quickly make the cash back. Use search engines Make the most of price comparison websites for booking travel and accommodation. Taking time to look around will certainly pay off. Book as a group Hotel’s will usually provide family rates for big groups, so find some other saving-savvy guests and bag a great deal. If a group rate is still out of your budget, you and your group can look at Airbnb options in the area, which are often far cheaper. Book in advance Once you know the venue, it’s a good idea to sort accommodation ASAP. Consulting your options as early as you can will yield cheaper results. However, it’s often best to book directly with the hotel as you won’t have to pay booking fees. Stay with relatives/friends It’s always worth asking if you can stay with family or friends who might live near a wedding venue – so you can save money on accomodation. This probably won’t be the case for every wedding you attend, but if a village or area sounds familiar – be sure to get in touch and ask. Don’t be afraid to say ‘no‘ ‘We know that the big day is all about the bride and groom but it’s also important to prioritise yourself. Having an honest conversation with the couple about your finances can be meaningful and significant to putting yourself first,’ say the Nightingale team. ‘Even if you can make the big day, don’t be afraid to say no to the extra activities such as a hen or stag-do.’ Get all the information ASAP The early bird really does catch the worm – so the earlier you get all the information, and the sooner you sort things, the more budget-friendly it will be. ‘Plan ahead, seek out cheaper options and calculate just how much you are willing to spend,’ the team add. Help friends and family out Whether it’s babysitting or offering a lift, helping your friends and family with their own wedding costs will often incentivise your loved ones to help you when you need it. Being an active member of your friendship group and family will always pay off in the long-run – as people are likely to return the favour. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Eco-friendly couple spend £3,000 on a ‘zero-waste wedding’ – complete with a recycled fabric dress MORE : Easy hints and tips to help you save money this summer MORE : I don’t: Isn’t it time to lower the cost of going to weddings?