We all know we should probably be drinking more water. But it’s not so easy to get into the habit of downing another glass. DASH Water is here to help, with sparkling waters that taste so delish, you’ll be eager to meet your hydration target. And they offer a subscription service, so you can easily keep your fridge stocked – that means you’ll have no excuse not to up your water intake. DASH Water tastes great because it’s made with fresh spring water and real wonky fruit (that would usually go in the bin purely because it doesn’t look as pretty). Take your pick from super refreshing cucumber, lemon, raspberry, blackcurrant, mango, and our personal fave; peach. You can opt for a monthly box of a mix of flavours, or if you know your heart is set on just the one (mango, perhaps?), you can subscribe for a delivery of a 12-pack every 14 days. Order your first pack here Now, we will warn you: if you get the largest box (48 cans), that’s not enough to cover all your water intake – you’ll still need to hydrate with regular water beyond a can a day. But we reckon that livening up your eight glasses with the promise of a can of delicious fruity water in between will serve as motivation to keep up the habit. Plus, if you’re trying to kick the not-so-great habit of downing sugary fizzy drinks, these sparkling waters scratch the itch without the unhealthy bits – they’re made with real fruit and water, with no nasty added sugars and chemicals. You can get 50% off your first order, whether you opt for a single box or subscribe and save, with the code TRYME50. We’d recommend subscribing, though, as this way you’ll get 20% off every order, free delivery, and you’ll earn 2,000 points worth £20 off your second order. Fancy giving DASH Water a go? You can order here. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : How to drink more water: Simple ways to make it part of your routine MORE : Calling me out for drinking non-alcoholic beer is not just ‘lad chat’