The Duchess of Cornwall and her dogs will appear across the front pages of Country Life to mark both her milestone birthday and the magazine’s 125th anniversary edition. She commissioned her daughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, to photograph her in the garden of Ray Mill House in Lacock, Wiltshire. The upcoming issue will be released on July 13 ahead of the royal’s 75th birthday a few days later on July 17. Among the images featured for the souvenir edition is one of Camilla’s Jack Russell terriers Bluebell and Beth draped in her pearls. Another shows the royal wearing a blue dress sitting on a bench with a basket of flowers. Camilla purchased the six-bedroom country home after her divorce from Andrew Parker-Bowles in 1996, and it remained her permanent residence until she moved in with Charles at Clarence House in 2003. ‘We are thrilled to have our Guest Editor captured so magnificently by royal photographer The Duchess of Cambridge,’ Country Life editor Mark Hedges said. ‘We understand this is the first time a formal portrait of The Duchess of Cornwall has been taken by The Duchess of Cambridge for a magazine and we are honoured to have been chosen to be the first to publish this beautiful image. ‘The photographs are superb and we would be delighted to offer The Duchess of Cambridge another commission!’ Camilla has become the third royal to edit the publication following husband Prince Charles – who has done it twice – and Princess Anne. Country Life said it ‘could not be happier with the results’ after working alongside the duchess and a small royal team for six months to pull together the 244-page issue. ‘The Duchess of Cambridge took her commission very seriously and was incredibly professional about the task at hand,’ managing and features editor Paula Lester said. ‘She phoned me to discuss our requirements for the cover and subsequently composed a range of beautifully shot images.’ ‘In fact, the set of images [Kate] took was so good we struggled to choose only three, from which the Duchess of Cornwall made her final selection.’ A documentary crew followed Camilla and the Country life team to capture a behind-the-scenes special about making the issue. The hour-long special, Camilla’s Country Life, will air at 9pm on July 13 on ITV. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.