Jennifer Lopez has marked her 53rd birthday in a unique way – posing in her birthday suit. The singer and actress, celebrated her special day this week and used the opportunity to show off her incredible figure with a video of her posing completely nude as she enjoys a honeymoon in Europe. JLo, who married long-time love Ben Affleck in a surprise ceremony last week, released the video to promote her latest JLo Beauty product, a $65 (£54) booty balm. In the video, the mum-of-two strips off bit by bit until she is unapologetically showing her toned body. She captioned the video: ‘We give all this care and attention to the skin on our face, but we sometimes neglect the body. ‘It was important to me to create a skincare routine for the body to address its specific and unique needs, and we started with the booty!’ Fans flocked to Jen’s page to share their awe at the new video, with many commenting on how well the star looks. ‘This skin!’ one fan wrote. ‘I need it asap.’ ‘Stunning,’ wrote another, while one said ‘Happy bday gorgeous! I love you!’ One deemed her ‘THE MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN IN THE WORLD,’ while another fan wished her happy birthday, adding: ‘We love you.’ Jen’s latest product comes after she and Ben eloped to Las Vegas, where they were married in a tiny chapel along other head-over-heels couples. The newly-married pair have since been living it up on their honeymoon, going on romantic dates in Paris and river cruises along the Seine. It proved a bit too relaxing for Ben, 49, who was snapped nodding off in the sun as the open-topped boat sailed down the river in the City of Love. Joining them on parts of their honeymoon were Seraphina, Ben’s 13-year-old daughter, his 16-year-old daughter Violet, and JLo’s 14-year-old Emme. Ben also shares son Samuel, 10, with ex-wife Jennifer Garner, while Jen also has Emme’s twin Maximillian with ex Marc Anthony. Jennifer and Ben were previously engaged to be married back in 2002, but called time on their romance in 2004. They reunited in May 2021 and Bennifer 2.0 became a thing, with Jen describing their surprise nuptials in Vegas as ‘the best possible wedding we could have imagined’. She’s also changed her name after walking down the aisle at the Little White Chapel, making the most casual announcement in an email to fans. ‘Love is a great thing, maybe the best of things-and worth waiting for’, she wrote, signing off with her new full name – Jennifer Lynn Affleck. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ben Affleck nods off as he enjoys relaxing honeymoon river cruise with new wife Jennifer Lopez MORE : Ben Affleck’s daughter Violet joins honeymooners dad and step mum Jennifer Lopez for lunch outing 