Nichelle Nichols has died at the age of 89, it has been confirmed. The actress, who was best known for her groundbreaking role in Star Trek, died on Saturday. She famously played communications officer Lieutenant Nyota Uhura. Nichols’ son Kyle Johnson announced the news on Sunday in a statement, which said: ‘Last night, my mother, Nichelle Nichols, succumbed to natural causes and passed away. ‘Her light however, like the ancient galaxies now being seen for the first time, will remain for us and future generations to enjoy, learn from, and draw inspiration.’ He added: ‘Hers was a life well lived and as such a model for us all.’ George Takei, who starred alongside Nichols as Lieutenant Hikaru Sulu of the fictional star ship USS Enterprise, also paid tribute to the actress. He shared a photo of them together and wrote: ‘I shall have more to say about the trailblazing, incomparable Nichelle Nichols, who shared the bridge with us as Lt. Uhura of the USS Enterprise, and who passed today at age 89. ‘For today, my heart is heavy, my eyes shining like the stars you now rest among, my dearest friend.’ A message on Star Trek’s official Twitter account read: ‘We’re deeply saddened to report the passing of Nichelle Nichols – a trailblazer, an inspiration, and so much more. She will be deeply missed.’ Kate Mulgrew, who portrayed Captain Kathryn Janeway on Star Trek: Voyager, praised Nichols for pathing the way for female actresses. The actress wrote: ‘Nichelle Nichols was The First. ‘She was a trailblazer who navigated a very challenging trail with grit, grace, and a gorgeous fire we are not likely to see again. May she Rest In Peace.’ Wonder Woman star Lynda Carter honoured Nichols’ impact on other women in the media, and wrote in her tribute: ‘Many actors become stars, but few stars can move a nation. ‘Nichelle Nichols showed us the extraordinary power of Black women and paved the way for a better future for all women in media. Thank you, Nichelle. We will miss you.’ Nichols’ role in Star Trek: The Original Series was pioneering as she appeared in a major authoratative role at a time when many African-American actors were being cast as servants. The actress’ turn as Lieutenant Uhura also led to one of the first on-screen interracial kisses between a white actor – William Shatner playing Captain Kirk – and a Black actress. In her 1994 book Beyond Uhura: Star Trek and Other Memories, Nichols wrote of the iconic moment: ‘Finally, the guys in charge relented: “To hell with it. Let’s go with the kiss”. ‘I guess they figured we were going to be canceled in a few months anyway. And so the kiss stayed.’ It’s said that Nichols – born Grace Nichols – was good friends with late civil rights activist Dr Martin Luther King Jr, and that he frequently persuaded her to remain on the show. King Jr’s daughter Bernice King reflected on the importance of representation on television in her tribute, saying: ‘Representation matters. Excellence in representation matters even more. ‘Thank you, #NichelleNichols. Rest well, ancestor.’ Nasa paid tribute to the iconic actress and said: ‘We celebrate the life of Nichelle Nichols, Star Trek actor, trailblazer, and role model, who symbolized to so many what was possible. ‘She partnered with us to recruit some of the first women and minority astronauts, and inspired generations to reach for the stars.’ Nichols appeared on the original Star Trek for three years between 1966 and 1969. However, she has reprised the role in several Star Trek movies, including 2020’s Star Trek First Frontier. In the 1970s, Nichols earned a gig as a recruiter for Nasa after she publicly criticised the agency for failing to consider women and other minorities for jobs. ‘At the end of the recruitment, NASA had so many highly qualified people. They took six women, they took three African-American men … it was a very fulfilling accomplishment for me,’ she once said. Outside of Star Trek, some of Nichols’ other credits include sci-fi series Heroes, in which she starred as the grandmother of Monica Dawson (Dana Davis), Are We There Yet?, Snow Dogs and This Bitter Earth. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chloe Kelly leaves BBC viewers in hysterics after ditching mic mid-interview to join Lionesses for Sweet Caroline MORE : Phillip Schofield, Piers Morgan and Tom Grennan lead raucous congratulations as England’s Lionesses beat Germany in historic Euro 2022 win 