Ikenna was not holding back when discussing Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack’s relationship ahead of Casa Amor’s return on Love Island. Last night we were given the confirmation we’d been yearning for that the twist was imminent, with a Casa Amor sign heralding the news couples were about to be put to the ultimate test. And Ikenna, who was booted from the villa before Indiyah went on to couple up with Dami, after previously being coupled with Ikenna, has been asked for some predictions. Sharing some thoughts on Indiyah and Dami’s flourishing romance, while the nation may be backing the couple all the way (even if our Love Island body language expert Judi James still needs some convincing) he’s not so sure their relationship will survive Casa Amor. Speaking on Friday, the dumped Islander said as he knows them both personally, he can’t see them making it out of the twist, despite previously saying the pair were a good match. While he shared his hopes they will make it to the finish line as a couple, according to Ikenna, ‘Dami is more likely to flake.’ If you’ll just give us a moment to compose ourselves at this relevation… He said on the Reality with Will Njobvu podcast: ‘I know them personally, and I think either of them could flake. ‘Dami more so, but he does show he really likes Indiyah. Honestly, I can’t call it. 50/50 for both of them.’ Elsewhere, talking about the pair moving on before Ikenna’s bed was cold, the reality star felt the situation was all ‘a little bit weird’. He went on: ‘Dami is probably the person I was closest to in there. That I spoke to the most as well and in there, when we had chats we would give each other couple advice and relationship advice and he would say ah bro how are you feeling? ‘He’d give me advice on what to do [with Indiyah] and when I asked him do you like Indiyah.. do you find her attractive.. would you ever do that? He said Nah. But he would say yeah she’s very attractive. But at no point did he mention.’ It’s not just Ikenna who is wondering how Indiyah and Dami will go in Casa Amor, in this week’s Love Or Lie Island Judi James said there was still a bit of convincing needed for her to see them as a strong couple in the villa. Judi said: ‘I love Dami, I love Indiyah, I’m not 100% convinced,’ adding of their date: ‘Obviously on this date there was some really nice body language but I want to be more convinced. ‘I will be the happiest woman in the world when I get more convinced, but at the moment they haven’t been tested and I think a lot of it is that we haven’t seen a lot of them in the early days as individuals. We missed a load of what’s been going on off-camera. She went on: ‘To be honest, if you said to me “how much money would you put on them both coming out of Casa Amor without having done anything?” I wouldn’t put a lot of money on it. ‘I’m not being mean, I’m just not sure. I have a feeling something is hanging in the air in terms of their plot line, a bit more worrying…a few tears there. ‘I want to be able to sit back and love them thinking it’s a fully tested relationship. At the moment, it seems to be a bit too easy.’ Love Island continues 9pm tonight on ITV2. MORE : Gemma Owen finally speaks about famous dad Michael Owen on Love Island and casually drops Beckham link MORE : Love Island stars face savage twist as Islanders have to decide who is dumped from the villa in cliffhanger