First-time buyers hoping to get a foot on the property ladder with a financial boost from Help to Buy now have only four months left to reserve a new home and put down a holding deposit before the scheme closes for good. In May, Homes England told developers the Help to Buy Equity Loan scheme would close for new applications at 6pm on October 31 this year – two months earlier than originally planned. More than 350,000 young people and families have been helped into homeownership by taking a Help to Buy equity loan since the scheme launched in 2013, with more than £22billion now owed to the government. While many of those purchasing a home with the equity loan used the scheme to boost the amount they could afford to borrow in order to buy a more expensive property, there are thousands of people now on the housing ladder who would not be there at all without Help to Buy. So, with the deadline now fast approaching, should you be getting your skates on to make use of the last of these government-backed equity loans? And if you are planning to buy through the scheme, what implications will it have for your finances in the future? Help to Buy has taken several different formats over the years, changing who is eligible for the equity loan and what type of property you can buy with the scheme’s aid. The current scheme lets first-time buyers in England borrow up to 20% of the value of a new-build home from the government in the form of an equity loan. In London, the equity loan can be up to 40% of the purchase price. Buyers need to put down a minimum cash deposit of 5% and can take a mortgage of up to 75% to cover the rest of the cost. The equity loan gives the government a stake in the property, meaning that the amount you have to pay back depends on the value of your home when you repay, not the amount you borrowed. For example, if you buy a house for £200,000 today and take a £40,000 equity loan through Help to Buy, you will have to put down £10,000 in cash and the rest you will borrow from a mortgage lender. No interest will be charged on the loan in the first five years – although there will be an administration fee of £1 a month. If you are in a position to repay the equity loan in full in five years’ time when your home is valued at £300,000 you will have to repay 20% of £300,000, so £60,000. From year six, the Government charges interest on the loan at 1.75%, equivalent to £58.33 a month for the example above. This rate rises every April thereafter, in line with consumer price inflation plus an additional 2%. It’s possible to repay part or all of the equity loan at any time in the first five years, should you want to. Anyone taking a Help to Buy equity loan today won’t pay interest on it until 2027. It’s impossible to predict what inflation will be in five years’ time, but the higher the rate of inflation, the more your monthly interest payments will rise. The previous incarnation of the scheme charged interest slightly differently, starting at 1.75% in year six and rising by retail price inflation plus 1% each year. While this won’t apply for anyone using Help to Buy today, someone who bought using a £40,000 equity loan seven years ago will see their monthly interest payments change from April next year. The Bank of England is forecasting the Consumer Price Index measure of inflation to remain above 9% up to and including the first quarter of next year. The Retail Price Index measure of inflation, which includes mortgage interest payments, is currently running at around 2.5% higher, meaning it’s likely that RPI inflation will be about 11.5% in March next year. On this basis, interest charged on a £40,000 equity loan entering its seventh year would see monthly payments rise from £58.33 to £92.33 from April next year. The key thing to consider if you’re planning to use the scheme before it ends in October is whether you will be able to afford to repay the equity loan to the government in full before five years are up. You won’t know how much the value of your property will have changed by 2027, but based on historical trends it’s likely to be worth more. This means you’ll have to repay more than you borrow. It’s also worth remembering that most people see their salaries go up over five years as they move up the ranks in their jobs, which should provide a cushion to help you afford the higher payback amount. The other thing to think about is the cost of your mortgage. If you take a five-year fixed rate, you will need to remortgage to a new deal at the same time as your equity loan starts charging interest. This will affect how much you can borrow, but if the property value has risen, it may be possible to remortgage to a bigger loan and repay the equity loan back in full. Mortgage rates are climbing at the moment, driven by the Bank of England raising interest rates. It’s hard to guess what they’ll be in 2027, but they’ll be determined by how healthy (or unhealthy) the economy is by then. If used wisely, Help to Buy is worth a look if you’re struggling to buy because high rents and the rising cost of living are making it hard to save a large enough deposit. It will mean you can get a cheaper mortgage over the next five years without having to pay extra monthly charges, bar the £1 monthly admin fee. The trick is to pay it back before the interest starts. Help to Buy is just one of the schemes available to make buying your first home more affordable. Here are some other options to consider before taking the plunge. Through shared ownership, it’s possible to buy between 10% (although still most frequently a minimum of 25%) and 75% of a home’s full market value with a minimum 5% deposit for that share, and pay rent to a landlord on the portion of the property you do not own. You can buy additional shares over time in specified increments. Your rent will rise each year in line with Retail Price Inflation plus up to 2%. This new scheme is available in England and allows first-time buyers to purchase a new-build home at 30% below its market value. Homes bought through the scheme keep this discount so when you sell, the price will still be 30% less than market value. Only households whose income is less than £80,000 a year, or £90,000 in London, qualify to use First Homes. This is designed to help buyers with less than a 10% deposit to access mortgage finance. The purchase price must not exceed £599,999 and the property cannot be a new-build home. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman shares how she saved £50,000 in two years to buy first home MORE : These are the most affordable areas in the UK to buy a home – and houses on sale now MORE : Help To Buy: When does the first-time buyer scheme end?