Stacey Solomon is heading off on her hen do and husband-to-be Joe Swash is stressing out. The adorable couple are due to tie the knot later this month after delaying their nuptials several times, both due to the pandemic and Stacey’s pregnancy. But after welcoming first daughter Rose last year on her birthday, the former X Factor star and her fiancé are ready to walk down the aisle, with all their kids present for the special occasion. However, before she transforms into a beautiful bride, there’s the exciting matter of the hen party to contend with – well, exciting if you’re Stacey, not so much if you’re Joe and have been left with a list of responsibilities. Stacey filmed a video of the ex-EastEnders star, visibly worried about being alone for the next four days, placing his head in his hands as she explained he has to ‘do everything’ she’s left for him. ‘I’ve wrote the schedule and you’re going to be fine, as long as you do everything on the list,’ Stacey told Joe in the Instagram clip. Joe groaned in response: ‘That’s the scary thing! I’m not worried about the kids, I’m worried about the list you’ve left me to do.’ Stacey giggled as she repeated: ‘Just follow the list!’ ‘I didn’t make no list when I went to Ibiza,’ Joe retorted, referring to his recent stag do. ‘Because I am the list’, Stacey responded, with what we can only imagine was a mic drop. But, her almost-husband’s anxieties aren’t stopping her from enjoying a wild hen do, later posting a picture of her passport to confirm she left Joe to his own devices to go meet her friends at the airport. She was greeted with her pals all wearing masks of Joe’s face, writing on her Story: ‘So here are my sisters and my best friends and thanks to them this is how I travel to our hen do destination. ‘Apparently I talk about my pickles so much (even wanted to bring them on my hen) so my hen costume was a giant pickle. It was boiling and not inconspicuous in any way.’ And yes, Stacey did indeed stroll through the airport dressed in a pickle costume, adding: ‘I can’t tell you how many beautiful brides we passed on our way through of on their hen dos with diamanté tiaras and white dresses. And I was being patted down in security in a big green pickle outfit 😂’. Honestly, Stacey’s hen party sounds hilarious already and we wish we had an invite. Their wedding itself already seems set to be a magical day too, with their £1.2million Pickle Cottage in Essex brimming with gorgeous decorations. Stacey – who loves a bit of DIY and frequently shares her home renovations online – transformed the couple’s front door with a stunning flower display, and has placed hanging baskets around their garden. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE star Bobby Lashley casually rips watermelon in half with bare hands in ridiculous display of power MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne declares she’s ‘excited’ for Jacques O’Neill reunion – while he snogs Cheyanne Kerr moments before recoupling