The whereabouts of Sri Lanka’s president are ‘unknown’ after huge protests were held across the country. There were extraordinary scenes yesterday when thousands stormed the president’s luxury palace in Colombo. Today, many have made themselves at home as they await Gotabaya Rajapaksa’s official resignation as president. The group have vowed not to leave until he confirms he is stepping down. People have been pictured sleeping on Mr Rajapaksa’s bed, swimming in his pool and lounging on the palace’s luxury furniture. Some made tea or used the gym while others issued statements from a conference room demanding that the president and prime minister go. Clean-up operations have started today however, as protesters swap their flags and signs for brooms and rubbish bags to clear debris. Protesters also torched the home of Sri Lanka’s prime minister Ranil Wickremesinghe during yesterday’s protests. Mr Wickremesinghe has already said he will leave office once a new government is in place. But protesters are awaiting direct confirmation from Mr Rajapaksa, whose ‘whereabouts are unknown’ following yesterday’s protests at the palace. He told a government speaker he planned to step down on Wednesday, but has not directly addressed the nation since his palace was invaded. It is still unclear on whether Mr Rajapaksa was even inside his palace at the time of the invasion. Video posted on social media yesterday showed hundreds of protesters running into the president’s residence, chanting ‘Gota go home’, as they called the president by his nickname. Barricades were overturned as protesters pushed past security and stormed the colonial-era parliament building, which has been converted into the President’s office. Pressure on both Mr Rajapaksa and Mr Wickremesinghe to quit had mounted as people in Sri Lanka battle an economic crisis. Protests have been held for months as more have been left struggling to obtain food, fuel and other necessities. Police had attempted to thwart yesterday’s planned demonstrations with a curfew, but it was lifted as lawyers and opposition politicians denounced it as illegal. Elsewhere, opposition parties will meet today to plan a political route forward for Sri Lanka. Opposition lawmaker Mahinda Yapa Abeywardena said all opposition parties combined could easily muster the 113 members needed to show a majority in parliament. Once this is the case, they can request Mr Rajapaksa to install their new government and then resign. He said the parties hoped to reach a consensus by the end of today. Schools have been suspended amid the economic chaos in Sri Lanka, and the use of fuel has been limited to only essential services. The country is currently relying on aid from India and other nations as leaders try to negotiate a bailout with the International Monetary Fund (IMF). Mr Wickremesinghe said recently that negotiations with the IMF were complex because Sri Lanka was now a ‘bankrupt state.’ If both president and prime minister resign, Mr Abeywardena will take over as temporary president, according to the constitution. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.