Lauren Goodger and Charles Drury have said they are ‘overwhelmed’ by messages of support after the death of their newborn daughter Lorena. The former Towie star, 35, was expecting her second baby, but shared the heartbreaking news that Lorena died following her birth on July 8. Both parents, who share their daughter Larose, paid tribute to their little one, and have now thanked fans for their support. A spokesperson for Lauren and Charles said: ‘Lauren and Charles would like to thank everyone for their amazing support at this hard time. ‘The messages have been so lovely and even though it takes no pain away it really has helped to see how much support there is for them.’ They added to OK!: ’They are completely overwhelmed and touched by the response.’ In a statement, Lauren – whose ex-boyfriend Jake McLean was killed in a car crash last week – revealed little Lorena had died, with Lauren sharing she didn’t suffer any pregnancy or labour complications. The star revealed she is ‘broken’, as she shared a black and white photo of her holding onto Lorena’s hand, writing: ‘She was the most beautiful healthy baby I’ve ever seen just like her sister @babylarose.x … words can’t describe as a mother losing your baby that I carried for all these months perfectly and gave birth too for my angel to be taken from me.’ Lauren went on: ‘She was fine & healthy but I am not going into detail right now just know that there was nothing wrong with her or myself she was perfect I can’t understand it she is so so beautiful Larose twin so similar. ‘I am broken 💔 I am back home from hospital Me & Charlie spent as much time with our baby girl Lorena and I haven’t said my goodbye yet’. The star added: ‘Larose she is my rock that’s getting me through this or I wouldn’t survive… I will never ever get over this but I will learn how to live everyday with Lorena in my heart she will be with me always and I will be with her again one day … My 👼 Lorena I love you so much 💔.’ Lauren also appealed for privacy as she grieves and organises Lorena’s funeral, adding she ‘needs this time & with my baby girl’, adding in her stories: ‘My angel, I love you so much.’ Charles also shared a tribute to their little one, saying: ‘I’ll love you until the end of time’. Friends and followers of Lauren’s shared their condolences, with pregnant Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby writing: ‘Lauren f**king hell I’m devastated.’ Thousands of comments were left on Goodger’s Instagram post, including messages of condolence from fellow Towie cast members. Danielle Armstrong wrote: ‘Oh darling heartbroken for you sending you strength and love and hope you get the respect and privacy you need to grieve xxxx.’ Georgia Kousoulou commented: ‘I’m so so sorry Lauren, sending you so much love & strength right now.’ MORE : Lauren Goodger’s partner Charles Drury speaks out after newborn Lorena dies: ‘I’ll love you until the end of time’ MORE : Lauren Goodger announces death of baby Lorena 