You should not hide your feelings any longer, it is time to open up and tell people your thoughts. And don’t be frightened: be true to yourself and desires. Cancer, do not forgive and forget: release that rage. Stop procrastinating Scorpio and make that change. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 20, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You might be dealing with something that needs a decision. You’ll also realise that it’s best to be true to yourself, rather than get dragged into issues that aren’t your responsibility and that are taking a toll on you. Is there something you’re putting up with that needs to stop? Take back control. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 If you’ve been holding back your feelings about something, they could surface today. You and another might be unwilling to see eye-to-eye. Side-step any confrontations as you’ll have more luck discussing this another time. You’ll sense what to do next. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You might be tempted to abandon a project, rather than throw good money after bad. Today, things could be balanced on a knife edge, as you try to come to a decision. You might be close to a breakthrough and with one final push you’ll be there. Believe in yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 If someone has let you down, you’ll be in no mood to smile and forgive them. Instead, you might want to tell them exactly how you feel. You might need to release pent-up anger, especially if your reputation is at stake. If you say it like it is, they won’t let you down again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Bursting with creative ideas, but nervous to share them? If someone has put a damper on your efforts, you might feel even more uncomfortable about putting anything out there. There are always going to be those who don’t like what you do, but there are also plenty of people who will. Keep going. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 How long can you keep a secret for? It might not be for long, as something or someone will tease it out of you. A friend might have already guessed. From there, it won’t take much to get you to admit to it. The difference is that now you can talk about it, and it could be a huge relief. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 A difference of opinion could escalate, especially if you feel someone is trying to undermine your efforts. If you’re certain this is what they’re playing at, you have a right to share your feelings. If you are unsure though, then it’s best to keep quiet, or at least be very careful. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Keen to deal with habits you’ve questioned for some time? The question is, whether they’re shaped by indulgent desires or by your beliefs. If the former, you could find reasons to put off doing something about them, even though you know the time is ripe for change. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 How far are you prepared to go to get what you want? Thinking about whether certain desires are worth it. Romance-wise, you might want someone to pay more attention to you than they are. If they did reciprocate, there might be no easy way back if you’ve made a mistake. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Approach a plan in the right way and it could turn out positive. Go for it, as it’s better to get it done fast so you can be certain of the best outcome. If family are involved, things might be a little more complicated. Need to take a strong position? Don’t let others upset your resolve. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 If you have the choice between getting involved in a project or not, then it could be helpful to consider your options. At this stage, it might seem that someone has the upper hand, which might not sit easily with you. Don’t defer to them, as you have more influence than you know. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Explore a talent that needs a push to get it off the ground. If others have been telling you how good you are, take them at their word, as this isn’t the time for doubts. By investing in the required materials, you’ll be ready to go for it. Doors may open, and opportunities can come from your efforts. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 17 to July 23 and Mercury's move into Leo MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you