If you’ve ever got one of the UK’s sleeper trains, you’ll find it’s a unique experience. You get your own tiny berth and are woken up in the morning with a cup of tea and bacon roll. But Jim Metcalfe, a regular user of the Caledonian Sleeper service from Scotland to London, experienced a first – he woke up to discover the train hadn’t actually left. He tweeted: ‘In 15 years of using this train, and through many bizarre twists and turns, this has to be strangest yet. ‘Wake up, and the train never left Glasgow. It was just sat here all night, and now we have been thrown off it at 5.30am in the wrong city.’ The charity chief executive, who lives in East Renfrewshire, explained he travelled overnight on Tuesday to arrive in the capital yesterday morning for a meeting – after the country experienced its hottest-ever day. Jim, 43, told the BBC: ‘I can’t sleep after it starts moving so I get on early and try to sleep first, so I got on at 10.30pm and was asleep by 11pm. That was it really. ‘There was a knock on the door at 5pm and a guy very kindly appeared with a sausage roll and coffee – he explained the train hadn’t moved. ‘We were told we had to get off because they needed the platform back. It was more surreal than anything else – I should have been 300 miles away.’ Jim said he checked the train was still running before leaving for the Glasgow Central station due to the heatwave, so was initially frustrated – but has since said rail staff handled the situation well. ‘I would say in a really difficult situation, the on board train staff were really calm and professional and handled it as best they could,’ he added. ‘I just went home, for me it was a minor inconvenience. But it is bringing home what is happening around the world on the climate emergency – it made it very real that you were experiencing this in real time.’ Kathryn Darbandi, Serco’s managing director for the Caledonian Sleeper, said: ‘We apologise to guests affected by the cancellation of our overnight services between Scotland and London. ‘This was due to a fault identified on the line, late in the evening, related to the extreme temperatures causing problems across the network, which were outside of our control. ‘We made all efforts to support guests impacted, including providing overnight accommodation on board and options for travel on alternative rail services the next day. All guests will receive a full refund.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.