It looks like Jacques O’Neill might have finally accepted that it’s over with Paige Thorne, with Love Island fans spotting that the star has deleted all traces of his former partner on Instagram. Prior to his exit from the ITV2 show, rugby player Jacques struck up a strong bond with paramedic Paige, telling her that he would wait for her on the outside after his departure. In the days since, Paige has become ever-closer with returning bombshell Adam Collard, with the pair coupling up and discussing how they’re going to make their relationship work when they return to the real world. Despite Paige and Adam’s strengthening relationship, Jacques has kept pictures of Paige up on Instagram… until now. It appears he’s come to a realisation that his former connection may be a thing of the past, with photos of Paige now scrapped from his account, despite one of them together previously being pinned to the top of his profile. Before Jacques left the villa, he implied to Paige that he wanted to confess his love to her, saying that while he ‘didn’t want to say it’: ‘I do,’ as she pressed him to explain what he meant. Several fans who spotted Jacques quietly removing the pictures of Paige from his Instagram tweeted: ‘Jacques has unpinned his picture with Paige and cleared her from his profile. Safe to say he’s not going to pick her from the airport.’ ‘Jacques deleted all his pictures with Paige so I assume she’s getting a taxi home,’ another remarked, while someone else speculated: ‘I do think Jacques deleting all the pictures of him and Paige off his Instagram is because he needs to do what is best for him, but I do believe that he has not completely deleted the pictures he has probably just archived all of the pictures.’ Once Jacques returned home, he released a statement on Instagram opening up about the ‘rollercoaster of emotions’ he experienced throughout his time on the series. ‘Since leaving the villa I’ve had time to reflect on my time being in there and if I’m going to be completely honest I wasn’t mentally prepared for how it was going to be at all – underestimated it massively!’ he wrote. ‘The first 2 weeks of my experience was probably the happiest I’ve been in a very long time. On the other hand the last 2 weeks was definitely the worst I’ve ever felt in my life. I was finding myself feeling worse and worse every day and if I didn’t leave when I did I was scared I would never have got back to my normal self!’ Love Island producer Mike Spencer confirmed that Jacques decided to quit on his own accord, saying: ‘Jacques was on his own journey and he had a strong connection with Paige but sometimes you have to think about yourself and that’s what Jacques did.’ Mike told Deadline that those in charge of the show ‘respected his decision to head home’ and have updated their ‘duty of care procedures’. ‘I think Jacques felt like his time was up and as producers we have to respect his decision,’ he said. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Luca Bish’s family defend him after fuming at Gemma Owen over challenge: ‘Don’t feel he’s done anything wrong’ MORE : Mark Wright baffled after Love Island’s Luca Bish brutally slams his looks: ‘What did I do?’ 