Camper van owners parking on a beautiful sea-front road for months on end are ruining the view for people who pay to live there, locals say. Residents of Boscawen Road and Cliff Road in Falmouth, Cornwall, say unwanted visitors are using the bushes as toilets, which is ‘obvious by the smell’. Meanwhile parents walking past with their children can hear people having ‘loud sex’ inside their vans. There are no parking restrictions on the road, meaning camper van owners have been able to use it a ‘free campsite’. More and more have been appearing in recent weeks as the summer holidays kick off. Locals claim a 52-seater coach believed to be housing a family-of-five has been parked since March. Geoff Fuller, 88, who lives on Boscawen Road with his wife Pam, 86, said the neighbourhood has been turned into ‘an unofficial free camp site with no facilities’. He told The Sun: ‘The nearest toilets are hundreds of yards away on the beaches and it’s obvious, by the smell, that some of the van occupants don’t bother using them. They just go in the bushes or the woods. ‘We know that you can’t buy a view.  But neither should you be able to treat a public road like this.’ One resident compared the area to a ‘pop up festival site’ and said the surrounding woods and bushes ‘stink like a cesspit’. Another added: ‘I was told by one camper that he was living there while his own home was up for rent on Airbnb. That’s like putting two fingers up to us.’ However a more sympathetic Boscawen Road resident said: ‘There are people living in those vans because they can’t afford a home.’ Writing on the comments section of local newspaper the Falmouth Packet, one reader said: ‘If they actually engaged van owners in conversation rather than castigating them, they would find many of them are…responsible folk making the most of what nature offers us all.’ The possibility of introducing overnight parking restrictions to tackle the problem was floated at a Falmouth Town Council meeting on Monday. Cllr Laurie Magowan said extending opening hours of public toilets could also help the area stop smelling of urine. A traffic restriction plan is currently in the works having provisionally been approved before going to public consultation. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 