Macy Gray has claimed she has been ‘grossly misunderstood’ after making ‘transphobic’ comments on Piers Morgan Uncensored. The I Try singer was met with unwavering backlash after she told the TalkTV programme that ‘just because you go change your [body] parts, doesn’t make you a woman, sorry.’ Asked to describe what a woman is, Gray said: ‘I’d say a human being with boobs. You have to start there. And a vagina! That’s getting confusing.’ Morgan brought up the debate of trans people competing in sport, saying that while he ‘supports all trans rights to fairness and equality’ – to which Gray agreed – he doesn’t support trans women ‘thrashing the women at their sport’ when ‘born to obvious physical superior bodies’. Gray responded: ‘I totally agree. And I will say this and everyone’s gonna hate me but as a woman, just because you go change your [body] parts, doesn’t make you a woman, sorry.’ ‘Right. You feel that?’ Morgan asked as the singer continued: ‘I know that for a fact. ‘Like if you want me to call you a her, I will, ‘cause that’s what you want, but that doesn’t make you a woman just ‘cause I call you a her and just because you got a surgery.’ The artist emphasised that in her view, ‘women go through completely unique experiences and surgery or finding yourself doesn’t change that’. When Morgan brought up the subject of JK Rowling being labelled transphobic, he acknowledged that Gray might receive the same description for her comments. ‘But it’s the truth,’ she replied. ‘And I don’t think you should be called transphobic just because you don’t agree with, you know… there’s a lot of judgement and throwing stones at people for just saying what it is.’ Gray was met with a barrage of criticism, including from Mighty Hoopla festival, which hosted the artist last month. However, she has since taken to social media to clarify her comments. ‘i got nothing but love for  lgbt+ and transgender communities,’ she penned. ‘i’ve been a supporter since day one and never a fake one. ‘my statement on piers morgan was GROSSLY misunderstood.  i respect everyone’s right to be whoever they wana be.’ (sic) Grays remarks were made on the same day that Hocus Pocus star Bette Midler faced backlash over her view on the use of the word ‘women’. The actress claimed that women ‘are being stripped of our rights over our bodies, our lives and even our name’. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 