How you approach the breakfast buffet at a hotel says a lot more about you than you think. It’s been claimed that there are five different personalities associated with behaviour around that first meal of the day while on holiday. Nearly half (45%) of those polled said they are the investigating type who like to circle the buffet multiple times before making their informed choice. Smugglers make up 30% with their MO being sneaking a snack away for later – with fruit and pastries being the top transportable items to take for the road. One in five are Stackers, who like to balance everything on one plate to save them having to go up for seconds. Stackers are not to be confused with Builders, who make up 22% and are newer to the breakfast buffet world. They like to take extra time to construct their perfect plate. Nesters, who make up 19% of respondents, think of others as well as themselves and will bring back a selection of eats for the whole table to tuck in to. Hampton by Hilton teamed up with Scarlett Moffatt to deliver these findings. She said: ‘The breakfast buffet is without a doubt one of the best bits of a trip away for me. ‘I’m a little bit of a “Smuggler” and am known to sneak a croissant away with me to enjoy in the room with a cuppa later in the day. ‘That said, I’m also guilty of being a “Stacker” too, piling up delicious smoky bacon and hot waffles is literally my idea of heaven. ‘I think we can all agree that a good night’s sleep followed by a hot brekkie sets us up for the day. Now pass me the pancakes.’ The survey also found that the average time considered to be ideal for a breakfast buffet was just 38 minutes. That’s impressively speedy given the average adult will fill two plates in one sitting, but 46% think going up multiple times is the whole point of a buffet. That being said, 22% prefer to take it slower, spending up to an hour enjoying the buffet offerings. Unfortunately, 23% worry about being judged by fellow guests for always going back for more – let’s not buffet shame, people. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Gran left with swollen face after falling over in toilets during £35 bottomless brunch MORE : ‘Should I skip breakfast?’ Debunking myths about the metabolism from superfoods to sleeping right MORE : Bottomless brunch led to bottoms up for woman who got stuck down back of seat