Rory McIlroy said his main feeling was one of ‘disappointment’ after he failed to win The Open at St Andrews despite leading going into the final round. Northern Ireland’s McIlroy and Norway’s Viktor Hovland took a four-shot lead into the last round of the 150th Open. McIlroy closed with a bogey-free two-under 70 but that was only enough to finish third as Australia’s Cameron Smith dazzled to claim his first major championship. Smith shot a stunning eight-under-par 64 to finish on 20 under, one shot clear of runner-up Cameron Young and two clear of four-time major winner McIlroy. McIlroy was bidding to win his fifth major and first in eight years but fell narrowly short, admitting his putter ‘went cold’ when it mattered most. Asked how it feels to finish third having held the overnight lead, McIlroy told NBC: ‘Yeah, just disappointment I guess. ‘I had a great opportunity today to add to that major tally and I didn’t quite get it done. I didn’t feel like I did many things wrong, but the putter went cold on me throughout the round. ‘I did what I wanted to do. I played a really controlled round of golf. I didn’t take advantage of the holes I had been taking advantage of this week. ‘Both Camerons, but especially Smith, went on a run on the back nine, I had to dig deep to make some birdies and I just couldn’t. ‘I got beaten by the better player this week. To shoot 64 to win an Open Championship at St Andrews is one hell of a showing, so hats off to Cam, he’s had an unbelievable week.’ Speaking to Sky Sports, McIlroy added: ‘I sort of expected someone to come from the pack and the two Camerons played really well today and made life difficult for me. ‘I played a controlled round of golf but when I needed to make birdies at the start of the back nine, I just couldn’t. ‘I tried my hardest obviously but Cam Smith played an unbelievable first two days, got his bad one out of the way yesterday and followed it up with a great round today. ‘I came up a couple short of what I needed. I thought I needed to get to -20 and I didn’t quite get there, so disappointed that I didn’t do that but I gave another good account of myself. ‘I’ve just got to keep plugging away and keep moving forward.’ While this was the latest in a string of disappointments in majors for McIlroy, he has still enjoyed a brilliant season, finishing second at the Masters and in the top-ten of the PGA Championship and US Open. Smith, meanwhile, said his win at the Home of Golf was a dream come true as he became the first Australian to lift the Claret Jug since Greg Norman. ‘To have the 150th Open at St Andrews and to walk away with the win is something I’ve dreamt of,’ the 28-year-old said. ‘It’s unreal to look at the names on this trophy and then see mine. I am definitely going to find out how many beers can fit in this jug, for sure.’ MORE : LIV golf rebel Ian Poulter reacts to being booed at The Open MORE : Golfer Rory McIlroy compares himself to two massive tennis legends For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 