Boris Johnson will stay on as an MP after he finally leaves Downing Street, a close ally has revealed. The prime minister said today he will hand the keys of Number 10 to a new Tory leader following a brutal rebellion against him. In a defiant and at times spiky statement, Mr Johnson didn’t confirm whether or not he intended to remain in Westminster. Now his PPS James Duddridge has confirmed he intends to carry on representing Uxbridge and South Ruislip when he leaves office. He wrote on Twitter that it was ‘good to hear the boss will carry on as an MP’. It’s unclear if he would simply serve until the next election before stepping down or continue indefinitely under a new prime minister. His predecessor Theresa May chose to continue and fight an election under Boris Johnson, while David Cameron resigned his seat a few months after being replaced in Number 10. Gordon Brown continued for the entirety of the 2010-2015 parliament while Tony Blair chose an early exit, triggering a by-election just a few weeks after being ousted. The announcement will likely fuel speculation among his critics that the outgoing leader still has half an eye on a political comeback in the future. Former PM John Major is leading calls for him to leave office immediately rather than stay on as a caretaker. He has called for a truncated leadership contest to replace him quickly or for deputy prime minister Dominic Raab to take over during the interim after a turbulent week which cast the party into turmoil. Labour says it will call for a vote of no confidence in the House of Commons in a bid to Mr Johnson out of Number 10 more quickly. The timing of his departure as things stands is dependant on the leadership election timetable set out by the 1922 Committee next week. A lengthy contest raises the prospect of Mr Johnson remaining in office well into the autumn despite seeing his authority utterly shattered over an extraordinary few days. MORE : From rebel, to king, to failure: The rise and fall of Boris Johnson Should Mr Johnson choose to fight his seat at the next election, he may find himself cast into another desperate political fight. Opinion polling during a low point in his premiership showed he was on course to lose to Labour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.