Oh, we really do love a life hack. And if upgrading our routines requires little more effort than the clicking the ‘add to basket’ button, we’re even more keen. That means we’re big fans of TikTokker cherishandfavour’s ‘dopest Amazon buys’ series. The videos do pretty much exactly what they say on the tin: sharing the best products you can buy on Amazon. And they’re weirdly hypnotising – who knew we so desperately needed a special tool for hanging up our socks, or that a product exists to keep your half an avocado fresh? Here are a couple of the best buys cherishandfavour has highlighted so far – and how to buy ’em. Okay, so you know when you only need half a lemon, or half an avocado, and then you try to wrangle some cling film to keep the leftover bit from going all brown and squishy? This little tool will save you from the faff. Simply pop it over the exposed side of your fruit (it adjusts to fit wedges and slices, too) and lock in with the strap. Easy. Buy for £5.99 from Amazon We’ve been Aquis fans for a while – they make these handy lightweight wraps that allow you to chuck your hair out of your face and button it in place as it dries. The fabric is super effective at soaking up moisture, which means you can dramatically cut your drying time. We like to wash our hair, throw on the towel, and keep it on while we do our makeup and have breakfast – then, when you bring out the hairdryer, it takes a matter of minutes to style. Buy it for £27.59 from Amazon Chuck these in shoes, in cupboards, in storage boxes – wherever you want to soak up bad smells and get your space feeling fresh again. Buy for £10.99 from Amazon We all dream of being those super organised types that packs away their winter clothes in the summer and vice versa. You know, the type whose cupboard is perfectly organised, who knows how to do a Marie Kondo approved fold. These storage bags will help you get there. Whatever clutter you have, stick it in one of the grey fabric bins and feel smug at how organised you are. Job done. Buy for £11.89 from Amazon You’re wearing glasses, and you need to take them off for a second… but your shirt doesn’t have pockets. Do you continue to hold them awkwardly in your hands? Rest them on a table, only to immediately forget they’re there? Nope, just grab one of these. Buy for £8.77 from Amazon A great gift for book-lovers (AKA yourself). Buy for £9.98 from Amazon Say goodbye to lost socks (it’s always just one sock in the pair that goes missing, right?) with this handy tool that keeps your socks together in the wash. You can use it for drying, too. Buy for £7.78 from Amazon This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Meet Maude, the Dakota Johnson backed sex toy brand that’s now in the UK MORE : The best Amazon buys to help you through the heatwave MORE : Woman shares binder cash stuffing budget hack that could help stop you overspending