Manchester United have begun the process of sounding out potential replacements for Cristiano Ronaldo. The 37-year-old informed the club earlier this week of his desire to quit, less than 12 months after his emotional Old Trafford homecoming. United publicly are still insisting that last season’s 24-goal top scorer is not for sale, but reports claim they would be willing to accept an offer in the region of £13million. Chelsea are said to be weighing up an offer and although United would prefer not to sell to a domestic rival, Ronaldo’s options appear to be limited given Spanish giants Real Madrid and Barcelona appear uninterested, as are PSG, while Bayern Munich have ruled themselves out of the running. Erik ten Hag is said to have reacted by making a personal plea to Brian Brobbey and asked him to sign for United and abandon his plan to join Ajax permanently having been loaned out by RB Leipzig last season. According to The Athletic, however, the Dutch forward is not the only attacking player United have made contact with these in response to Ronaldo’s shock and ill-timed decision. United have jetted out to the Far East with Ten Hag set to turn to either Anthony Martial and Marcus Rashford, at least in the short-term, to solve his striker crisis. Ronaldo is unlikely to take any part in the tour having been given an indefinite break for ‘family reasons.’ Despite a huge setback at the start of his tenure, Ten Hag insists he has enjoyed the first week of his reign and is confident he can transform the fortunes of a club which has lurched from one crisis to another in recent years. He said: ‘Of course, I want to bring the energy in my team, but I must say, the players do really well. They are really focused. ‘They bring, for themselves, the energy. You see they enjoy playing football. They enjoy playing football together and they really work well together.’ MORE : Erik ten Hag should make Marcus Rashford his ‘go-to guy’ at Manchester United, says Dwight Yorke MORE : Erik ten Hag opens up on his plans for Manchester United pre-season tour For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 