This is the nerve-shredding moment a driver flipped his car after smashing into a parked vehicle. In a potentially killer crash captured on CCTV, stunned homeowner Rishi Rao was looking out his front window when the driver rammed into his parked VW Golf – later declared a write-off – before his own motor was sent into a spin. The brown Skoda Octavia was flipped onto its side with the motorist left uninjured, but trapped inside as rescue workers toiled for an hour to get him free. Recruitment director and app developer Rishi, 42, said: ‘I had just got out of the shower and was next to the window. I pretty much saw it as the car rolled over from my room. ‘I had that car for 15 years and it was part of my identity. It seemed very unreal. Everything happened so quickly. ‘And then seeing the other car being overturned and a lot of people outside the house. It took a hell of a lot of time to get everything cleared.’ The video seen here was taken by Rishi’s next door neighbour, who captured the rogue driver in Wembley, west London, at the wheel of their eight-year-old diesel saloon. Footage also shows the Skoda motorist hitting Rishi’s 2005 black VW Golf just above its front left wheel, scraping its side before it slammed back down to earth. Rishi’s car was left ploughed onto the footpath with a broken axle, and because the repairs cost more than his car it was written off. Fire brigade, police and an ambulance crew raced to the scene, with the driver rescued from the wreck through the passenger rear window. Firefighters arrived first amid fears of a potentially deadly petrol leak. Rishi handed water to the stricken driver, who was unhurt aside from a wrist injury. The cordon set up outside his house – on a key road used as a cut-through from the A40 to the A406 – lasted four hours and triggering huge traffic jams until it was reopened at 9pm. A spokesperson for the London Ambulance Service said: ‘Firefighters were called to a road traffic collision on Woodstock Road in Wembley. ‘A car overturned after it was in collision with a parked car. One man was trapped in the vehicle and was released by firefighters. ‘He was treated on scene by London Ambulance Service crews. Firefighters made the scene safe. ‘The Brigade was called at 5.12pm and the incident was over for firefighters by 5.37pm. ‘Two fire engines from Park Royal and Acton fire stations and a fire rescue unit from Wembley Fire Station were at the scene.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.