Happy Saturday to everyone except those who went to Glastonbury – it looked rubbish anyway. While you’re all sure to have loads of Pride plans to get to, you’ve got the news to get through first. Never one to shy away from fulfilling its role of supplying existentialism and dread, the old news cycle showed up with some potential war crimes, travel carnage and a bit of nasty ablism. But this week has given us some cheerer-uppers as well, even if one of them (*cough* Glastonbury) caused an epidemic of FOMO and envy. While Metro.co.uk sincerely hopes anyone who went to Glastonbury is still suffering the worst hangover of their lives, we also hope Monday’s will compare. Have a wonderful Pride weekend! But before you get to that fun, here’s our breakdown of the biggest stories of the week. Russia launched a missile strike on a shopping centre in the city of Kremenchuk with more than 1,000 civilians inside it. Moscow’s defence ministry claimed the mall was ‘non-functioning’ and that it had only burnt down because the bombing of a nearby ammunition depot had sparked a secondary fire which spread outwards. But several videoclips filmed before the blast, including verified footage, show shoppers walking around and businesses open as usual. Putin’s deputy ambassador to the United Nations also claimed the entire tragedy was ‘false’ or ‘staged’. CCTV footage appears to show one missile striking the shopping centre while another hits a factory on another site. Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy said: ‘Russia continues to take out its impotence on ordinary civilians. It is useless to hope for decency and humanity on its part.’ The attack happened while G7 nations were meeting in Germany for a summit, pledging to phase out Russian oil in a ‘timely and orderly fashion, and in ways that provide time for the world to secure alternative supplies’. At the time, Boris Johnson and his colleagues mocked a photo of Putin riding a horse shirtless. Canada’s Justin Trudeau said: ‘We’re going to get the bare-chested horseback riding display.’ Mr Johnson told him: ‘There you go! We’ve got to show them our pecs.’ TL;DR: That’s it, all Putin needed was a good old tease to come to his senses. Jeffrey Epstein’s girlfriend will spend two decades behind bars for trafficking young girls to the convicted paedophile. The 60-year-old was handed her sentence on Tuesday, when she insisted she was also a victim of Epstein’s abuse. She also said she hopes her ‘harsh conviction’ will bring the victims ‘pleasure’. ‘To those of you who spoke here today and those of you who did not, may this day help you travel from darkness into the light,’ she added. US District Judge recommended she be jailed in the low-security Alison Nathan Federal Correctional Institution in Danbury, Connecticut, near New York. Maxwell’s legal team asked Judge Nathan to send her to Danbury – a correctional facility known for its comparative comforts. It has previously housed other well-known inmates, including singer Lauryn Hill, and where Piper Kerman, author of Orange is the New Black served time. Danbury houses 1,000 inmates in separate male and female prisons, and offers a variety of hobby or fitness programs for inmates Maxwell is currently being held at the Metropolitan Detention Center – where she says she’s been subject to excessive cavity searches, mistreatment from prison guards and a jail cell brimming with rats. TL;DR: Goodbye and good riddance. There is still no end in sight to the absolute mania that is travelling anywhere to or from a UK airport at the moment. The industry fired too many staff members during the Covid pandemic and now airports and airlines cannot keep up with the surge in demand. Most recently, a Tui flight was cancelled more than two hours after passengers had already boarded the plane. The flight from Cardiff to Dalaman, in Turkey, was originally due to take off at around 6pm on Monday, but travellers say the gates did not open until 8.45pm. After waiting 45 minutes on the runway, they were allegedly told by staff that takeoff had to be pushed back while staff dealt with a drunk passenger. One woman said they were told to fasten their seatbelts at 10pm and the plane only started moving at around midnight. But the plane ended up turning around on the runway and passengers were told the flight was cancelled. One tourist took things into his own hands and pretended to be a wheelchair user to skip two-hour airport queues in Turkey. Wolf Jenkins, 28, filmed himself limping around without his sock and shoe while airport staff doted on his supposedly ‘sprained’ ankle. ‘Faked hurting my leg to get through security faster and onto the plane back from Ibiza,’ he wrote. ‘Amazing what taking one sock off can achieve.’ Needless to say, many who watched Wolf’s prank on social media were appalled, adding he should be ashamed by himself. One woman said: ‘Be careful because what goes around comes back around. Coming from a wheelchair user.’ TL;DR: A holiday has never looked more stressful. Glastonbury Some 200,000 people went to Glastonbury this year, with an incredible line-up including Sir Paul McCartney, the Sugarbabes and Diana Ross. Sunday saw the last day off with Kendrick Lamar bringing the epic event to a close. The rapper was one of several artists who used the platform to condemn the US Supreme Court for overturning Roe v Wade and ending any constitutional right to abortion. Lorde shouted ‘f**k the Supreme Court’ during her performance on Sunday and Billie Eilish said it was a ‘really, really dark day for women in the US’ as she performed on the day news broke. Olivia Rodrigo and Lily Allen also dedicated the iconic song ’f**k you’ to the Supreme Court on Saturday. An organiser called this year’s festival ‘the best one yet’. The BBC has revealed that its coverage of Glastonbury 2022 across its digital platforms reached a record 34.1m times on BBC iPlayer and played 2.3m times on BBC Sounds. Meanwhile, on BBC iPlayer a huge 23m streams were live – the highest on record for a BBC programme brand. The clean-up operation on the site began, in an effort to return it from a pop-up city to a Somerset dairy farm. TL;DR: No YOU’RE jealous. Pride IT’S PRIDE WEEKEND! London is in for a colourful weekend of celebrations as more than 1.5 million people are expected to march today. Okay, it’s not exactly the heatwave people were hoping for, but it’s not cold or wet and that’s a win in this country. You can join the parade at Hyde Park Corner at 12pm. Crowds will be following the same route that was marched in the UK’s first-ever Pride in 1972. It’s expected to get very busy by the time the parade reaches Piccadilly before everyone changes direction and moves south to The Mall. The march will end at Whitehall at about 6pm. It’s expected to get very busy by the time the parade reaches Piccadilly before everyone changes direction and moves south to The Mall. The march will end at Whitehall at about 6pm. TL;DR: Happy Pride! Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 