A critical incident has been declared at the Port of Dover with bosses claiming they have been ‘let down’ by border controls. Huge queues of up to four hours have halted journey plans this morning. UK travellers face passport checks when traveling to mainland Europe as a result of leaving the EU in 2020. At Dover, the checks are performed on the English side of the channel by French staff. Port of Dover bosses said this morning: ‘We are deeply frustrated that the resource at the French border overnight and early this morning has been woefully inadequate to meet our predicted demand and even more deeply regret the consequences that will now be felt by so many.’ Due to the ‘new world of post-Brexit and Covid checks’ port authorities said they had taken extra measures to prepare for the start of the school holidays. Turkish lorry driver Muhammet Turker had been queuing in his HGV in Dover since 6pm on Thursday, and was still waiting to cross the Channel this morning. Other lorries have kept cutting in front of him in the queue. Muhammet said: ‘I’ve been in something like this before, but this is the worst.’ He added that this chaos was ‘worse than P&O,’ when workers for the ferry company protested against mass lay-offs earlier this year, causing gridlock in Dover. Meanwhile, a German family was forced to wait for four-and-a-half hours in their campervan to try and get on a ferry back to Europe from Dover. The Harberecht family had travelled from north Norfolk after a 10-day holiday around the UK and were still some way from the port after hours of waiting. The family missed their ferry, which was due to leave at midday. Steffan, 41, added that they would still come to the UK again on holiday, but joked: ‘Maybe next time by bicycle or something like that.’ Drivers have also taken to social media to vent their frustration at standstill traffic and lengthy tailbacks. One driver tweeted: ‘A20 complete standstill. 3 hours now and still at St James shopping area. Utterly atrocious.’ Others have added ‘Brexit is the gift that keeps giving.’ Ferry companies are currently scrambling to reschedule passengers on later services due to the delay. One customer wrote: ‘I’m booked onto 8am ferry from Dover and it’s total gridlock. Moved 50 metres per hour. ‘At this rate it’ll be 34 hours before I get to the port! I have a screaming toddler and 3 month old.’ The Port of Dover statement added: ‘We know that resource is finite, but the popularity of Dover is not a surprise. ‘We will continue to work with all Kent partners to look after those caught up in the current situation, which could and should have been avoided, and play our part in resolving it as soon as possible.’ Millions of people in Britain trying to start holidays this weekend — the start of the summer holidays for most schools — face the threat of disruption by road, sea, rail and air. Travel experts have spoken of the impact of extra passport checks following Brexit. Simon Calder, The Independent’s travel correspondent, told Sky News: ‘Since Brexit, everybody has to have their passport, not just looked at, but properly stamped. ‘That’s something that we insisted on when we left the EU. That takes far longer than the previous checks when people typically just waved their passport at the guards and they were waved through.’ He added: ‘The start of the great getaway has been ruined.’ Natalie Elphicke, Conservative MP for Dover & Deal, took to Twitter this morning to vent her own frustrations. She has been working to ease disruption for local residents who are caught up in the traffic alongside those trying to reach the Port of Dover. She wrote: ‘This is not the start to a Summer break that anyone would have wanted to see with families and lorries stuck for hours in traffic trying to get on a ferry at Dover. ‘I am doing everything I can to see the situation is improved. More needs to be done to Keep Dover Clear.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 