Andrew Le Page had the support of Love Island viewers after he stood up for himself and confronted the boys over comments they made about his girlfriend Tasha Ghouri. It all kicked off during Monday night’s episode as the islanders got stuck into a game of Suck and Blow, with each of them having to pass a card around the circle using just their mouths. Whoever dropped the card had to complete a dare. After picking Tasha as the islander riding on the back of her partner’s coat tails and using Andrew to get further in the contest, Luca debriefed the others and suggested that Andrew would say he agreed with them. Of course, drama was bubbling nearby as Andrew heard everything and didn’t hesitate to charge over and confront the boys. ‘Yeah, you do know I can hear everything, right?’ he fumed. Luca responded: ‘Why are you getting mad?’ After Luca slinked away to chat to Dami Hope about Andrew being annoyed, the boys all hashed it out with each other. Andrew explained: ‘We’re literally meant to be mates in here and apparently you preach everything you’ve ever said you say it to my face. You’ve then gone, “if Tasha was upset, you’d have said she’s the fakest in here”.’ Dami – who selected Tasha as the biggest game player during the game – shot back: ‘I didn’t say she’s the fakest in here, my question was: who do you think is the biggest game player.’ However, Andrew wasn’t having it and replied: ‘You’re meant to be one of my best mates, you clearly talk s**t behind my back about it.’ Luca also defended himself, saying: ‘It don’t take Elon Musk to work out why I got to that answer.’ Andrew eventually backed off and seemed less keen to discuss it in the end, or, whatever. The next day, it was clear there was still tension between the boys as Billy Brown remarked about Andrew: ‘He’s still in a mood this morning.’ Dami then said: ‘You can’t blame us for our conclusion, it’s always going to be that way.’ Praising Andrew for standing up for himself, one viewer commented: ‘I like that andrew stopped caring about the validation from the boys but he should’ve done that a lot sooner.’ Another said: ‘Luca and Dami need to give it a rest. Fair enough they don’t like Tasha but they need to respect their relationship if they care about Andrew.’ ‘Luca and Dami need to leave Andrew alone. He ltrlly is happy where he’s at. He knows what they know and he made his choice. shut up,’ another weighed in. Andrew and Tasha have proved to be a polarising couple for islanders and viewers alike, with many unimpressed with their constant back and forth, Casa Amor drama and constant tears. However, their relationship appears to be pretty stable at the moment after Tasha asked Andrew to be her boyfriend. Love Island airs nightly at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish gets back in Gemma Owen’s good books with bikini compliment after ‘exploding’ over ‘flirting’ MORE : Bruce Willis makes emotional return to iconic Die Hard set 34 years later following aphasia diagnosis 