Janet Street-Porter has enraged Loose Women fans over remarks which have been branded as ‘fat-shaming.’ On Wednesday’s episode of the daytime talk show, the 75-year-old was discussing with fellow panellists, Denise Welch, Coleen Nolan and Christine Lampard, whether food should be labelled with cigarette-style picture warnings. Scientists from Cambridge University have released research which suggests labels that detail the risk of illnesses, such as heart disease, will put people off junk food. While Coleen, 57, said that she disagreed a change in packaging would successfully encourage people to munch on fruit and veg, the former Daily Mail journalist spoke about the need to fight against the obesity epidemic. Janet said recent pictures of revellers enjoying the heatwave ‘would’ve been different’ compared to images from a few months’ ago, implying the nation’s waistline had grown. ‘Young women think that being larger is acceptable,’ she said live on air, before adding that they were ‘glorifying something that could be shortening their lives.’ Her comments were met with fury by ITV watchers on Twitter, with many calling the words ‘fat-shaming.’ One user said: ‘Janet Street Porter who yesterday was literally laughing about having an affair is now fat shaming people. One of the worst people on TV. #loosewomen.’ Meanwhile, another wrote: ‘It wasn’t long ago #loosewomen were saying whatever type of body is acceptable & to be body confident.  Today, that’s a different story. Which is it?’ Commenters even went on to call the conversation ‘shaming’, adding: ‘It’s called fat-shaming because it is shaming & these women just demonstrated why it is now called out, as it should be. #loosewomen.’ Earlier this week, Janet hit out at the UK government on Loose Women for ‘not taking the heatwave seriously.’ Janet began: ‘The inner-city, at the moment, is not bearable and the houses we live in are not constructed for this heat. She went on to share how it ‘annoys’ her that politicians ‘don’t seem to be taking it seriously.’ Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 