Amber Gill, a former winner of Love Island, has opened up to her followers on Twitter about ‘switching teams’ while lambasting the male contestants on this year’s series. Over the past few days, fans have been watching the scenes unfolding in the main villa in utter disbelief, shock and disappointment after the girls headed over to Casa Amor to spend time with a new batch of boys. In their absence, several of the original boys – who were thought to be in committed couples – have proven their loyalties aren’t as strong as previously believed, including Dami Hope, Andrew Le Page and Davide Sanclimenti… sparking an outpouring of outrage. Amber, who won the series in 2019 with Greg O’Shea, was tweeting along with the episode, declaring to her followers that ‘switching teams was the best decision I made in my life’. As fans excitedly speculated over the meaning of her tweet – as it implied that she was dating women – she also wrote: ‘Watching men makes me feel ill I couldn’t put myself through it again,’ which may have been in reference to the idea of competing on the ITV show again. One fan responded to Amber’s tweet about switching teams by sharing that they and their girlfriend predicted that the 24-year-old will end up ‘settling down with a woman’. After Amber described the comment as ‘cute’ while asking for an explanation, the Twitter user responded: ‘Because you seem to be very disenchanted by men these days and we feel like a woman (the right woman) is more likely to appreciate you for all your complexities and inner fire. And treat you with the level of care/sensitivity that you deserve.’ ‘Now I’m crying,’ the Love Island star replied with a series of sobbing emojis. At one point while watching last night’s Love Island episode, Amber brought up a line said by one of the boys when discussing their plan of action with the new girls, when one of them said: ‘If you kiss a girl I will.’ ‘This is why I switched,’ she stated emphatically. Amber had plenty of wise words to impart on the original girls in Casa Amor, urging Paige Thorne to ‘wipe her eyes and start cracking on’ after her current partner, Jacques O’Neill, said ‘Paige who?’ after her brief departure. She also commented on the fact that several of the boys have claimed their relationships need to be ‘tested’… which is why they’re locking lips with new girls. ‘Why do boys never understand the test. The test isn’t to snog someone else,’ she put. It’s that simple people! Commenting on the double standard of Tasha Ghouri being criticised for speaking to other boys in comparison to Andrew cracking on with Coco Lodge, she wrote: ‘The boys are laughing but when Tasha had one conversation… you were all up in arms? #loveisland men r the worst [sic].’ In January 2021, Amber opened up to Metro.co.uk about how ‘tough’ dating in lockdown had been, explaining that she would prefer to date someone who isn’t famous. ‘I’m always open to it, I’ve never written definitely like this is what I want but I’m just open to it. I never like to close myself off to anything and never say never,’ she said at the time. ‘I might have a boyfriend next year, who knows. It’s got to be the right person. They might not come along in 2021, who knows.’ Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Raunchy races leads to kisses all around and a fiery face-off between Luca and Dami: Love Island episode 29 talking points MORE : Love Island’s Dami Hope accuses Luca Bish of ‘holding Gemma Owen hostage’ in explosive showdown 