Rishi Sunak has promised to bring in tough new rules for schools and mark down any that are ‘rubbish at PE’ if he becomes prime minister. The former chancellor, who has to beat Liz Truss to enter Downing Street, said he would make sure Ofsted inspectors grade schools on their sports lessons, ensuring much-needed exercise is not pushed out of the curriculum. He would also open up schools after hours so communities can make the most of unused sports halls and pitches. Ofsted currently has four assessment criteria – quality of education, behaviour and attitudes of children, personal development and management. Schools are then marked as either outstanding, good, requires improvement or inadequate. Changing the Ofsted grading framework to include sport would ensure schools take the responsibility of teaching PE seriously, Mr Sunak believes. He revealed his plans in a joint letter to the Football Association, the Rugby Football League, British Tennis, England Rugby, and the England and Wales Cricket Board. This was in response to a joint letter from the chief executives of the five sporting bodies, which called for the next prime minister to prioritise physical education. In Mr Sunak’s letter, seen by The Telegraph, he pledged to instruct Ofsted to assess both primary and secondary schools on whether children are ‘developing good physical literacy’ and getting a ‘rich array of sporting opportunities’. A senior source from Mr Sunak’s campaign said: ‘There has been a longstanding concern that sport isn’t measured or assessed by Ofsted, so it is an easy thing for schools to push out of the school day. ‘Particularly on the back of the pandemic, lots of parents are concerned about their children not being physically active.’ The five chief executives also said they would be in favour of giving Ofsted ‘a greater remit on school sport to help drive up standards and accountability’. Mr Sunak is also expected to build upon the success of England at this year’s Women’s Euros and launch a review into female participation in sport, reports The Sun. This will also include showing women’s sports events live on primetime television, like with male sport. He wrote: ‘Sport is an export success story for Britain and a significant driver of economic growth. ‘As Chancellor, I supported major sporting events including funding for the game-changing Euros we are hosting now. ‘We must make the most of these opportunities as we strike out into the world to seize the opportunities of Brexit. ‘If I’m prime minister, I will therefore ask ministers to work with you, with event organisers and with the Department for Trade to support major sporting events and make the most of the fantastic trade and business opportunities around them.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.