A Conservative MP was wearing a ‘black leather mini-skirt’ and ‘high heels’ when he was involved in a late-night car crash, a court has heard. Jamie Wallis, who has represented Bridgend since 2019, is on trial accused of failing to stop, failing to report a road traffic collision, driving without due care and attention and leaving a vehicle in a dangerous position. Wallis denies the charges. The charges relate to a collision on November 28 last year in which the Mercedes he is said to have been driving hit a lamppost and telegraph pole on Church Road in Llanblethian, South Wales. Carina Hughes, prosecuting, said residents Adrian Watson and Natalie Webb were having a gathering when just after 1am they heard a ‘very loud bang, significantly louder than a domestic firework’. Mr Webb said he went outside and saw amber flashing lights and that a Mercedes E-Class saloon had crashed into the lamppost. Mr Watson said he looked inside the car and saw ‘a white male wearing a white long-sleeve top which was tight to the body, a black leather PVC mini-skirt, tights, dark shoes with a high heel and a pearl necklace’. Ms Webb in her statement described the male as wearing ‘black court shoes’. When he asked Wallis if he was okay, Mr Watson said the male said: ‘I’m sorting it. I’m sorting it.’ Mr Watson said he was going to call the police and that Wallis began walking away from the scene. He followed him and witnessed him make two phone calls, and during one he claimed he was being ‘accosted’. He was then picked up by a Land Rover Discovery. Police Sergeant Gareth Handy said that when he attended Wallis’ family home address, which he described as a ‘mansion’ and ‘absolutely colossal’, he forced entry into the property out of concern for the MP. Mr Handy said Wallis was eventually found in one of the rooms of the house and when he got to the room he said: ‘I saw Jamie had make-up on his face.’ When police searched his flat at the property, they found a ‘blonde wig’ on a table, the court heard. Pc Louis Hall found Wallis in a bedroom within the house asleep and said: ‘He appeared to be wearing make-up. His eyelids were dark, his lips were red and his cheeks were bronzed, and he had red nail polish on his toes.’ Wallis was found naked in bed and was given a modesty blanket until clothing could be found. The black leather skirt and pearl necklace were found next to the bed and were seized by police. He was arrested at 7.21am. In March, Wallis became the first MP in the UK to come out as transgender. The trial is expected to last up to two days.