President Joe Biden has signed an executive order aimed at protecting access to reproductive health services, two weeks after the Supreme Court overturned Roe v Wade and the constitutional right to an abortion. Biden’s order seeks to safeguard access to medication abortion and emergency contraception. It also aims to protect patient privacy and boost legal options for women seeking abortions as well as providers. ‘I’m asking the Justice Department that, much like they did in the Civil Rights era, to do everything in their power to protect these women seeking to invoke their rights,’ Biden said from the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Friday afternoon. Biden formally instructed the Departments of Justice and Health and Human Services to push back on any efforts to stop women from using federally approved abortion medication and to travel to other states for abortion services. There is no presidential action that can restore the constitutional right to abortion, and Biden has acknowledged that he has limited power to expand abortion access. He called on women and Americans to elect more Congress members in the November midterm elections who will back federal legislation to protect abortion access. ‘It is my hope that women will turn out to reclaim the rights that have been taken from them by the court,’ said Biden. ‘While I wish it had not come to this, this is the fastest route available, the fastest way to restore Roe is to pass a national law codifying Roe, which I will sign immediately upon its passage at my desk.’ Biden continued: ‘The challenge is to go out and vote. For God’s sake there is an election in November. Vote. Vote. Vote. Vote!’ The president also provided the story of a young girl in Ohio who was raped and had to travel to Indiana to get an abortion ‘A 10-year-old girl should be forced to give birth to a rapist’s child?’ said Biden. ‘Does anyone believe it’s Ohio’s majority view that that should not be able to be dealt with?’ Biden hinted at signing an order last month, when he told Jimmy Kimmel that though he thinks Congress should codify Roe, ‘there’s some executive orders I could employ, we believe – we’re looking at that right now he was considering taking executive action’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.