It all started off so well – so what happened? In the first few weeks of this year’s Love Island, things were looking extremely promising for a series previously thought to have waned on the entertainment front in recent years. There was genuine romance, heartwarming connections and brilliant characters who bounced off each other. What more could we want? Take Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack for instance. After admitting their attraction for one another, they went on to share one of the most romantic dates in the reality show’s history, admitting it felt as though their blossoming relationship was too good to be true. The Damiyah ship was born! But, it turned out Dami and Indiyah’s prediction about everything seeming too perfect was about to prove true… not just for them, but for pretty much the entire cohort of contestants. Cue the gaslighting, bullying and manipulation aplenty. The concerning behaviour has reached a high point in recent days, resulting in Women’s Aid releasing a fresh statement confirming the charity is in talks with Love Island after noticing that ‘specific information on abusive relationships and an understanding of controlling behaviour in relationships’ was ‘missing’ from ITV’s inclusion training. ‘At Women’s Aid we are being tagged into a stream of Twitter posts, with viewers of Love Island highlighting the misogyny and controlling behaviour being shown on screen,’ the organisation told Metro.co.uk. ITV stressed in response how ‘seriously’ the broadcaster treats ‘the emotional wellbeing’ of the islanders, stating: ‘Ahead of this series, contributors on the show were offered video training and guidance covering inclusive language around disability, sexuality, race and ethnicity, behaviours and microaggressions.’ Casa Amor proved a massive turning point for the season, with the boys taking the girls’ absence as the ideal opportunity to kiss, cuddle and gallivant with the newcomers under the guise that it was all part of a ‘test’… rather than realising that the real test was to see whether they would stay loyal to their former partners. The boys’ blatant disregard for the feelings of their partners and the other girls who they would have counted as their friends was painful to watch, especially as they egged each other on to crack on with the newbies, seemingly forgetting or simply not caring that they were being captured in 4K. To make matters worse, when they were all reunited – Tasha was made to feel awful for exploring a connection with Billy while Andrew ‘licked Coco’s t*ts’ in bed; Dami was left fuming by Indiyah returning with Deji despite coupling up with Summer; and Davide blasted Ekin-Su for what appeared to be a one-time fumble with George in bed, after he kissed both Coco and Mollie in the main villa. *Sighs in double standards*. While the highly-anticipated movie night should have been a day of reckoning for the boys, they attempted to laugh off all of their own misdemeanours while making sly digs at the girls, a prime example of deflection at its finest. Luca exploded over Gemma’s flirty-but-innocent conversations with Billy, despite her well-founded insistence that she did absolutely nothing wrong, while Dami tried to play down his threeway kiss with Summer and Chyna, later dubbing Summer ‘fake’ for claiming he said they had a true connection. Luca’s own family apologised for his overreaction, saying in a statement: ‘I want to apologise on behalf of Luca for his insensitive reaction on last night’s episode. I know that when he watches it back, he will be embarrassed and deeply apologetic.’ A week ago, Jacques O’Neill quit Love Island in emotional scenes, breaking down in tears as he revealed his decision to his partner, Paige Thorne, sharing how he had been struggling to feel like ‘himself’ during the process. Prior to his exit, Jacques sparked concern for the way he spoke to Paige – calling her ‘pathetic’ to her face in one instance – while also giving Cheyanne Kerr false hope that he would couple up with her when Casa Amor ended. Following his departure, he acknowledged why he received ‘hate’ from fans over certain episodes, stating on social media: ‘I’ve got a lot of work to do for myself to become a better person.’ Despite Davide and Ekin-Su being a fan-favourite couple, Davide has frequently levelled brutal insults in Ekin-Su’s direction, calling her the ‘fakest person he’s ever met’ and ‘as fake as Louis Vuitton from China’, with the disparaging remarks being made both to her face and behind her back. The toxic behaviour in the villa hasn’t only remained an issue in romantic relationships, as friendships – or perceived friendships – have also been impacted. Love Island viewers have noticed Luca making frequent jibes about Tasha throughout the series, so much so that during last night’s suck and blow challenge, he revealed he believes that Tasha’s ‘riding on the back of Andrew’s coat tails’ to reach the final. It’s become so difficult to back a favourite couple on the show that Paige and Adam Collard now look like they could be frontrunners – which may come as a surprise to some, considering in 2018, Women’s Aid released a statement calling out Adam’s ‘gaslighting’ of Rosie Williams. Referring to Adam’s previous tumultuous run in the villa, his family recently said in a statement: ‘It’s been 4 years since Adam appeared in the villa and has grown a lot as a person which we can’t wait for you to see throughout his journey.’ So far, Adam has lived up to his family’s word. With this spate of worrying behaviour and language remaining a constant fixture on this year’s Love Island, one thing’s for sure – this series needs a massive shake up. Whether that means islanders being called out directly for their harmful actions, showing they can be accountable in an authentic manner or new contestants coming in to demonstrate what healthy relationships and friendships look like, if something doesn’t change, the rest of the season is going to make for incredibly uncomfortable viewing. Will there ever be a time when Love Island can remain exciting, entertaining and full of drama without toxic relationships seeping through? Let’s hope so. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jacques O’Neill admits he’s ‘missing the boys’ after branding Love Island ‘worst decision of my life’ MORE : Domestic violence charity Refuge ‘increasingly concerned’ by ‘misogynistic and abusive behaviours’ on Love Island 