It’s a rarity that Brad Pitt appears on Instagram – as far as we’re aware, he doesn’t have an account of his own, and he barely appears in snaps with friends. So of course, fans were celebrating when the legendary actor appeared in co-star Joey King’s post at the premiere of their latest film, Bullet Train. The new blockbuster, which stars Pitt, 58, alongside King, 22, Aaron Taylor Johnson, 32, and Brian Tyree Henry, 40, premiered in Paris on Monday ahead of its cinema release next month. In the picture, Pitt can be seen wearing a coral pink shirt while King dons a black leather jacket. Johnson and Henry opted for smarter get-ups of suits and shirts. Pitt recently admitted in an interview that he believes he’s in the final stages of his career and is currently thinking carefully about his next choices. ‘I consider myself on my last leg, this last semester or trimester,’ he said in an interview with GQ. ‘What is this section gonna be? And how do I wanna design that?’ However, in pictures taken from the premiere, Pitt’s eventual retirement appeared to be the further thing from his mind. He was seen waving to fans out of the roof of a car and made some funny faces for the photographers at the event. Bullet Train is an action comedy film helmed by director David Leitch, best known for his work in the Deadpool and Fast & Furious franchises. Meanwhile King, whose full name is Joey Lynn King, is just beginning the next big leg of her career after breaking out from Netflix film series The Kissing Booth. She was also featured in the very first season of FX series Fargo, as police chief Gus Grimley’s daughter, and Independence Day sequel Resurgence. Co-star Aaron Taylor Johnson broke out back in 2008 for his role as Robbie Jennings in Gurinder Chadha’s Angus, Thongs and Perfect Snogging. While Brian Tyree Henry became another breakout star from FX series Atlanta, alongside Lakeith Stanfield and the show’s creator, Donald Glover (aka Childish Gambino). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Brad Pitt’s years-long struggle with face blindness, a condition that nobody believes he has MORE : Brad Pitt says he’s on ‘last leg’ of his incredible career after almost four decades 