A much-loved segment returned to the Love Island villa during the final Unseen Bits episode of this season, as the girls undertook some secret missions, pranking the boys. While Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope were on their romantic date, Ekin-Su Culculoglu received a text, which she announced to the other girls, directing them to their missions. Gemma Owen was tasked with convincing all the boys to help her find her Tiffany’s necklace, while Tasha Ghouri had to tell Adam Collard that she was about ‘to embark on a world tour as Britney Spears’ backup dancer’. Meanwhile, Paige Thorne had to plead Luca Bish to guard the door while she did ‘a girls’ number two.’ Ekin-Su had the most dramatic task of all, of course, and she delivered as we all knew she would. The Turkish soap star had to spill a glass of water over herself, but blame Andrew Le Page for it. And in the process, not only were the other girls in the villa in secret hysterics (as Andrew was beyond baffled), but those watching at home couldn’t contain their laughter. ‘Ekin in her actress era,’ one viewer wrote, while another commented: ‘Ekin working for her Oscar in this mission.’ A third penned: ‘Ekin making it 100x more dramatic than it needed to be oh I love her.’ Unfortunately, Gemma’s acting skills weren’t as great as Ekin-Su’s, as she couldn’t convince the boys to help her find her necklace, with Luca Bish just telling her that she ‘must have taken it off’ when she went for a shower. By the end of the day, the boys seemed to have clocked on, with Davide Sanclimenti saying: ‘They are taking the p**s’. And because of Gemma’s so-called failure, the girls didn’t succeed in their secret tasks, despite leaving viewers with plenty of entertainment along the way. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island: Who is the favourite to win? Latest odds back Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti MORE : Love Island’s Deji Adeniyi reveals what Ekin-Su Culculoglu really said in response to Nathalia Campos’ ‘Ekin-Who?’ comment and it’s comedy gold 