Girls Aloud have opened up about feeling ‘helpless’ during their co-star Sarah Harding’s cancer battle, as they honour the late star with a charity Race For Life. Harding died in September 2021 at the age of 39 after a battle with cancer, with her friends, family, and fans left heartbroken. But she left behind a legacy, which her Girls Aloud co-stars, Cheryl, Nicola Roberts, Nadine Coyle, and Kimberley Walsh, are determined to honour. They’re encouraging people to sign up to the Race For Life for Sarah on July 24 in Hyde Park, which will raise money for Cancer Research UK. Cheryl revealed that, when Harding was sick, ‘I asked her so much to give me something I could do to make her happy or comfortable, anything at all. ‘Towards the end, she asked me to create a gala in her honour to fund a crucial study that her doctor was working on so I am committed to doing just that.’ ‘When Sarah was sick we all felt so helpless,’ Kimberley said. ‘I think she’d be really happy we’re all doing this.’ Nadine added to MailOnline: ‘When we were asked if we’d like to do this we all said yes straight away. I think it’s such a crucial cause and we’d like to do all we can to help.’ The stars explained that Harding was passionate about helping people in the same situation as her, and that it was important for them to come together for the special event. Girls Aloud are also planning more fundraising events, with more details coming soon. The 5k race will take place on Sunday July 24 at Race for Life in Hyde Park, London beginning at 11:30am. Everyone is welcome to take part in the non-competitive event, and participants can run, walk or jog the route. Announcing the news, Cheryl told her followers in an Instagram video: ‘Around this time last year when Sarah was really sick, we were all desperately trying to find ways to help her, to comfort her, to do whatever she wanted, you feel so helpless in times like that. ‘One of the only things she really wanted was a gala dinner. So while that’s underway and we are doing that, we felt like we can be doing more.’ Cheryl, Nadine and Nicola will be taking part at Hyde Park but Kimberley will be taking part at home, with others who can’t be in London still encouraged to get involved at a time and location that is convenient to them. Harding died 13 months after she revealed she was battling breast cancer, which later spread to other parts of her body. She had shared her journey living with the disease in her autobiography Hear Me Out, in which she also detailed her career and personal life. Harding rose to fame in 2002 along with her Girls Aloud bandmates, and also enjoyed a TV career that included stints on shows such as The Jump, Coronation Street and Celebrity Big Brother. MORE : Girls Aloud stars Cheryl, Kimberley Walsh, Nadine Coyle and Nicola Roberts reuniting for Sarah Harding cancer charity race after star’s death aged 39 MORE : Katie Price fumes that Sarah Harding is brought into Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney’s libel case: ‘How dare anyone bring her up’ 