Novak Djokovic admits he is on much better terms with Nick Kyrgios these days, but denied the Australian’s claim the pair have formed an unlikely ‘bromance’. At the height of their rivalry, Kyrgios branded Djokovic a ‘tool’ and refuted the idea the that 20-time grand slam champions deserves to be regarded as the greatest player in the history of the sport. Kyrgios, like many of his peers, took a dim view of Djokovic’s decision to stage his tennis tournaments in Serbia and Croatia at the peak of the Covid pandemic, but represented an unlikely ally at the start of the year when the world No.3 was deported from Australia. After gaining a bye to the Wimbledon final following Rafael Nadal’s decision to withdraw due to injury, Kyrgios claimed his meeting with Djokovic is unlikely to be as fiery as it might have been had it taken place earlier in their careers. ‘We definitely have a bit of a bromance now, which is weird,’ said Kyrgios, ahead of Sunday’s showdown. ‘I think everyone knows there was no love lost for a while there. I think it was healthy for the sport. I think every time we played each other, there was hype around it.’ ‘I felt like I was almost the only kind of player to stand up for him with all that kind of drama at Australian Open.’ Djokovic, meanwhile, stopped short of agreeing that the pair are now close friends, but conceded the support Kyrgios showed him in January, when he was kept in quarantine and eventually booted out of Australia over his anti-vaccination stance, was hugely appreciated. ‘When it was really tough for me in Australia, he was one of the very few players that came out publicly and supported me and stood by me,’ Djokovic said. ‘That’s something I truly appreciate. So I respect him for that a lot. ‘I don’t know if I can call it a bromance yet, but we definitely have a better relationship than what it was probably prior to January this year,’ he said. ‘But when it was really tough for me in Australia, — he was one of the very few players that came out publicly and supported me and stood by me. That’s something I truly appreciate. So I respect him for that a lot.’ MORE : Novak Djokovic predicts Nick Kyrgios ’emotional fireworks’ in Wimbledon final MORE : Novak Djokovic sends message to Nick Kyrgios ahead of Wimbledon final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 