Rishi Sunak cheered and punched the air after finding out he would be facing off against Liz Truss to become the next prime minister. He shared a video on Twitter showing how he shouted ‘Yes!’ after watching the final results read out. Interestingly, he cheered not after finding out he himself would definitely be going through – as he had more votes than Penny Mordaunt, who was first to be read out – but after the number for Liz Truss was revealed in the Tory leadership ballot. It could be out of decorum and wanting to hear the final results before celebrating. But the jubilation might also have been because he wanted to face Ms Truss in the final vote, especially as he had already been comfortably ahead among MPs. Going out to speak to supporters, he told them: ‘Guys, we totally smashed it! Well done!’ He claimed that three to four weeks ago he had been ‘written out’ with people thinking he had no chance. But he said that thanks to the efforts of those in his campaign who ‘worked your socks off’, he was now in the running to be the next PM. ‘My god, we got here in some style,’ he said. Mr Sunak was the favourite with Tory MPs, winning 137 votes in the final round to Ms Truss’s 113. But bookies have Ms Truss as favourite after early indications suggested she has the bigger backing among the crucial electorate that will make the ultimate decision. Mr Sunak acknowledged that there was a challenge ahead to win over the general Tory party membership, but said he had already moved the dial a lot already. This morning, his charm offensive had already started, with lobby journalists being handed little boxes with a Twix, a can of coke and Rishi Sunak branded suncream amid the heatwave as ‘we wouldn’t want anyone going red’. He greeted reporters as he arrived for a hustings with local government politicians today. The former chancellor smiled and said ‘morning’, but declined to answer any questions as he walked into the Local Government Association’s offices in Westminster for a behind-closed-doors session with Conservative councillors. Mr Sunak and rival Ms Truss are holding the first in a series of summer hustings today, a day after making it into the Tory leadership run-off. Arriving before Mr Sunak, Levelling Up Secretary Greg Clark said: ‘We’ve got two very good candidates and I know and expect they’ll be very keen on levelling up’. For the final vote, members are expected to receive postal ballots by August 5 and then have almost a month to make up their minds before the ballot shuts at 5pm on September 2. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.