British forces have deployed a new tactic in the ongoing War of the Sunbeds. Every morning troops swarm the area around swimming pools, fighting desperately for the best spot for the day. Men, women and children scatter at the crack of dawn, laying down their weapon of choice – the humble towel. As they join the struggle for freedom from the shade, the bravest of our Speedo-clad fighters sacrifice their lie-in, waking at 5am for the first stage of battle. Early on, you can see some of our fallen heroes, collapsed on their towels, lying semi-conscious in paranoid belief that someone may take their spot. But combat is not over. What comes next is the most violent stage of the conflict – a ceremony known as The Unlocking of the Beds. This is when war-weary hotel staff, armed with flipflops and keys, unleash the loungers that our sunbed soldiers are there for. One of the latest battles was captured by mum, Rebekah, who described the appalling scenes in Majorca. A witness, too traumatised to be named, said: ‘Ladies and Gentlemen I present to you the British efforts from this year’s annual ‘Sun-bed Showdown’. More tactical, skilled and hated than ANY sports team in the world… ‘In this example sunbeds aren’t unlocked until 9am. Cue the mass gathering of towels from as early as 5am to gain a prime spot round the pool and if you’re really lucky grab a parasol. ‘The more dedicated of the team even stake out on these towels until unlock time. No towel down by 7am no poolside space for your family. ‘Think of it as a British hybrid version of musical chairs meets the Hunger Games. Forget the lie-in and prepare to become immersed in the game!’ The 38-year-old told Metro.co.uk that she wanted to call out the behaviour of her fellow guests during peak season at the Pirates Village. She explained: ‘There are four or five stacks of sunbeds around a circular pool and anywhere from five in the morning people put their towels where they want to put their sunbeds. ‘The sunbeds are unlocked at 9am. There are people who come back at 8am and others who will sit there from even earlier. ‘Once it gets to 8am you will get people standing around the sunbeds waiting for them to be unlocked, so it becomes a mass gathering. It’s like the rush for boats on the Titanic. ‘It’s ridiculous, there are enough to go round but people have got all these tactics to make sure they get a place by the pool.’ The Instagrammer, who is on holiday with her husband and two children, stressed that she had no issue with the resort’s staff, with the blame falling solely on Brits behaving badly. She said: ‘It’s 2022, so why are we living up to this stereotypically British behaviour of fighting over the sunbeds? It’s like a ridiculous game every day. ‘I get up at 6am to go to work and now I’m waking up early to get a place around the pool because you don’t want to let your family down. ‘It’s comical. We spend our lives saving up to go on holiday and then we end up playing this game with our own nationality, with no Germans in sight.’ The holidaymaker, who did not want to be named, has not complained to the hotel but said parents with young children needing shade have pointed out the issue to staff. She spoke to Metro.co.uk from Santa Ponsa as the family prepared to fly home from their two-week holiday on Saturday. The hotel spy said: ‘The staff are amazing and the hotel is perfect other than the sunlounger issue. ‘We stayed here in 2019 and there was similar behaviour with the sunbeds but it wasn’t as extreme as it is now. It seems to be far busier now, I don’t know if it’s because people are having their first holiday after Covid. ‘It just seems British people are determined to fight it out to get a parasol by the pool, despite everything else going on in the world.’ One respondent to the woman’s Instagram post identified an even lower tactic in the perennial sunlounger battles, writing: ‘And you bet some won’t even spend time on the bed, literally reserving it just in case – crazy!’ Metro.co.uk told last week how holidaymakers in Tenerife were queuing impatiently for sun loungers from 6am. A TikTok video showed a rush to bag places with towels after the recliners were laid out and the guests were allowed into the poolside area by staff. The issue of British tourists coveting prime spots at resorts has traditionally been a setting for battles with German holidaymakers and been a thorn in the side of staff at busy resorts in the Canaries and mainland Spain. A moment of revenge came at the Gran Costa Adeje Hotel in Tenerife when workers were spotted picking up yellow towels used to reserve places. A video taken by Amanda Proctor showed one member of staff flinging more than 10 placeholders over his shoulder at one point. Most people viewing the clip sided with the hotel staff and urged more resorts to adopt a similar policy. In an email, The Pirates Village told Metro.co.uk: ‘This is a non-stop battle. We need the pool area clear in order to clean it. ‘So we remove everything in order to clean. Then about 0900h we unlock the sunbeds (and people rush to get them).’ The staff member pointed out that there are fewer sunbeds than guests during the peak season but the hotel was freeing up spots by the pool. He said: ‘We don’t have physical space for 300 sunbeds, so we just don’t have 300 sunbeds. ‘With the hotel fully booked we have 500+ people…But with the unattended sunbeds, we remove the towels so other guests may use them. ‘If some people leave any sunbeds unattended other guests have the right to take them.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.