Well, now we all know what it really means to open the ‘salon.’ This week, Danica Taylor revealed that she and her partner Billy Brown had taken a trip to the ‘salon’ while in bed together, giggling as she struggled to make an innuendo to explain what they got up to. Since the start of the season, the girls have described ‘manicures’ and other beauty treatments to refer to sexual acts they’ve shared with the boys – rather than saving everyone a headache by just talking straight without any hidden meanings. In Saturday’s Unseen Bits, in an extended clip, Danica revealed she had invited Billy to the ‘salon’ and she was both the client and ahem, the technician? When Indiyah Polack probed for more, she asked: ‘Was it the salon?’ Then Danica herself admitted she didn’t know the terms to use but eventually explained that they were both ‘clients’ and received reciprocal ‘manicures’. Davide Sanclimenti got treated to a beauty salon breakdown by Indiyah later in the kitchen, and now we all know exactly what the coded terminology means: Window shopping – ‘Just looking around.’ Manicure – Getting handsy… French tips – Using fingers. Blowdry – A blow.. Yep, that’s it. Full set – sex. Davide said he didn’t like the term beauty salon, while Indiyah insisted the boy’s version of a salon needed to be gender appropriate and should be called ‘a barbershop.’ Love Island fans had blasted the salon terms, calling them ‘confusing’, ‘dumb’ and ‘so cringe’. Maybe just talking about sex as we would normally – as in, without ruining our next actual trip to a beauty salon – is the best way forward? Make of it what you will, but at last, the secret’s out. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ekin-Who? Ekin with 1,000,000 followers! Love Islander becomes first star to hit milestone MORE : Love Island’s Dr Alex George pays tribute to late brother on second anniversary of his death: ‘I wish this was all a nightmare and I’d wake up’ 