Boris Johnson has been told to ‘turn up for work’ after missing a Cobra meeting on the current heatwave crippling parts of the UK and Europe. The outgoing Tory leader has spent his morning at the Farnborough Air Show, in Hampshire. The Duchy of Lancaster, Kit Malthouse, will chair today’s 2.30pm meeting in the prime minister’s absence. Labour called on Mr Johnson to ‘turn up for work’ in response to the news. But Downing Street has defended Mr Johnson’s absence. The spokesman said: ‘Kit Malthouse has made the point that he is taking the lead on the Government’s response to the heatwave, he’s keeping the Prime Minister fully briefed including over the weekend when the Prime Minister also spoke to a number of secretaries of state about the work they are doing. ‘And it is not unusual in Cabinet Government for Cabinet ministers to chair these sorts of things.’ Mr Johnson recently found time to fly in a Typhoon fighter jet during a visit to RAF Consinsgby, where he likened the experience to handing over ‘the controls’ to the next Conservative Party leader. He had described take off as being like a ‘vertical firecracker’ before he took over the joystick to perform various rolls and a loop-the-loop. Asked about Mr Johnson’s Typhoon flight, the Downing Street spokesman today said: ‘The Typhoon’s quick alert reaction role is an integral part of both UK and Nato security and the PM does have a specific role in directing RAF action in worst-case scenarios. ‘So it is important he is aware of some of these capabilities they have.’ Asked if the Tory leader needs first-hand experience to understand this, the spokesman said: ‘It’s important that he has a detailed understanding of the working capabilities of the RAF.’ Mr Johnson has come under mounting pressure over his absence at recent Cobra meetings surrounding soaring temperatures across much of Europe. Unprecedented temperatures in the UK have led to the Met Office issuing its very first red weather warning. Londoners have been urged not to travel today as temperatures potentially reach 40C. Mr Malthouse has previously defended the prime minister’s decision not to attend two previous Cobra meetings on the current heatwave. He told Sky News: ‘It’s my job to chair Cobra meetings. I briefed him yesterday morning at about 8am personally.’ As the broadcaster showed aerial footage of Mr Johnson with guests at a party at Chequers, Mr Malthouse said it was ‘completely unfair’ to suggest that the Prime Minister was ducking important meetings. As the heatwaves only worsens today, Labour have called out the Government’s alleged lack of planning. Keir Starmer was asked whether businesses and schools should be open, after he spoke to young entrepreneurs at a central London bank. He told reporters: ‘Yes, schools should be open and most schools are managing perfectly well. Obviously there’s been changes to uniforms and what people are wearing, children are wearing to school and some of the schools have flexible times when they can go home. ‘We need to work through this but I think most people say we need a Government that’s on our side, that’s got a strategy, that’s planned for events like this. ‘But we’re left again with a Government that’s not done that basic planning and I think that’s going to be very distressing, very disappointing to millions of people across the country’. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.