Eurovision fans are calling for Rylan Clark to host the 2023 contest after it was confirmed that the UK will be hosting the next competition on behalf of Ukraine. Although Ukrainian entry Kalush Orchestra won this year’s edition, with the UK’s Sam Ryder coming runner-up, organisers the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) previously decided the event could not be held in the war-torn country following the Russian invasion. The BBC confirmed the change of plans, branding the circumstance a ‘matter of great regret’ but acknowledging the ‘great privilege.’ Since news broke, fans have been busy speculating which of our beloved UK huns could be lined-up to present the all-important show, and one name that keeps on cropping up is Rylan. ‘Never thought I’d get to see the U.K. host Eurovision! I’m praying it’s somewhere in the north. Please let @Rylan host,’ begged one. Echoing a similar sentiment, another hoped: ‘Rylan had better be hosting Eurovision and I’d better get tickets!’ ‘So we all agree that @Rylan should host #Eurovision yes?’ asked a third. Television personality Rylan was, of course, heavily involved with BBC’s Eurovision coverage this year and, along with Scott Mills, and had been commentating on the semi-finals. He took over from Mel Giedroyc’s role of co-commentator in 2018, and has been living and breathing the competition ever since. Rylan is clearly thrilled by the news that the UK will be home to the next chapter, having tweeted several skull emojis. ‘So bloody excited x,’ he wrote in another tweet. In a separate post, Rylan added: ‘The biggest love to @SamRyderMusic without his unreal talent the UK wouldn’t be hosting the amazing Ukraine next year. Xxx’ Next year’s contest will mark the ninth time Eurovision has taken place in the UK – more than any other country. It’s not yet known where in the country the event will take place, and a presenting line-up is still up in the air. The bidding process to select the host city will begin this week and will be jointly managed by the BBC and EBU. The winner would require a large events space, suitable accommodation and international transport links for the competing countries and their delegations. Sheffield City Council was among the first to announce a bid, saying on Twitter: ‘We’ve told Eurovision we’d love to host… watch this space.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 