A debate is raging over whether a woman deserved to get screamed at for touching a Queen’s Guard’s horse. Viral footage shows the blonde woman trying to get a photo next to the soldier on horseback in Whitehall, central London. Although she was one of many tourists grabbing a snap of the Queen’s Guard’s in all his regalia, she made the error of trying to grab the horse’s reins. The horse can be seen moving away from her hand twice but the woman persisted and managed to get a hold of the harness. It prompted the guard to scream: ‘Stand back from the Queen’s Life Guard, don’t touch the reins.’ The booming shout had the desired effect, startling the woman who jumped back and put her hand to her chest. It has proved a hot topic for discussion online, with some arguing professional soldiers should not be treated like ‘Disney characters’. Leader of the GLA Conservatives, Susan Hall, said: ‘She absolutely deserved it. Guard was completely correct.’ Others commented on how dangerous it is to get too close to a horse in any circumstance, as the animals often get spooked. There are also signs next to the horseboxes on Whitehall warning the public not to get too close. ‘The horses bite as after all, they are animals and can be unpredictable,’ the Ministry of Defence (MoD) said. Others argued the guardsman was ‘out of order and over the top’ for raising his voice. Londoner Michael Ward said: ‘Using horses as a tourist attraction is the real problem here. ‘They’re not really guarding anything though are they, you can walk straight through there. They are ceremonial for tourists that’s why there are armed police there.’ The MoD reminded people about the signs telling tourists not to touch soldiers or horses. A spokesperson said: ‘This area is particularly busy with tourists and on occasions the soldiers undertaking Guard duty need to shout loudly to alert members of the public if they get too close to the horses, which happened in this case.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.