Kate Garraway’s husband Derek Draper is back in hospital after his lengthy battle with Covid-19. The Good Morning Britain presenter, 55, has shared the ups and downs of her husband’s illness, with him thought to be the worst-effected person to have contracted the virus and survived. Derek, also 55, was first hospitalised with Covid in March 2020 and spent over a year in hospital before being discharged in April last year. Covid affected Derek’s ability to communicate, which caused damage to many of his organs. He is now back in hospital, but Kate assures that he is ‘ok.’ Speaking at the Tric Awards in London on Wednesday, she responded a question from The Sun about Derek: ‘He’s ok, he’s back in hospital actually, so that’s a development. There we are.’ Kate and the two children she shares with Derek – Darcey, 16, and Billy, 12 – have been adapting to a new way of life amid Derek’s Covid struggles, documenting his journey in two ITV documentaries – Finding Derek and the follow-up, Caring For Derek. She admitted the couple’s kids have been ‘amazing’ at supporting their dad, saying: ‘They’ve been amazing – all the way through.’ Most recently, they shared that they’ve had to ‘relearn’ their relationship with him since ‘so much has changed.’ The Life Stories host told Good Housekeeping magazine: ‘When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus,’ she said. ‘In many ways, we’re still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed. ‘It’s the same for the children – they’re having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek.’ The former Labour advisor required round-the-clock care upon his return from hospital, with Kate totally transforming their family home to ensure it met his needs. He has only been spotted on a couple of occasions outside the house since. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Khloe Kardashian ‘happy in new relationship’ but Tristan Thompson wants her back MORE : The cast of Heartstopper taking on homophobes at Pride left me in awe of LGBT+ youth 