Ricky Martin’s lawyer has shut down rumours of a romantic relationship between the singer and his nephew after a restraining order was filed against him earlier in the month. The singer, 50, had also previously denied domestic abuse allegations after a complaint was made against the singer in Puerto Rico under Law 54, also known as the Domestic Abuse Prevention and Intervention Act. However, authorities did not reveal the petitioner’s name. Media reports recently suggested that the accuser, who filed the order anonymously, was in fact Martin’s 21-year-old nephew, who reportedly alleged they had dated for seven months. According to reports from El Vocero, a Puerto Rican newspaper who claims to have viewed the report, the pair are claimed to have broken up two months ago, alleging the singer did not accept the split and was seen loitering near the accusers house at least three times. Martin’s lawyer Marty Singer strenuously denied the allegations, telling Billboard in a statement: ‘Ricky Martin has, of course, never been — and would never be — involved in any kind of sexual or romantic relationship with his nephew. ‘The idea is not only untrue, it is disgusting. We all hope that this man gets the help he so urgently needs. ‘But, most of all, we look forward to this awful case being dismissed as soon as a judge gets to look at the facts.’ Judge Raiza Cajigas Campbell of the Court of First Instance of San Juan, Puerto Rico, had issued a restraining order against the artist on July 2, which authorities tried to serve him in the town of Dorado, where he lives, police spokesman Axel Valencia told the Associated Press. Valencia added that he could not provide further details on who had requested the order as it was filed under the domestic violence law, which Martin took to social media to deny the following day, He told his followers that the claims were ‘completely false’ and he would face the process ‘with the responsibility that characterises me,’ adding: ‘I appreciate the innumerable gestures of solidarity and I receive them with all my heart.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Martin denies ‘completely false’ domestic abuse allegations after restraining order MORE : Ricky Martin sued by ex-manager who says he owes her $3,000,000 after she saved him from ‘career-ending allegations’ 