We all know how it goes: we wait for summer for months and then, as soon as it arrives, it’s over and we’re left wondering where it went and what we even did with it. Don’t let summer pass you by this year. Get out to these events and destinations in July before it’s too late. We’ve got a wonderful spot on the English coastline for puffin obsessives (aren’t we all), as well as a holiday idea for wine lovers and a far-flung destination for those who love a lavish last minute trip. So, what are you waiting for? Get packing and make the most of summer 2022. Already established as a ‘puffin paradise’, thanks to its dramatic cliffside breeding sites, East Yorkshire is set for a spot of more unusual birdwatching this summer in Puffins Galore. This month, a new public art trail of 42 puffin sculptures – each 1.5m tall – has taken up residence along the coast and inland. See how many you can spot – and download a guide or an app to help. The craze for taking your pup on holiday with you shows no sign of dying down, and now dog-friendly travel company PetsPyjamas has introduced a range of boating holidays and road trips for four-legged adventurers. You can let your pooch play captain of their self-drive river cruiser or canal boat, which start at locations such as Wiltshire, Surrey and Scotland, as well as France (from £210pn, full tuition provided). Alternatively, there are nine UK road trip experiences to choose from that provide the route and guidance on dog-friendly must-sees and dos, with somewhere wonderful to rest, relax and indulge in between. You might not associate fine wine with the volcanic island of Lanzarote but its wine tourism is growing and, despite the desert-like climate, there are about 21 wineries making up its Denominación de Origen. Take a tour with Wine Tours Lanzarote to find out more. You’ll visit two or three vineyards and sample six local wines, along with local snacks such as island-made goat’s cheese. You’ll get an insight into cultivation methods at renowned vineyards such as El Grifo, one of the oldest in Spain – it dates to 1775 – which has the spectacular Timanfaya National Park as the backdrop. Tours from £50 per person. Love reggaeton? Then get to the Reggaeton Beach Festival in Santa Cruz, on Tenerife, on July 30. Widely held to be the best urban beach festival in Europe, this year’s edition promises to be simply spectacular, with a water park zone, pools, sprinklers and more hours of the best Latin music with international singers. The line-up features Anuel AA, Myke Torres and Tokischa, among others. Tickets start from £56. Delia Owens’s novel Where The Crawdads Sing has been made into a film starring Daisy Edgar-Jones and produced by Reese Witherspoon. Set in the sultry swamplands of North Carolina, it’s a dramatic tale of an abandoned, then self-sufficient, heroine called Kya. Visit the landscapes that inspired the book and film with a tailor-made trip by Bon Voyage. You can take in the Outer Banks, a region of unspoilt coastline and barrier islands; visit pretty port town Wilmington, which sits on the eastern bank of the Cape Fear River; and discover artsy Asheville. Tours start from £1,195pp, including flights from London, Manchester or Glasgow, car hire, and ten nights of accommodation. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Man films world’s shortest passenger flight – travelling just 1.7 miles MORE : People are using AirTags to track their luggage amid travel chaos