Archie Battersbee will not recover and continuing his treatment will only ‘delay the inevitable’, the High Court has heard. The 12-year-old boy is at the centre of a dispute between doctors and his family after he suffered a ‘devastating’ brain injury three months ago. His parents, Hollie Dance and Paul Battersbee, say their son’s heart is still beating and want his life support treatment to continue. Representing hospital bosses, Martin Westgate QC told Mr Justice Hayden that Archie is ‘unresponsive’ and has ‘no prospect’ of recovering. He said specialists do not think it is in the boy’s best interests for treatment to continue. But a barrister for Archie’s family said it is hoped their son will ‘make some sort of recovery’. Ian Wise QC argued continuing with the treatment is not ‘futile’ and that Archie would want a ‘natural’ not a ‘choreographed’ or ‘planned’ death. Mr Justice Hayden is overseeing the latest in a series of hearings in the Family Division of the High Court in London. He is reviewing evidence after another High Court judge ruled Archie was dead. Doctors treating him at the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel, east London, think he is ‘brain-stem dead’. But Archie’s parents disagree. ‘He is not responsive and has no prospect of recovery,’ Mr Westgate told the judge today. ‘The trust have come to the conclusion that continuing treatment is no longer in his best interests.’ He added: ‘All that treatment can do is delay the inevitable result.’ Mr Wise said Archie’s parents recognise the very serious condition their son is in and that he has a ‘very poor prognosis’. But he said they think that, ‘in the interim’, Archie has a ‘life worth living’ and, ‘in the current circumstances’, a ‘life of dignity’. Archie’s mother has told how she found him unconscious with a ligature over his head on April 7 and thinks he might have been taking part in an online challenge. He has not regained consciousness. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.