Germany head coach Martina Voss-Tecklenburg was left seething with some of the refereeing at the Euro 2022 final but ultimately conceded that England were ‘deserved champions.’ England won their first major trophy since 1966 after defeating Germany 2-1 at Wembley, courtesy of goals from Ella Toone and Chloe Kelly. It was a fiery game between the two old rivals with seven players booked in total and some contentious decisions from the officials, as Voss-Tecklenburg lamented after the game: ‘I’m thinking about the situation at 0-0, there was a clear situation in the box which was a clear handball. ‘VAR looked at it but didn’t give it. Why didn’t the referee look at it? That hurt a little. ‘We wanted to play courageously to get the first goal and play with a high press. When we actually had the ball more, we conceded the goal. ‘In extra-time the 2-1 was just a bit unlucky. Maybe the penalty should have decided it.’ It was a very even game with both sides dominating phases of the match and generating plenty of chances in front of a raucous crowd of 87,192 fans, a record attendance for both the men’s and women’s Euros. Voss-Tecklenburg added: ‘England are deserved champions. They win hard like that and look at the support they have got. ‘If you score two goals against Germany, you are deserved champions. Congratulations to them. ‘Lots of energy and pride in my team. It was incredibly loud. This will help us in the future. ‘We gave our all on the pitch, not everything worked, but we gave sweat, fight and energy. That’s very sad, you can’t find the right words to tell the team. I just have to process that. ‘We came to win the game, but we didn’t manage that. Maybe tomorrow I will have a different feeling on it. ‘Runners-up sounds pretty good, but it hurts a little bit. Only one team could win today, we might need a little more time to digest that.’ MORE : It’s come home! England beat Germany in record-breaking final to win Euro 2022 MORE : Germany captain missed Euro 2022 final after getting injured practising penalties For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 