Frankie Grande has spilled the beans on how he has settled into married life with husband Hale Leon, raving about their ‘relaxed’ romance. The Broadway icon – who is currently starring in the incredible Titanique, in New York – tied the knot with his partner on May 4, aka Star Wars day, just one year after announcing their engagement. The pair have offered fans a glimpse into their romance on social media, sharing loved-up photos with fans. In a chat with Metro.co.uk, the 39-year-old – brother of Ariana Grande – opened up about how he has found the latest chapter of his life. When asked if he felt different as a married man, Frankie told us: ‘It’s only different in that there’s less of a rush to do things. I feel like when we were dating, it was always like, “When are we going to get engaged?” ‘Then when we were engaged, it was like, “When is the wedding? And when are we going to get married? When are we going to have this date? Do we want to go see that movie or do that thing?” ‘Now it’s just so relaxed and so chill. If one of us is tired, we’re like, “Okay, let’s not do that event, let’s not go out tonight, let’s just stay in”. ‘Everything has become so much more relaxed, which is very nice. I feel very blessed for that.’ ‘The wedding was different than I imagined because I never understood why people said it was the best day of their lives,’ he continued. ‘I [thought] it’s just going to be another day. But it wasn’t, it was the best day of my life. ‘It was so beautiful and so magical to have all those people there celebrating our love for each other. It was unbelievable. I would say the wedding far exceeded my expectations. ‘In terms of marriage, I think that I’m right at my expectations. I wasn’t expecting a huge shift, nothing has massively shifted. The happiness is absolutely there and the stability is there. That has met my expectations.’ It is definitely a loved-up time in the Grande household as Frankie’s sister, Ariana, walked down the aisle with beau Dalton Gomez last year. ‘It is beautiful. It’s so nice to add family members,’ the Celebrity Big Brother star said of their union. ‘I spent the Fourth of July with Hale’s family out in Long Island and it was just so nice because they’re my family now. ‘My family is out in LA so I wasn’t able to be with them, but I was able to go with Hale’s family who are now my family, so I was still with family! It’s just more family, it’s great. Make it bigger!’ Frankie kicked off his Broadway career in typical sparkly style, joining the cast of Mamma Mia! in 2007. Since then, the star has made a name for himself in the showbiz world, showing off his acting and dancing skills on the big and small screen – as well as popping up on CBB in 2016. Most recently, the actor, producer, actor and social media advocate kicked off a limited run of his Titanique stage production – which truly needs to be seen to be believed. He was asked to take part in the production, a Celine Dion jukebox musical parodying Titanic, by co-author Constantine Rousouli – who stars as Jack – and of course, it was an instant yes. ‘It is so silly and so up my alley. There was no option, I just said yes,’ he enthused. ‘It is the most fun, we have such a wonderful cast. We are idiots backstage, we are idiots onstage. It is just nothing but a good time, to quote Rock of Ages, one of my other alma maters on Broadway. ‘It is really just so much fun, so much love. It’s the perfect thing for New Yorkers right now because we’re going through a crazy moment in this country. It’s really good to just come to the theatre and laugh. It is so cathartic and so freeing, people are having the best time.’ Speaking of being back on stage after a tough few years for the industry, Frankie added: ‘It’s really wonderful. To quote Lady Gaga, I live for the applause. To be able to hear it is so wonderful because I feel like I’m actually doing the work that I was put on this planet to do, which is make people smile and laugh. ‘While I know I’m doing it on social media and on TikTok and all that stuff, you can’t hear them laughing. You can’t hear them clapping. ‘When you can actually hear the work you’re doing play out and make people smile and laugh in real time, it’s the best feeling in the world and I’m so grateful to be back.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nope’s breakout star Brandon Perea totally up for spin-off after warming hearts on-screen MORE : Love Island’s Paige Thorne makes subtle dig at Jacques O’Neill during romantic date with Adam Collard 