Nick Cannon has confused fans after posting photos of what appears to be an engagement after declaring he will never find a love like he had with Mariah Carey. The presenter, 41, took to Instagram to share a photo of him and a mystery woman pressing their foreheads together in a romantic embrace with the city lights behind them at dusk, as well as another shot of a large diamond ring in a box. He captioned the photos: ‘I said I would never do it again but…Finally doing what the world wants me to do…’ It comes after Nick spoke out about his previous marriage to Mariah Carey, admitting he doesn’t believe he will find a love like it again. He revealed on The Hottee Talk Show podcast: ‘I will never have a love like I had with Mariah. It was literally like a fairy tale with Mariah so I would rather it just be that way.’ Nick also revealed in May that he doesn’t think he is ‘built’ for marriage, adding: ‘That [marriage to Mariah], to me, was one of the greatest experiences of my life, and for that to have come to an end… why would I go back, if I couldn’t make that work out right? ‘Once I gave my all to a scenario going forward, I’d have to be presented with something I’d never seen before, never experienced, in order for me to be willing to go back to do something like that. ‘Because I did my best in this space, and now there’s a new journey in my life that’s different. I’m not going to backtrack and put myself in that position again, because it doesn’t get any better than that. ‘I love my family, all of my children, and every woman that has given me the blessing of being able to experience that. ‘But marriage, and all that goes into that, is so … it’s a lot. You’re literally entering a partnership where two become one. I’m not built for that.’ While the engagement photos may have come as a surprise, fans were quick to speculate that were from a music video shoot rather than Nick, who is expecting his eighth – and reportedly ninth – baby, proposing for real. They commented: ‘What movie is this for?’, ‘Nah this gotta be music video’ and ‘Nick, bye! This is a music video’. Others added: ‘I think it’s a music video, lol she ain’t none of his baby mommas’ and ‘Is this promo for a video coming out soon’. Nick also joked that it would be a ‘safe bet’ that he would have at least three more babies this year after having several children in quick succession. Co-hosting Entertainment Tonight with Nischelle Turner, Nick was asked how many babies he would be expecting this year after model Bre Tiesi confirming she is pregnant with his eighth child, and Abby De La Rosa reportedly carrying his ninth baby. He joked: ‘That would take all the fun out of it if I just gave you a number right now.’ Nick currently has 11-year-old twins Monroe and Moroccan with ex-wife Mariah Carey, Golden, five, and Powerful Queen, one, with Brittany Bell, and twins Zion and Zillion with Abby De La Rosa. He was also father to son Zen with Alyssa Scott, who died at five months old in December from a rare form of brain cancer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Cannon admits he ‘never had a love like Mariah Carey’ and would rekindle their romance: ‘It was literally a fairy tale’ MORE : Nick Cannon hilariously responds to Elon Musk’s claim he’s repopulating the earth by having 10 kids: ‘Right there with you brother!’ 