Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak will go head-to-head on on a Sky News debate after pulling out of a previous appearance. The channel has secured an hour-long showdown between the final two vying for the Tory leadership. It is expected to take place on August 4 at 8pm and will be hosted by broadcaster Kay Burley. The pair had earlier declined to take part in a Sky debate for wider candidates, forcing the broadcaster to cancel its plans with a day’s notice. But yesterday Sunak tweeted ‘Looking forward to it!’ as he agreed to next month’s appearance. The former Chancellor will have his work cut out for him, as Foreign Secretary Ms Truss is currently the bookies’ favourite to win the race to become Prime Minister. Head of Sky News John Ryley said: ‘There has never been a more important time to reinvigorate the trust of voters in the office of the prime minister. ‘This live TV debate on Sky News gives the final two candidates a chance to reconnect with millions by debating the major issues facing Britain. ‘It presents a unique opportunity to re-engage a disillusioned electorate.’ First the final two will participate in a BBC debate on Monday, as they spend the summer trying to win the backing of Tory members, who will ultimately hand them the keys to No 10. Earlier this week, Ms Truss and Mr Sunak told Sky they would not be taking part in its scheduled three-way debate. The move came after earlier TV confrontations concerned Tory MPs who watched the candidates engage in furious exchanges and criticise the Government’s record. The first of the 12 official public hustings organised by the Tory party in the leadership contest has been set for July 28 in Leeds, before Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak tour the UK for questioning. A hustings for the Conservative Councillors’ Association, organised separately and believed to be taking place behind closed doors, is expected to take place today. Conservative members are expected to receive postal ballots by August 5, with the ballot shutting at 5pm on September 2 ahead of the final announcement. Conservative Party Chairman Andrew Stephenson said: ‘We will shortly begin a hustings programme right across the UK, giving our members the chance to put their questions to the candidates.’ The candidates will also attend hustings in Exeter, Eastbourne, Northern Ireland, Manchester and London during their tour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.