Sir Cliff Richard was on-hand to help mark Wimbledon’s 100 years of Centre Court celebration on Sunday, but not all those tuning in were enjoying the singalong. Today marked day seven of this year’s Wimbledon tennis championships, with plenty of twists and turns across the courts. Cameron Norrie became the last Brit standing in the singles tournament this afternoon, which came just hours after a milestone was marked on Centre Court. The Centenary Celebration was led by names such as Sue Barker, John McEnroe and Roger Federer, with some other famous faces also in attendance. One of those included Sir Cliff, 81, who treated fans to a surprise rendition of his track Summer Holiday from the stands – but some fans were not left impressed. A viewer shared on Twitter this afternoon: ‘Always wanted go to Wimbledon but genuinely terrified it would be when Cliff Richard was doing acapella again. Not worth the risk.’ ‘#Wimbledon2022 This 100yr celebration is a bit of a cringe-fest. Especially Cliff Richard,’ someone else echoed. ‘That Cliff Richard sing-along was a bit cringe. #Wimbledon,’ another added. A fan wrote: ‘So we go from an amazing montage #Wimbledon to this absolute cringe-fest with #cliffrichard with the whole crowd just in stunned silence.’ ‘This centre court nonsense on BBC1 might be the most nauseating thing I’ve ever seen, and I’ve had it on mute since Cliff Richard started singing #Wimbledon,’ said a Twitter user. However, others tuning in were much more complimentary, and praised Sir Cliff’s performance, with one fan sharing: ‘Like him or not, he’s a legend. #Wimbledon.’ ‘So many rude comments about Sir Cliff Richard @Wimbledon . He is nearly 82, looks great for his age, still plays tennis-a game he loves- & he can still sing. Plus he is there to show his support for THE best tennis tournament – Wimbledon and celebrate 100 yrs of Centre Court!’ another agreed. ‘What’s embarrassing is not Cliff Richard but a society that mocks the old. Kindness is king. What happened to respect UK?’ someone else asked. Other tennis legends including Bjorn Borg and Billie Jean King made an appearance during the momentous festivities. Singer Freya Ridings also provided her vocals for part of the celebrations. Elsewhere, host Sue was left in tears as she received a standing ovation from the crowd at Wimbledon, after she stepped down as the BBC’s presenter following an incredible 30 years. The former tennis pro and A Question of Sport presenter previously announced that this will be her final year presenting. Sue, 66, was visibly emotional as thousands of fans got to their feet, cheering and clapping for her. ‘Thank you so much but this is about the tournament and all I can say is from now on, John McEnroe is going to be commentating on Court 17 after that going off-script!’ Sue joked. ‘But thank you, that means the world to me, it really does.’ Wimbledon continues to air across the BBC and BBC iPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cam Norrie reacts to ‘shocking’ run to Wimbledon quarter-finals as he calls for more support MORE : Wimbledon 2022: Sienna Miller can’t keep hands off boyfriend Oli Green as they lead stars at centre court 