More than a million LGBT+ people and allies have filled the streets of London for the 50th anniversary of the UK’s first pride parade. The sky turned rainbow-coloured as activists, politicians, bikers, celebrities and even dogs marched through the capital for the first time since the pandemic. Metro.co.uk is at the scene speaking to people about why the event is so important (and sussing out the very best outfits and banners on display). Haven Thorn, a spokesperson for London Pride, told us that today ‘is all about celebrating the progress we’ve made as a community’ since the first ever March in 1972. But he stressed it was also about ‘acknowledging that Pride is built on the backs of that first generation – veterans who paved the way for us to march today.’ He said: ‘There’s a lot more work to do looking forward, particularly for the trans community. This is not just about the LGB, but for the T. Our trans brothers and sisters they must be protected from things like conversion therapy. ‘We’re also telling the UK government this year to reform the gender recognition act and protect the community from all forms of hate crime.’ Thorn also pointed to the recent mass shooting at a gay bar in Oslo, which shows ‘there are some real enemies out there who want to do harm to the community.’ But he insisted there was ‘no nervousness’ today, and said Pride in London is in the ‘best of hands’ – protected by the London Fire Brigade, Westminster Council, and the Metropolitan Police. ‘It’s the return of pride in London after a three year Covid induced hiatus, so there’s so much pent up demand and energy this year’, he said. ‘We were expecting record numbers of people – 1.5 million LGBT travelers to come to the capital and celebrate.’ Attendees include former Olympic athlete Dame Kelly Holmes, who recently came out publicly as gay, and Joe Locke, star of Netflix’s hit LGBT show Heartstopper. Floats lined Park Lane ahead of the main march through the capital, which was led by Gay Liberation Front (GLF) activists holding placards saying ‘I was there in 1972’ and that they are ‘still fighting’ for global LGBT+ freedom. Peter Tatchell, a GFL veteran, gave a rousing speech calling on the UK’s largest Pride event to return to its radical political roots. He said in the early days of Pride marches, people were not only campaigning for equal rights for the LGBTQ+ community but also wider social change. He told the crowd: ‘Gay Liberation Front, which organised the first Pride, saw itself as part of a wider social movement for the liberation of all oppressed people. ‘We stood in solidarity with women’s liberation, the black and Irish communities, and working class people and trade unions.’ He also criticised Boris Johnson’s government for refusing to ban trans Conversion Therapy. People shouted ‘f**K you’ to the prime minister after Tatchell said:  ‘Are you proud? Boris Johnson can’t hear you, are you proud? And what do we say to Boris Johnson when he says trans people won’t be protected?’ He added: ‘Be proud every day. Be out every day. Be kind and friendly to each other.’ As part of what organisers are calling the ‘biggest and most inclusive event in history’, there is a line-up of artists performing across four stages around central London. Singer Emeli Sande, who came out publicly in April, is among those on the entertainment bill. She posted a story on her Instagram which showed her and her partner, classical pianist Yoana Karemova, on their way to soundcheck, and later in Trafalgar Square, where preparations were under way for the day’s musical extravaganza. This year’s parade, from Hyde Park Corner to Whitehall, pays homage to the original 1972 march. For the first time, uniformed officers from the Metropolitan Police are not taking part after the force acknowledged concerns from the LGBT community in the wake of inquests which concluded police failings ‘probably’ contributed to the deaths of young men murdered by serial killer Stephen Port. When asked what the Met could do to win back the trust of the community, Thorn said ‘communication, building in-roads and listening to our voices’ is paramount. ‘There’s a lot more work to be done, but obviously we’ve come very far in the past 50 years. ‘Mayor Sadiq Khan was at the front of the parade and led the march this year which shows how much visibility the community is enjoying today. ‘We won’t be silenced. People in power need to listen to the community’s words and what we’re crying out for, which is equality for all. ‘Pride at its core is a protest, and there will always be a Pride until the LGBT+ community are equal to their heteronormative counterparts in every way possible.’ The ‘All Our Pride’ message at the heart of today’s march aims to create a sense of unity among an LGBTQ+ community that has become torn on some issues. After all, it was only in 2018 that lesbian and feminist group ‘Get the L Out’ showed up with signs reading ‘Transactivism Erases Lesbians’ and lay down on the ground in front of the parade. This year is the first that Pride in London has included the circle for intersex people on its flag, so clearly organisers believe the community is stronger under the same umbrella. ‘We are one community, and we march for everyone – there is no Pride until everyone is equal, and it’s super important that everyone is recognized and celebrated,’ said Thorn. More than 600 LGBT+ community groups are joining the march today, which will pass significant sites from the UK’s first LGBT+ movement. Mohammed Nazir, 24, from Bangladesh, from campaign group Rainbows Across Borders, said he wanted to dedicate this year’s pride to those forced to still hide their sexuality. He said: ‘Pride is about self-affirmation, dignity and equality. It is a way to meet some other LGBTQ people. Pride is a movement where we’re still fighting for our rights.’ Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said there was still a ‘danger’ to the LGBT+ community of ‘discrimination, bias and violence’ and warned against being ‘complacent’. He gave a speech as the London Gay Men’s Chorus, which was taking part in the march, described an assault on one of its members and his partner in the early hours of Saturday as a ‘terrible attack’. A man was arrested by the Metropolitan Police on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm in what the force said it was treating as a homophobic hate crime. The choir said the attack ‘only serves to underline how important it remains to fight against homophobia and all forms of discrimination’. Mr Khan said: ‘This year is the 50th anniversary of Pride, celebrating this community, celebrating the progress made, but also continuing to campaign and never be complacent. ‘We saw this time last week an attack in Oslo just hours before that parade, where two people lost their lives and more than 20 were injured. ‘So, we’ve got to be conscious of the fact that there’s still a danger to this community of discrimination, bias and violence. But allies like me are really important to support this community.’ People taking part in Pride told of their relief to be back after the pandemic. Stephen Sanders said he ‘really missed Pride the last two years, obviously with Covid, so it’s good to be back celebrating the 50 years’, while Padraigin Ni Raghillig, who rode her Harley-Davidson at the front of the Pride parade as president of Dykes on Bikes London, said it felt ‘fantastic’ to be back after lockdown. For those who couldn’t make it to the party today at Trafalgar Square, Haven said anyone could join in with ’50 seconds to commemorate the 50 years of progress we’ve made’. ‘You can either cheer or kiss a loved one for 50 seconds, or commemorate it with a silent moment’. Popstar Ava Max will close the show on the Trafalgar Square stage, while other performers include Eurovision-winner Netta, Samantha Mumba and Kat Graham. All proceeds raised from commercial partnerships are reinvested into the LGBT+ community, such as through the Unity Fund, organisers said. The Unity Fund aims to build stronger communities by providing one-off grants to grassroots organisations, which address the needs of the UK’s LGBT+ community. Click here to donate. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.      