The Biden administration has reportedly offered a convicted Russian arms trafficker as part of a deal to release WNBA star Brittney Griner and another American being held by Moscow. The plan to exchange Viktor Bout, who is serving a 25-year prison sentence in the US, has President Joe Biden’s support, three sources told CNN on Wednesday. ‘We communicated a substantial offer that we believe could be successful based on a history of conversations with the Russians,’ a senior administration official told the news outlet. ‘We communicated that a number of weeks ago, in June.’ The official added that it is in Russia’s ‘court to be responsive to it, yet at the same time that does not leave us passive, as we continue to communicate the offer at very senior levels’. The report came shortly after Griner testified in a Russian court that she did not receive an explanation of her rights when she was arrested for carrying cannabis oil vape cartridges in her suitcase at a Moscow airport. The Phoenix Mercury player said she was told to sign papers without understanding what they stated, and that the airport confiscated her phone and forced her to sign more documents. Griner also reiterated her guilty plea from early July. ‘I do understand the charges against me, I do take responsibility for them being in my bag, but I didn’t plan on bringing anything to Russia,’ she said during cross-examination. Also on Wednesday, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken announced that the US sent a ‘substantial proposal’ to Moscow ‘weeks ago’ for Griner and Whelan’s release. Blinken is expected to have a phone call with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov later this week. The state department classifies both of them as wrongfully detained. Whelan has been held in Russia since 2018 for alleged espionage. The families of both Griner and Whelan have urged the Biden administration to push for their release, including doing a prison swap if needed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.