The summer holidays are about to begin for school students across England and Wales, which means a hard-earned break for teachers. Many people like to say thanks to those who’ve taught their children for the year with a gift. But with the cost of living crisis hitting families across the country, that’s one more expense to bear the brunt of while things are tight. If you want to show your gratitude but need to stick to a budget, a homemade card is always welcome, and there are plenty of inexpensive gift options out there too. From sweets to pampering gifts, you can give their favourite teacher something thoughtful and useful – all without breaking the bank. With that, we’ve rounded up our favourite 10 thank you gifts priced less than £10. It takes a caffeine hit to corral a classroom full of kids, and this mug will ensure they have their own personalised receptacle for teas and coffees. As well as stopping mug thieves in their tracks (they’re in every industry) you can add a sweet message to remind teachers how special they are every time they take a sip. Buy for £9.99 at Getting Personal. If they’ve been run off their feet all term, the teacher you gift this pampering foot soak to will be thanking you right back. Designed to revive and energise, add a few spoonfuls of the salts to warm water and get ready to soak away your stress. Buy for £5 at Oliver Bonas. Teachers with a sweet tooth will love these biscuits made in their own image. These gifts come in postbox-sized boxes so you can send them direct if you run out of time before schools break up. Buy Miss Teacher and Sir Teacher biscuits for £7.99 each at Biscuiteers In a refreshing mint and eucalyptus scent, these smell as good as they look. Your little one’s teacher will likely need some R&R, so you can help them turn their home into a spa-like retreat. Buy for £6 at Asda. They can quite literally wear their craft as a badge of honour with this enamel badge. Celebrate their hard work and give them a reminder every time they wear it. Buy for £8.99 at Not On the High Street. These wax melts are almost too pretty to go in a burner, emblazoned with embossed thank you lettering and a sprinkle of glitter. Choose from a variety of fragrances or go with a random selection. Buy for £8 at Etsy. Sweets are a perfect all-rounder gift – especially if you don’t know the teacher super well. Not only that, the jar can be repurposed or upcycled as a vase or container after the treats are finished. Buy for £8 from John Lewis. Educators are always on the go, so this hand cream set allows them to indulge in a little self care whether it’s between periods or during playground duty. In this set you’ll get a shea butter cream, an almond cream, and a cherry blossom cream – all packaged in a cute reusable storage tin. Buy for £10 at M&S. Any parent knows that Father Christmas is the best motivation to get children to behave, and this pretend Santa Cam lets them know he’s watching. At the very least it’ll give their teacher a laugh – and they may find that it’s useful in the classroom too. Buy for £4.29 (was £10) at I Want One of Those. While the summer break is a chance for teacher to relax, many will miss the hustle and bustle of the classroom. Instead of developing young minds, this gift lets them grow their own sunflowers, getting green-fingered and sprucing up their home or garden in the process. Buy for £6.99 at Prezzybox. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : I wasn’t prepared for the heartbreak I’d feel when my little boy took his first steps into school MORE : Redheads can get free cinema tickets to escape the heat on Monday and Tuesday