An explosive account of life at No 10 has shed light on Boris Johnson’s ‘temper tantrums’ and alleged need for ‘house-training.’ Overseeing the prime minister during the pandemic was similar to being a ‘nanny’, his former senior aide has claimed. Cleo Watson has written exclusively in Tatler on her experience working for the Conservative leader. Mr Johnson allegedly faced strict rules and orders during the height of the covid outbreak. A dedicated ‘puppy gate’ was created to pen in the Prime Minister after he was ‘pinged’ by contact tracing, Ms Watson claims. She wrote: ‘The PM himself was subject to a fair amount of house-training. Like many, he was “pinged” a couple of times and insisted on working from his downstairs office while isolating. ‘Very soon, this required setting up chairs as barriers in the doorway, as he couldn’t resist stepping over the threshold into our adjoining room to peer over shoulders at what people were working on. ‘So the prime ministerial “puppy gate” was created. He’d kneel on the seats, his elbows propped over the top, like a great unruly golden retriever, howling for attention.’ Ms Watson’s account of life at No 10 during the pandemic also touches on matters closer to home. She observed the ‘sheer bravery’ of Carrie awaiting news of her husband’s health after he contracted covid-19 and the ‘out of body experience’ she felt herself while waiting for updates. Ms Watson was enlisted to join Mr Johnson’s cabinet by Dominic Cummings, another former aide of the prime minister. When the relationship between the pair soured, ramifications soon hit Ms Watson. ‘I can’t look at you any more because it reminds me of Dom,’ she claims the Prime Minister told her. In her Tatler article, the former aide added that she was compared to ‘an ugly old lamp’ leftover from a failed marriage. Ms Watson had worked on the Vote Leave campaign and in Theresa May’s office before being called upon to join Mr Johnson’s cabinet. While her role as special advisor ‘sounded fancy’ she equated it more as being a ‘nanny’. She used a ‘teapot pose’ to instruct Mr Johnson to carry out tasks, such as picking up his dog Dilyn’s poo. The prime minister allegedly had to be ordered to pick up his dog’s excrement after it used the carpet of an office room as a toilet. ‘I alternated between stern finger-wagging and soothing words’ Ms Watson wrote, adding that ‘temper tantrums’ during the pandemic were not uncommon for the prime minister. The former aide’s Tatler piece had been written ahead of the release of a new television show that will depict life at No 10 during the pandemic. This England stars Kenneth Branagh as the prime minister, Ophelia as Carrie and Andrew Buchan as former health secretary Matt Hancock. The series will follow Mr Johnson’s first months leading the country and delve into the start of the pandemic. It will also shine a spotlight on his tumultuous personal life and the aftermath of Brexit. This England is due to air later this year, by which point, a replacement for the prime minister will have likely been found. The competition between Liz Truss and Rishi Sunak is narrowing ahead of September, when a winner in the race for No 10 will be announced. Defence Secretary Ben Wallace is among the latest prominent Tory to share their views on the remaining candidates. He made the comments during a hustings in Leeds in support of Ms Truss. Meanwhile, Mr Sunak was accused of ‘walking out the door’ of Mr Johnson’s cabinet. ‘I don’t have the luxury as Defence Secretary of just walking out the door — I have roles in keeping this country safe,’ Mr Wallace said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.