Domestic violence charity Refuge has expressed concern over the misogynistic and abusive behaviours in recent episodes of Love Island. Fans of the ITV2 dating show have been gripped by the high drama following the Mad Movies episodes, which saw Luca Bish blow up at partner Gemma Owen while accusing her of ‘flirting’ with Billy Brown despite her insisting she wasn’t ‘entertaining’ the bombshell’s advances. On top of that, Davide Sanclimenti repeatedly branded Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu a ‘liar’ during their explosive rows, despite himself straying and kissing Coco Lodge in Casa Amor. The ‘problematic’ scenes caught the attention of Women’s Aid, who addressed the mounting backlash over the ‘misogynistic and controlling behaviour’, with Refuge also following suit. ‘Refuge is increasingly concerned about the misogynistic and abusive behaviours being displayed in this year’s series of Love Island,’ Refuge CEO Ruth Davison said. ‘Love Island has a huge audience, particularly amongst young people and Refuge urge the producers of the show to recognise and respond to abusive behaviour when it happens. ‘Popular culture has an important role to play in challenging these behaviours rather than perpetuating them. ‘Gaslighting and emotional manipulation are types of behaviour that can be displayed by perpetrators of domestic abuse. Coercive control is a form of domestic abuse and is a crime. ‘That this behaviour appears to be carried out by some men in the villa and broadcast as entertainment is extremely troubling and should be called out.’ The statement continued: ‘Refuge is pleased to hear Love Island is now in discussions with Women’s Aid about starting to address these issues and Refuge would of course be pleased to input into these important discussions.’ In a separate tweet, the charity added: ‘The misogyny and casual sexism witnessed on this series of #LoveIsland is extremely concerning. ‘The double standards, gaslighting and coercive control being displayed by the men in the villa is hugely problematic. ‘If anything you’ve seen has impacted you, our National Domestic Abuse helpline is here if you need support. ‘Call our freephone 24/7 on 0808 2000 247 or contact us online: http://bit.ly/33OYW73.’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 