While the girls are away, the boys will play! Things are heating up on Love Island thanks to the return of fan favourite feature, Casa Amor. The guys and gals are getting to know the new bombshells, but that means heads are turning, and it seems Andrew Le Page has eyes for someone who isn’t Tasha Ghouri – uh oh! The drama continues in tonight’s episode, as he shares a kiss with newcomer Coco, even going as far as to tell her that she’s his ‘type.’ As the two get cosy in the beach hut, he says to her: ‘Right now I’m not going to be thinking about Tasha. I’m going to be thinking about myself for once.’ ‘At the end of the day I wanna be happy so, I’m definitely going to speak to Coco, we’ll see what happens,’ he states. Taking his opportunity, he asks Coco to come with him to the terrace for a chat. Up on the terrace, Andrew tells Coco that he wants to ‘get to know her’ and when she asks why, he tells her: ‘I’m not going to lie, you’re a bit of me.’ Coco then admits Andrew is the one her mum would want her to go for, and he’d get on well with her. Later in the conversation, Andrew admits to a ‘little kiss’, with Coco admitting that she liked it and Andrew was a good kisser. ‘Would you like to do it again, do you reckon?’, Andrew asks her. Coco responds saying: ‘Do you wanna do it again?’ Taking his chance, he leans in and gives Coco another kiss – ahh! But that’s not all, as Dami and Summer also venture up to the terrace for a smooch. When she asks Dami – who only had eyes for Indiyah just days ago – he says: ‘You fancy me. You feel like there is a bit of chemistry between us. You wanna kiss me. You wanna share a bed with me tonight. You still definitely want to kiss me.’ When Summer remarks on Dami’s strong eye contact, she challenges him to a staring contest. Dami says to her: ‘If you lose, just shoot your shot.’ The pair then share their first kiss. Oh but it’s not just the boys playing away, as the girls are also getting to know the bombshells in Casa Amor, with Indiyah telling Denji he’s a ‘good looking guy’ and Josh making a move on Danica. During a conversation where Danica reveals that kiss with Davide, Josh then shifts closer to her on the sofa and leans in for a snog himself. How will Danica respond? And will this mean there’s a brand new couple in the Villa? So many dramz, we just can’t keep up… but we love it! Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Episodes are available the following morning on BritBox. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island host Laura Whitmore reveals agonising behind the scenes secret from Casa Amor recoupling MORE : Ronan Keating ‘nervous as hell’ to watch son Jack on Love Island but says he’ll ‘always support him’ 