This week’s wildfires were a ‘wake-up call’ for Britain, as climate change means we could see far more in the future, firefighters have warned. As the UK experienced record breaking temperatures exceeding 40°C on Tuesday, huge fires broke out across the country – damaging and destroying people’s homes. Major fire incidents were declared in London, Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincolnshire, Leicestershire and South Yorkshire amid the tinder-dry conditions. Firefighters in the capital faced their busiest day since World War Two, with the London Fire Brigade (LFB) taking 2,670 calls – compared to 500 on a busy day. Bosses at West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, which came close to calling a major incident, warned the nationwide situation would not be a one-off and the UK needed to ‘get prepared’. Describing Tuesday as a ‘game change’, Deputy Chief Fire Officer Dave Walton said: ‘Fires were spreading much more quickly than ever before.’ He said that usually when a big fire happened, it was possible to call on neighbouring services to help, but on Tuesday ‘everyone was busy and completely stacked out’. Mr Walton added: ‘The predictions are we will get heatwaves like this much more regularly, even as much as every three years, due to climate change. ‘This is very different position we are in now compared to a one-off event nearly 50 years ago, and we need to see this as a wake-up call. ‘We need to learn how we get prepared as a country for this and how we rethink the resource we have or need, going forward, so we are ready for these, so homes, property and ultimately people’s lives are saved.’ LFB Assistant Commissioner Jonathan Smith said the fires are ‘another example of how we are increasingly being challenged by new extremes of weather as our climate changes’. He added: ‘We’re developing long-term strategies to deal with more incidents like this in the future.’ This week Met Office chief scientist Professor Stephen Belcher said it would be ‘virtually impossible’ for the UK to experience 40°C temperatures in an undisrupted climate’. He added: ‘But climate change driven by greenhouse gases has made these extreme temperatures possible, and we’re actually seeing this possibility now.’ The UK recorded a new provisional high temperature of 40.3°C in Coningsby, Lincolnshire, on Tuesday, outstripping the previous record set in Cambridge in 2019 of 38.7. People can expect much cooler temperatures on Thursday with a high of 25°C expected, probably towards the south of the country, before temperatures are set to rise again at the weekend with 31°C or 32°C possible in East Anglia or Cambridgeshire. Met Office forecaster Alex Burkill said unsettled weather is on the way too with some heavy thundery rain expected in the north west on Saturday which will become more widespread on Sunday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.