Coleen Nolan has reportedly split from her boyfriend Michael Jones. The Loose Women star, 57, has been in a relationship with supermarket worker Michael, 58, for a year, and in January introduced him to viewers of the ITV talk show. However the pair have now seemingly called time on their relationship and reportedly split up months ago. According to The Sun, Coleen and Michael decided ‘amicably’ to go their separate ways after growing apart. A source told the outlet that while they were ‘happy at first, the spark fizzled out in the end.’ They added that they ‘quietly broke up in April’ of this year but have ‘stayed close.’ Mum-of-three Coleen is reportedly looking forward to ‘possibly meeting someone new’ in the future but the source added she is in ‘no rush.’ ‘Coleen enjoys the single life and has said she’ll soon be back online dating trying to find her dream match,’ they said. A spokesperson for Coleen also reportedly confirmed the split to The Sun, saying that while they are no longer together they ‘remain great friends and are on good terms.’ Coleen and Michael met last year on online dating app Tinder, and things moved quickly between them – with their first date lasting six hours. Speaking on Loose Women in January, with Michael sitting beside her, Coleen admitted that finding love with a new partner was ‘something that I genuinely thought would never happen again.’ She went on to say in an interview with OK! Magazine that she and Michael regularly discussed marriage, both agreeing at the time it appeared to be ‘inevitable’. Coleen has been married twice, first to EastEnders star Shane Richie and then to Ray Fensome, who she divorced in 2018. The star has three children: sons Shane J, 33r and Jake, 29, from her marriage to Shane, and daughter Ciara, 20, from her time with Ray. Michael is dad to 20-year-old Nico from a previous relationship, and has also been married before. Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Coleen for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Exes Shane Richie and Coleen Nolan reunite for son Shane Jr’s wedding to girlfriend of six years Maddie Wahdan MORE : Coleen Nolan defends Boris Johnson ahead of no confidence vote: ‘I’m just tired of it’  