Tonight’s episode of Love Island will reveal how Jacques O’Neill came to the decision to quit the series in a shock departure. However, before his exit, he became enraged by the entrance of ‘ultimate’ bombshell Adam Collard, after hearing how the former islander spoke about him to his partner, Paige Thorne. This led to him telling fellow contestant Billy Brown to ‘f**k off’ in a moment that’s shocked fans on tonight’s episode. On yesterday’s instalment, Paige opened up to the other girls about her conversation with Adam, swearing them to secrecy as she revealed how Adam questioned Jacques’ maturity, being a few years younger. While Paige warned that it would be ‘World War 3’ if anyone divulged their conversation, Gemma Owen shared a small tidbit with Jacques – which fuelled his fury. Jacques walked over to Billy and Paige, who were chatting together on the day bed. After questioning Paige about what Adam said about him, Jacques told Billy to ‘f**k off’ so he could speak to Paige alone. Paige looked aghast by Jacques’ words, telling him that he’d been ‘rude’ and imploring him to calm down. Several viewers expressed their shock over the encounter, especially how Jacques spoke to Billy to ask him to leave. ‘Why is Jacques Speaking to Billy like that, it’s absolutely disgusting!’ one person tweeted. ‘Billy looked flabbergasted,’ someone else wrote, while another said: ‘Poor Billy he offered to leave and then got told to f**k off. My heart man.’ Tonight Jacques will leave the villa on the show, becoming tearful as he speaks to Paige on the terrace. Addressing Jacques’ exit, a Love Island spokesperson said: ‘Jacques has made the decision to leave the Villa. ‘He will explain his reasons to the Islanders during tonight’s episode. We fully support his decision and look forward to seeing what’s next for Jacques.’ Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Gemma Owen ‘told Billy Brown he could pull her for a chat in unaired scenes’ MORE : Love Island’s Amy Hart slams show’s ‘fake’ and ‘scripted’ claims: ‘When do you think we’re learning these scripts?’ 