Comedian Katherine Ryan has voiced her bewilderment that the iconic Jennifer Lopez has taken Ben Affleck’s surname after their marriage. The singer and actress, 52, married Ben, 49, in a simple ceremony in Las Vegas this week, driving fans wild as they made the surprise announcement. JLo and Ben became engaged this year after rekindling their romance almost 20 years since they were last together – which at the time coined the now-iconic term ‘Bennifer’. But while pretty much everyone was delighted for the couple, there were some eyebrows raised at the fact the newly married Jennifer signed off the wedding announcement with the words: ‘Jennifer Afleck.’ Traditionally, a woman would take a man’s surname once they’re married, but in recent years many are choosing to keep their own name or use a double-barrelled surname. While generally it is left up to each individual to decide what’s best for them, Canadian actress Katherine was clearly shocked by JLo’s decision, and took to Twitter to share her thoughts. She wrote: ‘Changing your name makes very little sense to me, but makes ZERO SENSE AT ALL when your name is Jennifer Lopez and you are J-Lo, Jenny from the Block, and you rode the 6 day and night to grow that name but ok, Jen Affleck…’ Katherine’s comment slightly divided opinion online, with some agreeing with the actress but others stating it was none of her business. One person wrote that ‘telling another woman what she should choose to do makes very little sense to me,’ while another defended Katherine saying there was ‘nothing wrong with having an opinion.’ Others took the post in a light-hearted manner, with more than one suggesting Batman star Ben should have changed his name to Ben Lopez. JLo (or JAff?) and Ben eloped in a secret ceremony on Saturday, after getting engaged in April for the second time. Back in 2002, the Marry Me star and Gone Girl actor got engaged and planned to tie the knot at Ben’s 87-acre property in Savannah, Georgia. Sadly they called off their wedding in 2003 and went on to split a year later, citing pressure from the huge public interest in their relationship as part of the reason. In her announcement to fans that she and Ben had finally tied the knot 20 years later, Jennifer wrote: ‘We did it. Love is beautiful. Love is kind. ‘And it turns out love is patient. Twenty years patient. ‘Exactly what we wanted. Last night we flew to Vegas, stood in line for a licence with four other couples, all making the same journey to the wedding capital of the world. Behind us two men held hands and held each other.’ She continued: ‘They were right when they said, “all you need is love”. We are so grateful to have that in abundance, a new wonderful family of five amazing children and a life that we have never had more reason to look forward to.’ Jen recently revealed she hopes to ‘build a family’ with the actor, with both stars already having children from previous marriages. Ben has three children, who he shares with ex-wife Jennifer Garner – Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Samuel, 10. Meanwhile, Jennifer has her twins, Emme and Maximillian, 14, who she shares with Marc Anthony. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck’s ‘wedding party location’ has sweet link to couple’s first engagement MORE : Jennifer Lopez up and at it as she heads to dance studio in first photos since marrying Ben Affleck in Las Vegas