Let’s be clear: there’s no scientific evidence that the Moon’s various happenings can impact your life – much in the same way that there’s no peer-reviewed evidence to back up reading your horoscope every morning. This can mean that saying your mood is driven by the Moon can get you some odd looks. But here’s what we reckon: if you believe the Moon could affect how you feel and want to explore that, you’re not doing anyone any harm – so go for it. View it all as a bit of fun; something you can enjoy diving into, rather than starting to worry that the Moon’s state destines you to a rubbish day. Serving as our guide to this realm is Leah Shoman, a crystal energy healer. ‘Although there isn’t direct evidence that cycles of the Moon can affect your mood, there are many theories on why they do,’ Leah tells Metro.co.uk. ‘One of those theories is representative of the moon’s gravitational pull and its control over the tides – tidal force. As our human bodies are comprised of 70% water, the theory states that the moon’s gravitational pull can also affect us similarly in our emotional bodies. ‘In conjunction to moon phases, the transits occurring astrologically also play a big role in our moods. ‘Each moon cycle has its own specific purpose, so I’m going to go through these phases and discuss a bit more in depth on what could come up for you during those times.’ The New Moon is the beginning of every lunar cycle, when the Moon and Sun are in the same position and thus we can’t see it with the naked eye from Earth. As you might expect, this is the stage associated with new beginnings and renewal – ‘and is a time when you can tap into and harness its potential and momentum where you’re feeling stagnant or simply want to call in new desires,’ says Leah. ‘It is the most potent time to begin planting the seeds for your manifestations and watch them flourish and blossom,’ Leah adds. ‘During the New Moon phase, I like to use crystals that amplify energies, assist with manifestation and inspire creativity.’ ‘During the waxing crescent Moon phase, you will see a crescent illuminated on the right-hand side, laying almost directly in line with the Sun and Earth,’ Leah explains. ‘You can feel this energy building and exploding outward for the collective to harness. ‘The waxing crescent Moon is a potent time to take the seeds you planted during the new moon and start making plans to see these seeds sprout into your tangible manifestations and visions by the end of the 28-day lunar cycle. ‘By harnessing the energies of the waxing crescent moon and infusing them into your crystalline beings, you will give your crystals a specific task and frequency to focus on to help you carry out your manifestations and visions. ‘Cleansing, charging and programming your crystals is a beautiful thing to do during this phase every month.’ The first Quarter Moon occurs at – you guessed it – a quarter of the way through the lunar cycle. If you’re thinking in Jaffa Cake terms, the Moon at this stage actually looks like a half Moon from Earth, rather than a quarter. Astrologists believe that this period can be a bit… rocky. ‘This can be an integral time to see the intentions you set during the new moon start to form, and you may be feeling as if you’re hitting some challenges or hiccups now along this journey,’ Leah says. ‘Just remember, don’t allow yourself to feel defeated during this specific phase. You are being sent these tasks and challenges to see if you’re truly open and ready to receive the manifestations you’re asking for from the universe. ‘This is your time to sit and meditate even more deeply, reflect on how you will make it through these challenges you’re facing, and to take inspired action. ‘This time can feel stressful and bring about anxiety, so it is prudent to remain fluid in the decisions that you make and be gentle to yourself. ‘Carve some time out to use your crystals to release any stress or anxiety you may be harbouring, so that when you are met with these bumps in the road, you can remain aligned with your visions and intentions from the new moon seeds you planted.’ ‘The Waxing Gibbous Moon phase is a time of great healing energy, encouraging you to look inward to see what you need to work on internally and emotionally,’ Leah tells us. ‘What can and what are you willing to leave behind to move forward in your healing, expansion and ascension? What blockages need clearing? How are you able to better make ego-less, conscious, intuitive and soul-aligned decisions that will honour your higher self and highest good? ‘To get the crystal-clear answers from the universe, first you must clear your mind. I mean really let your conscious mind take a back seat. ‘I understand completely how this can seem like a daunting task, but that’s why Mother Earth gave us the beautiful gift of crystalline energy to assist us. ‘We want to use these crystals to help us achieve mental clarity and also connect us deeply with our innate intuitive nature. ‘Once we have come back to this connection, we can receive the guidance we have been searching for.’ A heads up, in case you’re curious: Gibbous simply means that the Moon is at a stage where its illuminated (visible) part is greater than a semicircle but less than a full circle. You know this one – the Full Moon is when you can see the full circle of the Moon from Earth. This, Leah reckons, is a time to let go of things that don’t serve you. You might feel a bit of an emotional release. She explains: ‘Not only can you access the full moon’s energy on the day she is fully illuminated, but these energies linger for three days prior and three days after. ‘During this time, you can release what is no longer in service for you and your energy. It is also a time to reflect back on what has come to pass and to give thanks and gratitude, as you would have gone through transformations leading up to this cycle. ‘Since the Full Moon is a representation of completion and carries a lot of big, sometimes heavy energies, I am called to work with emotionally supportive, protective, nurturing and healing crystals to keep you grounded and assist with your release. ‘Through this release comes your spiritual growth.; The waxing Gibbous Moon happens in the last quarter of the Moon’s cycle – and it’s the time to feel gratitude. ‘This is a time to look inward, reflect and offer your gratitude,’ Leah says. ‘You have spent the last weeks tending to your seeds and visions, infusing your crystalline helpers with energies for a future soul-aligned path you wish to see yourself on at the end of the lunar cycle. ‘Feel into this love and abundance you are sowing and spread that feeling to your loved ones by giving back – whether it be by lending a helping hand where it is needed or by offering your time in service to others. These are all the energetics of gratitude. ‘Your expression of gratitude breeds more abundance, and so the beautiful, cyclical nature of gratitude will return to you tenfold. Leah says: ‘The last Quarter Moon can be a somewhat tumultuous time to move through, as you are feeling the final effects of the Full Moon and heading into another New Moon, which can create some tensions internally. ‘Old baggage, emotional wounding and ego can come forth to try and slow you down, but we won’t let that happen. ‘Acknowledge what has come forward and tweak your journey accordingly. ‘Start to question what in this suitcase of baggage isn’t necessary for you to bring with you. Start to question what addictions or bad habits will not and do not serve your highest good and do not need to come along as a passenger in your next New Moon journey. ‘Habits are hard to break, that’s why it’s called a habit – it’s habitual – and it’s a ritual that doesn’t help you reach your highest potential. We want to replace these habitual addictions or bad habits that raise your vibration. ‘So, don’t feel defeated or downtrodden during this phase or beat yourself up over the past – this is an opportunity for further growth and expansion. ‘Instead, offer yourself the love, kindness and forgiveness you deserve. The Dark Moon is at the end of the lunar cycle, when again there is zero illumination of the Moon – so you can’t see it. Leah says this is the most important phase. ‘The Dark Moon is the end of the lunar cycle where we integrate all the knowledge we gained, observe the tests and trials we went through and finally rest to experience true growth,’ she notes. ‘If we don’t take this important time to hit pause and rest, then we cannot fully integrate the experiences and wisdom we gained. ‘This integration is key to your recovery mentally, physically and emotionally. ‘Remember, it’s just a phase and be gentle with yourself during times you feel heightened emotions as it will pass.’ Leah Shoman is an intuitive crystal healer and the author of new book Crystal Rituals By The Moon: Raising Your Vibration Through Every Lunar Cycle, published by Rockpool Publishing on July 21 2022, priced at £18.99. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Planetary and astrological baby names are the latest trend – here are the best MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you MORE : Full Moon in Capricorn asks you about your responsibilities – what to expect for your star sign