Former world No.1 and Great Britain’s tennis hero Andy Murray has revealed that his career is coming to an end. The two-time Wimbledon champion, who also won the US Open in 2012, is currently ranked world No.52 and lost two ATP Tour finals this year. He has struggled with injury consistently for the last five years and crashed out in the second round of Wimbledon 2022 to American big-hitter John Isner. Murray, who also won Olympic gold for Great Britain in 2012 and 2016, is currently in action at the Hall of Fame Open in Rhode Island. The 35-year-old is seeded sixth at the event and beat Sam Querrey in the first round on Tuesday as he prepares for the US Open, which starts in August. ‘You never know how close you are to the end but I’m aware I’m getting towards the end of my career,’ he said after the match. ‘So I want to make the most of every match in every tournament I get to play.’ Murray started the year outside the top 130 and wants to play as much as possible at the moment to build up points and climb the world rankings. ‘That’s a big goal of mine these next few weeks,’ Murray added. ‘I’ve been playing better the last few months. ‘But if you want to have deep runs in the biggest tournaments it does help to have a seeding so I’ll try my best to do that. ‘One match closer [now]. Hoping for a good run here.’ Meanwhile, Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic recently expressed his desire to reunite with Murray along with Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal at The O2 in London. Murray, Federer and Nadal are set to compete at the Laver Cup in September – an indoor team competition – and Djokovic was asked about reforming the Big Four. ‘It would be very unique,’ the Serbian said. ‘It is a possibility. My agent has communication with the Laver Cup team. ‘We have an agreement that there will be a decision after Wimbledon. ‘Laver Cup is the only competition where you can have all the big rivals, the big three, big four players joining in the same team.’ MORE : Andy Murray reacts to Wimbledon exit and explains major injury dilemma MORE : Nick Kyrgios reveals locker room chat with Andy Murray about underarm serve For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 