The cost of living crisis doesn’t have to cancel your summer. Across the country, there are free and low-cost events to enjoy – from live music to practical classes. The Arts Council has shared some of the best options coming up this month and next with Metro.co.uk. And with a mix of orchestras, children’s activities, art galleries and more, there’s bound to be something for everyone to enjoy without breaking the bank. From 24 July Part of the Birmingham 2022 Commonwealth Games, Anthem Anthem Revolution is an interactive sport and music event taking place in July that will see children and young people battle a table tennis robot to create a new song. Each time a participant successfully returns the ball, a new musical element will be added until the song is complete. Find out more here. 22 – 31 July. Free. Brixton Chamber Orchestra’s 22-piece orchestra will be playing a mixture of music, from grime and classical to disco and swing (and everything in between) – all for free at housing estates across the London Borough of Lambeth. BCO is supported through the Arts Council’s National Lottery Project Grants programme. Find out more here. Various dates. Various prices, including free and £2 events. Guests can enjoy a mix of classes on offer here, including creative collage workshops, bracelet crafting and pom-pom making sessions. For those who want to admire rather than make, there are exhibitions on too. Find out more here. 22 July – 24 July. Free. This three-day festival of groundbreaking creative experiences and works by D/deaf, disabled and neurodiverse artists, is presented by the Mayor of London. Head to Lewisham in south east London for this one. Find out more here. 23 July. Free. Head to Sutton Bridge for a session with respected carver Peter Tree to celebrate the area’s unique characteristics. Find out more here. 24 July For those not clued-up, this is a day-long family rave at the Horniman Museum Gardens. There will be famed London DJs and – alongside the music and dancing – food, bars, craft activities, storytelling, bubbles, balloons, playdough and foam. Find out more here. Various dates. Expect a series of free and low cost arts events – including public art installations, African drummers and children’s poetry – at Birmingham 2022 Festival. This coincides with the 2022 Commonwealth Games, and is supported by Arts Council England. Find out more here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the most thrilling events for families across the UK this summer MORE : These are the biggest events in London this week as the capital celebrates Ice Cream Day MORE : What’s on in London this week: From the First Night of the Proms to Sister Act