Mohamed Salah has signed a new long-term contract with Liverpool, extending his stay at the club until 2025. The Egyptian was heading into his final year of his contract at Anfield, but has now signed a new deal keeping him at Liverpool for another three seasons. The 30-year-old had previously confirmed that he would not be leaving the club this summer, but now appears to have committed the rest of his peak years to the Reds. ‘I feel great and [I am] excited to win trophies with the club. It’s a happy day for everyone,’ he said. ‘It takes a little bit of time, I think, to renew, but now everything is done so we just need to focus on what’s next. ‘I think you can see in the last five or six years the team was always going [upwards]. Last season we were close to winning four, but unfortunately in the last week of the season we lost two trophies. ‘I think we are in a good position to fight for everything. We have new signings as well. We just need to keep working hard, have a good vision, be positive and go for everything again. ‘My message [to the fans] is the players in the team want to give our best next season to try to win all the trophies. ‘As usual, you stay behind us and give us a big push and I am sure we are going to win trophies again [together].’ Salah has been incredibly consistent in his excellence since arriving from Roma in 2017, scoring 156 goals in 254 appearances, with Liverpool winning the Champions League, Premier League, FA Cup and League Cup in that time. He scored 31 goals in 51 appearances last season, exactly the same as his previous campaign, although he has not been able to replicate the immense return of 44 goals in his debut season with the Reds. After the departure of Sadio Mane to Bayern Munich this summer, Liverpool have lost the fabled front three that won them the Premier League and Champions League under Jurgen Klopp, but the German is now building a new forward line. Salah will remain the main man, but he is now joined by Darwin Nunez and Luis Diaz, while Diogo Jota and Firmino will also expect to be involved regularly. MORE : Liverpool reject Nottingham Forest bid for Neco Williams as they hold out for £15m MORE : Liverpool told to consider two Jude Bellingham midfield alternatives by former Anfield defender For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 