Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag wants to bring in a new striker this summer and the club are considering raiding Brentford for a second time this summer, according to reports. The Red Devils have something of a predicament up front, with Cristiano Ronaldo having requested a transfer leaving Anthony Martial – who spent the second half of last season on loan at Sevilla – as the only other option. United are still hoping to persuade Ronaldo to stay, but, regardless of what happens with the 37-year-old, Ten Hag is keen to bolster his strike force. The Dutch coach had reportedly tried to hijack old club Ajax’s move to sign Brian Brobbey on a permanent deal from RB Leipzig, but the young forward wants to return to Amsterdam. United will therefore need to explore other options and, according to The Mirror, have added Brentford frontman Ivan Toney to their list of potential targets. The 26-year-old, who is open to leaving the west London club this summer, has ‘caught the eye’ of United and they are keeping tabs on his situation. Toney – who netted 12 Premier League goals and laid on five assists last season – lined up alongside another of United’s summer signings, Christian Eriksen, during the Dane’s short stint at Brentford. The Bees had hoped to convince Eriksen to extend his stay but he was persuaded to move to Old Trafford by Ten Hag. Toney and Eriksen struck up a good relationship during their brief time playing together, with the pair looking particularly threatening on set-pieces. United could face some serious competition for Toney, however, with Newcastle, West Ham and Leeds all also keen to prise him away from Brentford. Thomas Frank would be extremely reluctant to lose Toney, particularly having already lost Eriksen, but Brentford are expecting to receive at least one bid for the forward before the window closes. Right now, United are working to secure their third signing of the summer in the form of Lisandro Martinez, who has already undergone a medical and agreed personal terms but is just waiting for a visa. A deal for Frenkie de Jong is proving rather more problematic even though United have agreed a fee with Barcelona, with the Dutch midfielder reluctant to swap Camp Nou for Old Trafford. MORE : Brian Brobbey rejects Erik ten Hag and Manchester United to return to Ajax MORE : Erik ten Hag sends message to Manchester United board over Frenkie de Jong transfer delay For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 