Fans paying close attention to Will Byers in Stranger Things have speculated about his sexuality for years, and now actor Noah Schnapp has confirmed he is gay ahead of season 5. Many characters in the Netflix phenomenon have spent the series experiencing their first relationships, while Will has always remained single and has mostly resisted those kinds of developments. During a pivotal scene in season 4, Will indirectly confessed his feelings for Mike before breaking down in tears. This led to several fans speculating that Will had been in love with Mike (Finn Wolfhard) for quite some time. And now Noah Schnapp, who has played Will ever since the series premiered in 2016, has confirmed his character’s feelings for Mike. ‘It’s pretty clear this season that Will has feelings for Mike’, he told Variety. ‘They’ve been intentionally pulling that out over the past few seasons’. He continued: ‘Even in season 1, they hinted at that and slowly, slowly grew that storyline’. Back in May, Schnapp and co-star Millie Bobby Brown, who plays Eleven on the show, shut down any speculation about Will’s sexuality. He told Variety: ‘I feel like [the writers] never really address it or blatantly say how Will is. That’s the beauty of it, that it’s just up to the audience’s interpretation’. Scnhapp’s latest comments, which arrived two weeks after season four’s finale, mark a huge change from how Will’s sexuality has been discussed previously. ‘I think for season 4, it was just me playing this character who loves his best friend but struggles with knowing if he’ll be accepted or not’. Schnapp that explained that Will feels like a ‘mistake’ and worries that he doesn’t belong, before confirming that he has always felt this way. Fans have speculated about Will’s sexuality ever since he shared a tense conversation with Mike back in season 3. During the back-and-forth, Mike blurted out that ‘It’s not [his] fault [Will doesn’t] like girls’ and thousands of fans began theorising. More clues have been dropped into the show ever since – with Will choosing to celebrate Alan Turing during a class presentation. All will be revealed in season 5, which is set to hit Netflix in 2024. Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things’ Noah Schnapp reveals how Doja Cat reacted to his apology over sharing her DMs MORE : Metallica’s Master of Puppets enters Billboard chart for first time after Stranger Things success 