A woman has shared how she transformed her dated, drab bathroom into a beautiful oasis for less than £170. When Jess, 28, from Gateshead, moved into her home, renovating the bathroom and incorporating some of her trademark 70s style was a priority. The DIY buff set about giving the room a renovation, but had her work cut out for her, needing to stick to a tight budget. ‘It was so dull and hadn’t been updated for 15 years,’ Jess said. ‘We didn’t have the money to rip it out right away so decided to do a really budget upgrade. ‘We spent less than £175 in total and it’s made such a huge difference to the room.’ Jess used tile paint, spray paint, stick-on floor tiles, MDF pieces and old paint from another project to add to loud pops of colour, with patterned black-and-white flooring and orange walls. She also purchased a mirrored wall unit and a matte black toilet seat to complete the look, spending a total of £168. Speaking about her favourite part of the transformation, Jess said: ‘We created a new bath panel out of just a sheet of MDF and some paint. ‘It’s changed how the bathroom looks so much and is such an upgrade on the yellowed plastic panel that was in before.’ Sticking to the budget, Jess decided to keep all the existing fixtures, such as the taps, towel radiators, the shower screen, the shower head, flushers and the bath. Jess said: ‘We just upcycled the existing fixings all by spraying them matte black, it was a relatively easy process and has given them a new lease of life.’ When it comes to transforming spaces, Jess advises researching into products – especially crucial when on a budget. Speaking to MyLocalToolbox, Jess added: ‘Sometimes cheapest doesn’t mean best but also most expensive doesn’t necessarily mean it’s better either. ‘Just try it, at the end of the day it’s probably just some paint and stick-on bits – if you don’t like it you can just change it. ‘I always like to create mood boards, either physical or digital ones to help with my vision.’ Jess likes to have a mash up of different styles in her home, with her bathroom being her current favourite. She said: ‘My home is a mix of maximalist and minimalist, and full of 70s colours. ‘I’m really inspired by 70s interiors and look to bring that into my home whether it’s through colours, furniture, or finishings.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mysteries of the middle aisle: How and why do products end up as Aldi and Lidl deals – and are they worth buying? MORE : How to work from your garden in a heatwave