A woman has shared a hack to recreate £50 designer bowls for less than £10. And all you need to do is melt old records in the oven. Frances Simmons, 39, first saw the trend on Pinterest and Instagram for wavy, scalloped bowls but wasn’t too impressed by the £50 price tag. So, she decided to try a DIY version using a £1 record from a charity shop, and £8 spray paint from Wickes. After turning on her oven to the lowest setting, she popped in a Pyrex bowl upside down, and then placed the record on top, leaving it in for three minutes while it melted. The content creator had a minute to bend the PVC into shape by hand before it set and covered it in primer she already had at home. She finished by spray painting the creation. Frances uploaded the cleve hack to her Instagram (@100yearsinthemaking) and it has racked up an incredible 1.9million views on the platform. People online were in awe of the hack and called it ‘utterly genius.’ ‘Whenever I see these things on really nice interiors accounts, I’m always thinking about how I can make it for less,’ Frances said. ‘We don’t have loads of money and I’ve always had a bit of expensive taste – I can smell the most expensive thing in the shop. ‘Everything on my account is all to do with getting that high-cost look for less. ‘I’ve seen lots of scallops and ruffles recently that I’ve really liked and I saw this on an American account – I often look on Pinterest or Instagram accounts. ‘I really liked the idea and thought it would work perfectly in our living room if I made it a bit more textured.’ She continued: ‘I put my oven on the lowest temperature it would go – I’ve seen since if you put it up too high on the oven it can release fumes so I just kept it on the absolute lowest setting. ‘Mine was in there for about three minutes before it was soft enough, I put it upside down on a Pyrex bowl so I knew it was soft enough when it started to droop at the sides. ‘As I was moulding it into shape, I could feel it getting stiffer again – you don’t have long, maybe about a minute, to mould it into shape and then it’s completely solid again. ‘I used a textured spray paint on the one I made and I used a BIN primer underneath – anything the primer sticks to, the paint will stick to the primer. ‘The hole is still in the middle and I’m debating filling it with some filler. ‘I’ve got it in the living room – I keep moving it around, I like it in lots of different spots and it hasn’t found it’s home yet I don’t think.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : Savvy mum who transformed kitchen for £57 shares five hacks for updating homes on a budget MORE : Woman shares ‘genius’ hack to get around 100ml liquid rule at airport