The X Factor revival is reportedly set to return on Channel 5, weeks after claims Simon Cowell was rebooting the show five years since it last aired. The annual talent series – which saw a number of rotating stars on the judging panel including Robbie Williams, Cheryl, Gary Barlow, Nicole Scherzinger, Sharon Osbourne, and Louis Walsh – was scrapped by ITV in July 2021. At its peak, the programme delivered some iconic moments from Beyonce performing with Alexandra Burke, the birth of One Direction, and who can forget about Jedward. And now, it could be back – but not on the channel we’re used to. According to reports, Simon has struck a deal with Channel 5, as a source said: ‘As soon as X-Factor was up for grabs, there was interest from a number of the networks.’ The insider continued to The Daily Star: ‘X-Factor is one of the most iconic shows in TV history, so it’s no surprise lots of channels were keen. The production company had their pick. ‘After a lot of meetings, execs decided to go with Channel 5.’ The publication also reported that a source had claimed the new X Factor revival would ‘become Channel 5’s most-watched show’. The news follows reports that the media mogul was planning on reviving the singing contest in 2023. The final edition of X Factor aired in 2018, marking 14 consecutive years on air, before two spin-off series in 2019. Dalton Harris was crowned the winner of that series, following in the legacies of James Arthur, Leona Lewis and Little Mix. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Channel 5, The X Factor and Simon Cowell’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon calls out ‘creepy stalker’ for taking sneaky pictures of her and friends on hen do: ‘Why is it necessary?’ MORE : X Factor’s Tom Mann ‘still in shock’ as he speaks on death of fiancee on wedding day: ‘It’s difficult to feel anything other than sadness’ 