Josh Samuel Le Grove and Coco Lodge have left the Love Island villa after receiving the fewest amount of votes from the public. Six guys and six girls were left vulnerable on Thursday night after the voting was revealed, but ultimately, it was Josh and Coco packing their suitcases. Andrew Le Plage, Deji Adeniyi, and Josh were at risk out of the boys, and Coco, Summer Botwe and Tasha Ghouri were bottom of the vote out of the girls, with Tasha left in floods of tears afterwards, stating that her confidence had been knocked after being in the bottom three a few times now. ‘I knew that was coming, I don’t know how,’ Josh said as his name was announced by Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu, Coco, however, seemed to expect the news, assuring other girls that she was ‘ok’ after learning that she would be the next to be dumped. One person who didn’t take the news so well, though, was Billy Brown, a fellow Casa Amor bombshell who referred to Josh as his ‘best mate’ in the villa. He told cameras afterwards: ‘Me and Josh, we had a strong friendship. The two weeks I’ve been with him feels like years. He was my best mate in her.’ The guys shared a hug, with Billy visibly emotional as he told Josh: ‘I’ll see you soon, brother.’ Gemma Owen was quick to comfort Coco as the gang said their goodbyes, telling her: ‘You got this.’ Speaking in the beach hut after the pair bid farewell to the villa, Turkish actress Ekin-Su described Coco as ‘cheeky’ and ‘a lovely girl’, saying she will ‘miss her presence around the villa’. Accepting her fate, Coco told the gals: ‘I’ve accepted it, I think it was the right time for me. There’s no one in here for me,’ before joking later on that she will be waiting for boys to slide into her DMs when she gets home. Summer – who was saved by her fellow Islanders after coming bottom of the votes last time – was emotional to see both her fellow Casa Amor pals leave, as she’d ‘started to build a connection’ with Josh, and he and Coco were ‘two of the most important people in here to me’. Coco thanked the girls for welcoming her with open arms, while Josh brushed off his departure: ‘It’s not too deep’. Out of the two dumped Islanders, it was probably Coco who made the biggest impact, as she shared intimate details of a moment with Andrew from Casa Amor. Her revelation led to a bust up between him and Tasha, but the pair eventually got back on track and exchanged ‘I love you’s and became boyfriend and girlfriend officially. Coco also doesn’t wish she’d done anything differently during her time in the villa, saying in her exit interview: ‘I was genuine to me so I can’t really regret anything.’ On whether there’s any bad blood between her and Andrew after their drama, she assured that there’s no animosity. ‘I still think he took things a bit far with me, however, I do understand when someone has a hold over you like Tasha has a hold over him, you can’t forget them,’ she said. ‘As soon as that person comes back it’s hard to want to pursue both when you have such strong feelings for someone because you’ve known them a lot longer. ‘I don’t have any bad blood towards him but I do wish maybe things were handled a bit differently and it didn’t go as deep with us in Casa. It is what it is and we’re cool.’ As for Josh – whose connection with Danica Taylor fizzled out pretty quickly – he admitted he’s open to dating Summer on the outside, but also wishes he tamed his ‘immature side’ before getting to know Danica. ‘I feel like I slipped back into my old ways and got scared and then tried to pursue something else. I feel like maybe I could have given it a better shot and then decided but I feel like although it turned out the way it did, it was a good lesson,’ he said. ‘I made some really good friends and learnt some really good lessons so I would say it was a really good experience.’ Love Island continues Sunday at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Episodes are available the following morning on BritBox. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island producer sets record straight on rumours Jacques was asked to leave show MORE : Love Island final date ‘confirmed’ – and there’s not long left 