Just Stop Oil protesters have glued themselves to a sixteenth century painting at London’s Royal Academy in protest against climate inaction. Campaigners glued their hands to the frame of a copy of Leonardo Da Vinci’s The Last Supper, attributed to one of the artist’s pupils, Giampietrino. The group have been targeting the art world to pressure it into doing more to address the climate crisis and the continued production of fossil fuels. Protesters said they chose The Last Supper because people around the world are currently experiencing a food crisis caused in part by rising global temperatures. Jessica Agar, 21 an art student from Hereford said: ‘No sculpture can feed babies starving because extreme heat killed food crops. Nurses are lining up outside food banks, not galleries. ‘If the directors of this gallery really believe that art has the power to change the world then I demand that they claim that power, close and refuse to open until the government commits to no new oil.’ Five activists stuck themselves to the frame of the painting on Tuesday morning, after spraying ‘no new oil’ on the wall below it. Within minutes of the stunt, security guards ushered visitors and journalists out of the room and called the police. On Monday two students glued themselves onto the frame of John Constable’s the Hay Wain at the National Gallery, Just Stop Oil said. It followed three days of similar protests across London, Glasgow and Manchester last week. Just Stop Oil are calling for the government to commit to immediately halting new oil and gas licenses in the UK and for the directors, employees and members of art institutions to join the Just Stop Oil coalition in peaceful civil resistance. This is a developing news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.  