Britney Spears has shared a video of herself singing her 1998 classic hit Baby One More Time but has added some more grown-up lyrics. ‘I haven’t shared my voice in an extremely long time… maybe too long,’ Spears wrote on Instagram. Alongside the footage, she sings acapella and gives her lyrics an explicit do-over, belting out: ‘Give me a f**king sign, hit me baby one more time.’ She added in the caption: ‘Well I have asked for what I wanted for 14 years… a different version of “Baby”’. The recently wed 40-year-old then went on to call out a familiar sticking point: a performance at the 2017 Radio Disney Music Awards that was meant to be a tribute to her career, performed by her sister Jamie Lynn Spears alongside Kelsea Ballerini, Hailee Steinfeld and Sofia Carson. Britney claims she wasn’t allowed to remix her songs as her team forbade it, but others were, she says. ‘But as the TEAM said NO and serves me with 4 girls, my sister included, doing a 5 minute version of 4 remixed songs to a T not even having to give effort or dance … just shot it beautifully and the sound was NEW !!! ‘They ruined it for me, embarrassed me and made me feel like absolutely nothing !!!” she wrote. “The truth is a f**king b***h!!!’ she wrote. The caption also references her conservatorship which she vowed not to stop talking about, regardless of her newfound freedom, and it seems the star won’t be in a rush to record new material anytime soon. ‘You say go do it NOW after 14 years of asking and telling … I worked my a** off then I was locked up in one place … It’s too late … Like I said, they ruined it for me.’ Her father, Jamie Spears, has been ordered by a judge to sit for a deposition within the next 30 days. Judge Brenda Penny has also ordered that Jamie, 70, produce all the documents requested by the singer’s team relating to alleged electronic surveillance she was under during her conservatorship. The order came during a hearing in Los Angeles on Wednesday after Jamie claimed that all allegations he spied on his daughter using secret recording devices hidden in her bedroom are ‘false’. While Britney campaigned to have her conservatorship removed last year, shocking allegations emerged claiming Jamie had hired a security firm to keep her under surveillance, reportedly bugging her bedroom to record her private conversations. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britney Spears hits out at documentaries made about her life and accuses America of ‘humiliating’ her: ‘I have never felt more bullied’ MORE : Britney Spears hits out at documentaries made about her life and accuses America of ‘humiliating’ her: ‘I have never felt more bullied’ 