Tom Parker’s widow has shared how bittersweet their daughter’s third birthday was as it also marked three months since the singer died. The Wanted star had died in March at the age of 33 after battling a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour since 2020. Kelsey Parker, 32, took to Instagram to share a series of touching photos and video clips of Tom with their daughter Aurelia as she marked her third birthday. She wrote alongside them: ‘Well my babygirl is 3 and it’s been 3 months since we lost Tom – two big milestones. ‘3 years with our amazing Rae has absolutely flown by but I can’t remember life without her here. 3 months without Tom has felt like a lifetime but yet it feels like only yesterday he was here with me.’ Kelsey added: ‘Life is cruel and amazing, hard, yet magical and everything inbetween. Happy Birthday babygirl, may all your wishes comes true.’ As well as Aurelia, the couple, who married in 2018, also share son one-year-old son Bodhi, who Kelsey was heavily pregnant with when Tom’s brain cancer was diagnosed. Tom’s mother, Noreen Parker, has also announced a charity walk in Tom’s honour in his hometown of Bolton to continue his work raising awareness and vital funds for brain tumours. She told BBC North West Tonight: ‘He wanted to do as much as he could to make people aware there is little funding.’ Noreen added that Tom’s treatment had been ‘so traumatic’, but he focused on wanting to help others going through similar situations. ‘It has been incredible to know how much he touched other people,’ she revealed. ‘I am so proud of him because he had such dignity through all of the illness.’ The 5k walk will take place in Bolton on July 31 and map out many of the places that were part of Tom’s life as he grew up, starting at his primary school. The money raised will go to Ahead of the Game Foundation, whose team helped Tom after he was diagnosed. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker’s widow says The Wanted star was ‘waiting for Dame Deborah James with a glass of something special’ in heartbreaking tribute MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey plans to turn his ashes into jewellery to keep him close to their hearts 