The Met Office has extended its extreme heat weather warning into next week and says some people are at risk of serious illness or death. A rare amber alert for extreme heat was issued yesterday for large parts of the UK for Sunday. Met Office forecasters have now extended the warning into Monday as Brits face temperatures exceeding 40°C. This would be a new record, with the UK’s current highest temperature of 38.7°C set in July 2019. As well as putting lives at risk, they say the blistering heat could result in road closures, along with rail and air cancellations. Forecasters warn that ‘substantial’ changes to people’s working practices and daily routines will be needed to keep them safe. Scorching temperatures could also disrupt electricity, gas and water supplies, and lead to ‘widespread impacts on people and infrastructure’. The extreme heat warning applies to the East Midlands, East of England, South East England, North East England, North West England, South West England, Wales, West Midlands and Yorkshire & Humber. The Met Office’s warning reads: ‘Exceptionally high temperatures are possible during Sunday and Monday and could lead to widespread impacts on people and infrastructure. ‘What to expect: Population-wide adverse health effects are likely to be experienced, not limited to those most vulnerable to extreme heat, leading to potential serious illness or danger to life. ‘Government advice is that 999 services should be used in emergencies only; seek advice from 111 if you need non-emergency health advice.’ Network Rail has warned speed restrictions are likely to be in place this week on some parts of the network most affected by the hot weather. Yesterday train tracks on Battersea Bridge, southwest London, caught fire after a stray spark ignite the beams in very dry conditions. Temperatures hit 32°C in Northolt, west London, yesterday – not quite passing this year’s record high of 32.7°C, taken at Heathrow on June 17. Fire services have urged people to have picnics instead of barbecues during the warm weather after a spate of grass fires. The AA Driving School and RAC meanwhile said motorists should carry water with them, start their journeys earlier in the day, plan their routes and check their vehicles before setting off. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.