A dog was neglected so badly that is thought to have eaten part of its own tail in desperation. Whippet-lurcher cross Poppy, two, was finally taken to the vet after she was so emaciated she could barely stand, and was covered in lesions. Her owner Kyla Martin, 31, said her pet had lost a lot of weight over one to two weeks – but refused to pay for blood tests and said she would rather Poppy was put to sleep than treated. The vet then called the RSPCA, who took Poppy into their care in January. RSPCA inspector Natalie Perehovsky said: ‘It was clear from Poppy’s grave condition that she had not been receiving appropriate care for some time.’ Martin admitted that she had not taken Poppy to the vet earlier because she couldn’t afford it. ‘We would always urge people who are in financial difficulty to reach out for help as there are many organisations who can offer support,’ Natalie said. A second vet who examined Poppy on January 13 said: ‘The most significant and dramatic changes affected Poppy’s skin. ‘Due to poor muscle mass, the skin over all her bony elements (mostly pelvis) was lacerated and the tip of the tail was missing. ‘It’s not clear whether the tail injury happened due to trauma or was self-inflicted (due to extreme hunger) and the coccygeal vertebrae (the bone insidethe tail) was exposed. ‘The most obvious abnormality was a large abscess on Poppy’s back, over her thoracic spine. ‘This was about 5cm in diameter, filled with fluid and uncomfortable when touched. The skin in the abscess area was necrotic.’ North Staffordshire Justice Centre heard Poppy had a body condition score of just one out of nine – the lowest level of emaciation. Natalie said: ‘I have no doubt that Poppy experienced unnecessary suffering, as a consequence of her owner’s neglect and insufficient care. ‘Poppy experienced hunger, lack of protection from danger (as she was exposed to other dogs that injured her) and lack of veterinary care. ‘There was no underlying health issue that could result in these changes.’ Martin, of Burslem in Staffordshire, admitted causing unnecessary suffering to Poppy. She was handed a 12-month community order and banned from keeping animals for three years last Thursday. Martin was also ordered to pay £600 in costs and two other dogs she owned were seized and are being rehomed. Poppy was cared for by Cheshire-based charity Alsager Animals in Need and she has since made a miracle recovery. The charity is now appealing for a kind owner to come forward to offer Poppy her forever home. Lisa Williams, assistant animal co-ordinator at the charity, said: ‘We were very concerned that Poppy wouldn’t make it through the night when she first came into our care, and she’s battled a number of other health issues since, including a perforated eardrum, two partial tail amputations, the removal of two cysts on her teats and on-going issues with her skin. ‘But throughout all of this she’s been the perfect patient and never complained once. ‘The light has really come back into her eyes and her loving temperament wins over everyone who meets her. ‘She loves being stroked and fussed, she’s just a real sweetheart.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.