How would you fancy being dragged on your mum or dad’s honeymoon? Well, that’s what happened to Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck’s kids! The couple are currently living in a love bubble after eloping in Las Vegas and surprising everyone by becoming husband and wife. Now, they’re spending some quality time together in the city of love – Paris, France. Joining them on their blissful trip is Seraphina, Ben’s 13-year-old daughter, and JLo’s 14-year-old daughter Emme, but we can’t say they looked thrilled to be there. Emme is a twin, whom the Love Don’t Cost A Thing singer shares with ex and singer-songwriter Marc Anthony, while Ben also fathers Violet, 16, and Samuel, 10. The Gone Girl actor shares his children with actress Jennifer Garner, whom he split from in 2015 after 10 years of marriage. His and JLo’s daughter were seen strolling behind the pair in the fashionable Marais district, with the group settling into life as a fully blended family. Pictures show the Batman star walking with his arm around his new wife, while engaged in conversation as they took in the sights. Their children took a leisurely pace at the back them, with a hilarious shot capturing them both wearing headphones and seemingly living every child’s nightmare. Fortunately, they weren’t nearby when Ben and Jen were packing on some serious PDA, smooching on a park bench while taking some time for themselves during their honeymoon. Soaking up every ounce of romance in their life at the moment, the couple perched on a bench and got to smooching, totally unbothered by any passers by. They proceeded to take a walk around the park, holding hands while Ben snapped his own personal pics of Jennifer with a pretty snazzy camera. Ben and Jennifer didn’t seem to be able to keep their hands off one another throughout the day, staying close while exploring, interlocking fingers and placing gentle kisses on the side of the other’s head. It’s safe to say they look happier than ever, with JLo in particular unable to wipe the beaming smile from her face. The Hustlers star looked stunning in a floral print maxi dress with short sleeves, which she paired with simple white flip flops and sunnies. She wore her hair in a high bun to keep it away from her face and carried a designer coral handbag that was certainly a statement accessory. As for husband Ben, he kept it casual in a blue ensemble, looking super relaxed in a shirt, navy trousers, and trainers. Jennifer, 52, and Ben, 49, were previously engaged to be married back in 2002, but called time on their romance in 2004. They reunited in May 2021 and Bennifer 2.0 became a thing, with Jen describing their surprise wedding as ‘the best possible wedding we could have imagined’. She’s also changed her name after walking down the aisle at the White Chapel, making the most casual announcement in an email to fans. ‘Love is a great thing, maybe the best of things-and worth waiting for’, she wrote, signing off with her new full name – Jennifer Lynn Affleck. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘So, how’s your evening?’: Jeremy Clarkson gloats about his glam French holiday with girlfriend Lisa Hogan MORE : Kylie Jenner encourages rumours she’s engaged to Travis Scott by flashing sparkler on her ring finger 