More than 900 firefighters have been deployed to get a massive wild fire in southern France under control. The blaze, in the country’s southern Gard region, started late on Thursday destroying 1,500 acres in the first 24 hours. Described by emergency responders as a ‘mega-fire’, the inferno was first reported near the village of Bordezac and forced people to be evacuated from nearby Besseges and other settlements. The local prefect’s office said around 100 people had to be put up in holiday homes and restaurants in the area, which is about 55 miles north of Montpellier and the Mediterranean coast. ‘I’ve been finding rooms for people and all the holiday homes are doing the same,’ said Regine Marchand, manager of a restaurant in nearby Aujac, on Thursday night. ‘We’ve made them pasta, people left quickly without bringing anything, but they’re keeping their spirits up, there’s a good atmosphere.’ Supported from the skies by 12 aircraft and two helicopters dumping water, firefighters lit backfires in a bid to slow the fire. By yesterday, homes were no longer in danger, with only a garage and a small hut damaged but there were warnings the blaze may not be brought under control until the weekend. ‘This fire is far from being done. There are fronts in hard-to-reach areas that we haven’t tackled and that are advancing freely,’ said Eric Agrinier, a senior member of the fire service. ‘It’s going to be a feat of endurance,’ he added later, warning the blaze may not be brought under control until Sunday because of unfavourable weather conditions. Southeast France has suffered a drought this year, increasing the risk of fires. During an unseasonable heatwave last month, around 600 hectares were burned in a fire started by shelling on an army artillery training range near the Mediterranean port city Marseille. Firefighters in the Bouches-du-Rhone region were called out to 35 outbreaks on Thursday, many of them close to inhabited areas. Four houses were destroyed near southern city Arles and 250 firefighters were called out to a brushfire in Saint-Mitre-les-Remparts. Although several other fires began in southern France on Thursday, most were put out before nightfall. The fire service said thousands of hectares of heavily wooded land were under threat, as winds gusting at up to 50 mph fanned the flames through the dried-out trees. Wind is ‘the worst enemy’ of firefighters, Lieutenant Colonel Agrinier said. The Gard region fire service said 13 firefighters had been slightly injured tackling the fire near Besseges. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.