Kate Middleton won a sailing race with Great Britain during a visit to the British SailGP Team during the Commonwealth Games. The Duchess of Cambridge took part in a special one-off friendly victory over New Zealand, watched by thousands in Plymouth. Kate was also teaching young people about sustainability on the visit  earlier today. She raced alongside Olympic gold medallist Sir Ben Ainslie on the GB team’s F50 catamaran in the event. Sir Ben said: ‘She’s a really good sailor in her own right, she has sailed with me on foiling boats as well and we’re expecting a little bit of extra help.’ The event, staged ahead of the official final events of the SailGP international sailing competition, saw endurance swimmer and environmentalist Lewis Pugh as a guest racer alongside Peter Burling and Blair Tuke in the rival Kiwi team. But Kate – who was visiting in her role as the patron of the 1851 Trust, the official charity of the Great Britain SailGP Team – sailed to victory with the rest of the British crew. The 1851 Trust helps youngsters aged 11-16 gain experience of careers in science, technology and engineering. Ahead of the race, Kate spoke to members of both teams and listened to how the SailGP vessels work. She appeared intrigued with the tour, although the time it took led to Sir Ben joking: ‘Come on, we’ve got a race to do, mate.’ Kate also met excited youngsters who told her how they were growing seagrass, and took part in educational tasks on sustainability. Carnegie Bedlow, 12, from St Helier in Jersey, said: ‘I was a little bit nervous but she did what I told her and she was very good. ‘She asked me if I was interested in sailing. ‘I do sailing camps in the summer, I love the ocean.’ It comes after Kate’s husband Prince William and their daughter Charlotte wished England’s Lionesses luck ahead of the Euro 2022 final against Germany at Wembley this evening. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Kate Middleton shows off photography skill for Camilla’s birthday magazine cover