An elderly Cardiff resident has hit out at the perpetrators of ‘an overnight job’, who he says stole protest signs from outside his house. Ewen Taylor is involved in an ongoing dispute with his neighbours which has brought him to national prominence, after accusing them of encroaching on his property by two inches with a new extension. The Grangetown local was fined £90 for criminal damage in September for drilling holes in the extension. The 87-year-old then began displaying messages outside his house criticising the family, who deny any encroachment on his property. Now some of those appear to have been stolen and damaged, Wales Online reports. The signs read: ‘You and your cowboy builder are thiefs [sic]’ and ‘Other councils take down illegle [sic] building work.’ Mr Taylor says he woke on Friday to find three of the wooden placards – which he had screwed to a wooden frame in his front garden – had disappeared. Two had been removed entirely and only a narrow strip of the third remained, he claimed, adding that a placard attached to his first-floor window was also taken. ‘They either used a ladder or they are very tall,’ he told the website. ‘Very tall indeed.’ It came after a similar incident on July 9 when a few other signs were allegedly taken. Speaking about the latest disappearance Mr Taylor said: ‘It was a real shock to think that somebody had been out here overnight on my property with a ladder stealing my signs. ‘That’s very annoying. In fact more than annoying.’ His neighbours – a married couple with four children aged eight to 20, extended their house in 2020, pushing back their bathroom to create more space in the dining room. Their builders knocked down the old garden wall and replaced it with one which Mr Taylor claims intrudes on his yard by around two inches. One of the family members said last month: ‘I have no idea why he thinks it is in his property. It is distressing, especially for my children. ‘They are embarrassed to go out when people ask questions about the signs.’ There is no suggestion the family were involved in Mr Taylor’s placards being removed or damaged. One of the signs – reading ‘do not like my signs tell the council’ – was torn in two and left outside Mr Taylor’s house. But he has since reattached the ripped board to a post and put up a new message which says: ‘Who used a ladder to steal my sign?’ Mr Taylor, who has lived in his home for 50 years, is unsure who is behind the sign removals – or what their motive might be. South Wales Police say there is no ‘ongoing’ investigation but officers will investigate if there is new information. The mum living next door last month told Wales Online: ‘Since we moved in 20 years ago [Mr Taylor] hasn’t talked to us. We hadn’t had an argument or anything. ‘[The protest] is the first time there’s been any confrontation. Cardiff council says there’s no need for a planning application for extensions of six metres and this was within six metres. Then after the work was finished [Mr Taylor] drilled straight through.’ Mr Taylor admits using a drill and hammer to make holes in the wall and says he peeled a strip of stucco off the building extension. Anyone with information about the removal of Mr Taylor’s signs can contact police by calling 111 quoting occurrence 2200228991. You can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : ‘Nightmare neighbour’ who changed title to Lady loses caravan court dispute