Sir Keir Starmer’s shock decision to fire his shadow transport minister for joining a rail picket line has been condemned by union leaders and the left. Sam Tarry was sacked after defying the Labour leader’s controversial ban on appearing at the demonstrations, despite the party’s long-held links with the trade union movement. The MP for Ilford South, who previously worked for the transport union TSSA, was pictured side by side with striking staff at London’s Euston station yesterday. In an interview with ITV, he said it was a ‘shame’ to be dismissed for ‘standing shoulder to shoulder’ with rail workers and his former colleagues. ‘The decision to go on strike today was a massive one,’ he said. ‘Often many of the workers were low paid people on £25,000 a year. ‘And I want to be part of a Labour Party and always stand up for a Labour Party that stands in solidarity with workers in their disputes wherever that may be.’ Mr Tarry added: ‘I think that we are going to really struggle to win the faith of the British people over the next few months and into general election when doctors go on strike, when nurses go on strike, when barristers and university lecturers.’ Adopting a hardline stance on striking, Sir Keir angered Labour’s left, who have questioned his leadership. Members have also accused him of causing further divisions within the party at a crucial time. Pictures of the leader joining a University and College Union (UCU) strike in 2019 have also resurfaced on social media. ‘Good to join UCO workers on the picket this morning,’ he tweeted just months before he was elected as Jeremy Corbyn’s replacement. ‘I support their demands for better pay and conditions. Solidarity to all those on strike.’ After the sacking of Mr Tarry, union bosses warned the party would be unable to win back Red Wall seats in a general election if it fails to ‘identify with working class people’s needs’. General secretary for TSSA Manuel Cortes said they were ‘ashamed’ of Labour and suggested it was ‘deluded’ to think the party could defeat the Tories without the support of union members. Mr Cortes said: ‘Sam is one of us. He grew up in the trade union movement and trade unionism is in his blood. ‘Sam did the right thing and stood shoulder to shoulder with rail workers striking for fairness and safety at work. ‘Whatever excuses Labour makes about the reasons for Sam being sacked, the reality is that he has shown solidarity with his class and we applaud him for that. ‘The Labour Party needs to wake up and smell the coffee. ‘If they think can win the next general election while pushing away seven million trade union members, they are deluded. ‘We expect attacks from the Tories, we don’t expect attacks from our own party. ‘As a Labour-affiliated union, our union is ashamed of the actions of the Labour Party leadership and the anti-worker anti-union message it is sending out.’ RMT boss Mick Lynch also told Times Radio that Labour would only be able to reclaim its traditional heartlands if it could ‘identify with working class people’s needs and their campaigns’. He too attacked Sir Keir, accusing him of ‘playing up to the agenda of Liz Truss and the right wing press’. His words were also echoed by Unite general secretary Sharon Graham, who said the move would be ‘laughable if it were not so serious’. A spokesperson for Labour said the party ‘will always stand up for working people fighting for better pay, terms and conditions at work’. ‘This isn’t about appearing on a picket line,’ they said. ‘Members of the frontbench sign up to collective responsibility. ‘That includes media appearances being approved and speaking to agreed frontbench positions. ‘As a government-in-waiting, any breach of collective responsibility is taken extremely seriously and for these reasons Sam Tarry has been removed from the frontbench.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.