Abba star Bjorn Ulvaeus has introduced his new girlfriend, five months after his split from his wife of 41 years. Bjorn’s new love, whose name is Christina Sas, supported him on the red carpet premiere for his new film, Pippi At The Circus in Stockholm, Sweden. The pair looked like a match made in heaven as they held hands on the red carpet, while Christina also showed her affection for her man by wearing his name on a gold necklace. According to The Sun, the pair met  during the release of Abba Voyage in Germany, with Christina working for Abba’s label Universal there. ‘This is my partner Christina. We have dated for a while and I felt like I wanted to take her to this event. So this is the first time we go out together,’ he reportedly told press. When quizzed on how long they have been together, he added: ‘A short while.’ It’s also thought that she flew to be with Bjorn for the launch of Abba Voyage in London in May. Bjorn, 77, looked suave on the red carpet, donning a blue suit, with Christina, 74, donning a leather-look dress. The singer split from Lena, his wife of 41 years, in February. The pair announced the news in a joint statement, explaining that they have remained close friends. ‘After many fine and eventful years, we have decided to divorce,’ they said. ‘We remain close and good friends and will continue to celebrate our grandchildren’s birthdays and other family celebrations together.’ Björn and Lena first started dating after the star’s split from Agnetha Fältskog, who he married in 1971. Björn and Agnetha split eight years later, in 1979. The singer then met journalist Lena at a party thrown by Benny Andersson and Anni-Frid Lyngstad. They later tied the knot in 1981 and share two children – Emma, 40, and Anna, 35. Björn also has two children from his marriage to Agnetha, Linda, 48, and Peter, 44. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Bjorn Ulvaeus for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Abba’s Björn Ulvaeus and wife Lena split after 41 years of marriage MORE : Abba Voyage: Groundbreaking hologram experience is absolutely magic 