Holidays are the perfect escape from the daily grind. It’s especially easy to relax on all-inclusive holidays – where everything you could possibly want is all in one place. Following two years of restrictions, many of us will be itching to get away this year. Yet, with the cost of living crisis squeezing our bank accounts to breaking point, holidays need to fit into a tighter budget. To help us out, Savoo has analysed 46 popular holiday destinations to determine the cheapest locations for a budget – as well as comparing costs against reviews to find the best value for money. The team checked out all-inclusive packages, including flights, for a seven-day trip in July 2022. And the results are in – these are the top locations for your budget this summer. Crowned the cheapest all-inclusive holiday destination is Agadir, Morocco. All-inclusive holidays for July cost around £490 per person, when the average temperature is an ideal 26°C. Sitting along the shore of Morocco’s southern Atlantic coast, Agadir is nestled in the foothills of the Anti-Atlas mountains. As a resort town, it is known for its golf courses, vast crescent beach and seaside promenade – with all the cafes and restaurants you could possibly want. Coming in second is Costa Brava in Spain, where trips came in on average at £546 per person. Costa Brava is another coastal resort, this one is in Northeastern Spain. It’s part of Catalonia, where they speak Catalan rather than Spanish. It overlooks the Mediterranean sea and enjoys hot summers – averaging 29°C. Next up is Istanbul, Turkey, with a price tag of £559 for the average package. This major, bustling city is not the one for a quiet seaside escape, but it’s bursting with culture and history. Istanbul straddles Europe and Asia across something called the Bosphorus Strait. In the Old City you can see evidence of old Empires that ruled there – including the Roman-era Hippodrome and Egyptian obelisks. For almost £30 more (£593 on average), you can hop over to Italy for an all-inclusive stay in Sorrento. Sorrento is a gorgeous coastal town in southwest Italy, built into cliffs that overlook the Gulf of Naples. Visit for stunning water views, winding narrow alleys, delicious Italian food and coffee enjoyed in the square. Rounding out the top five is Fuerteventura in the Canary Islands. This trip will cost you £612 per person and, understandably, Fuerteventura is known as a popular holiday destination – thanks to its white sandy beaches and pleasantly warm weather. Still relatively affordable for all-inclusive holidays, but just missing out on the top five spots, are: Value for money is important when picking a holiday destination. If you can afford to shell out a few extra hundred for a place with great ratings, try Sal in Cape Verde. Savoo trawled Booking.com for reviews from holidaymakers and compared these with the holiday cost. It found that Sal came out on top. Trips to this spot cost around £920 per person with an average review score of 89/100. In second place is Antalya in Turkey, which also ranks as the 10th cheapest location, at £700 per person. You will be spolit for choice in Antalya, which has no less than 700 all-inclusive spots on offer. Also, coming in at great value for money is North Male Atoll in the Maldives at £2,244, Hurghada in Egypt for £887 and Madeira, Portugal for £630. There are plenty of spots to choose from, but steer clear of Pula, Croatia for your all-inclusive: not only is it the most expensive all-inclusive location in Europe, but it’s also the worst value for money – with just one offer of an all-inclusive and no reviews available. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : No-fly trips: Stunning holidays you can go on without getting on a plane MORE : How to plan your first solo travel trip abroad MORE : Struggling families offered new discounts to help with summer holidays costs