Cristiano Ronaldo has spoken out for the first time since informing Manchester United that he wants to leave the club this summer. The 37-year-old stunned Erik ten Hag and club bosses last month when he asked them to consider offers for him. Ronaldo had spoken to the Dutchman after his appointment in April and he was said to be enthused about working with Ten Hag and didn’t give any indication that he wanted to leave Old Trafford. The forward’s wish to do so is said to be down to his desire to play Champions League football but United were knocked out of the competition last March and it was evident a few weeks later that they would not make the top four. Ronaldo remained in Portugal during United’s pre-season tour of Thailand and Australia, citing ‘family reasons’ for his absence. Jorge Mendes accompanied the striker as he returned to Carrington on Tuesday and the pair held talks with Ten Hag and the board over his situation. It’s been reported since that Ronaldo reiterrated his desire to leave and that Sir Alex Ferguson intervened in a desperate bid to keep the Portuguese striker. But Ronaldo has hit out at the ‘lies’ by responding to an Instagram account that cited the report. ‘Impossible not to talk about me one day,’ said Ronaldo.‘Otherwise the press makes no money. You know that if you don’t lie you can’t get people’s attention. Keep going that one day you get some news right ‘. Despite his return to training, it is not clear whether Ronaldo will participate in either of United’s friendlies this weekend. United take on Atletico Madrid in Oslo on Saturday, before hosting Rayo Vallecano at Old Trafford on Sunday. Ronaldo is said to be around four weeks behind his team-mates in terms of preparation for the new season and he desperately needs minutes. Anthony Martial has impressed in Ronaldo’s absence, scoring three goals in four pre-season matches. MORE : Cristiano Ronaldo tells Man Utd he has offer from rival club and begs to leave MORE : Manchester United hold talks over move for Salzburg striker Benjamin Sesko For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 