Summer has arrived and it feels like whole of the UK is heading off for a week of family fun in the sun. Not booked your own getaway yet? Not a problem. Whether you’re after water parks, superior kids’ clubs or alpine meadows, it’s not too late to nab a week-long family deal this summer. And with a number of great deals on offer, there’s still time to get yourself a bargain. Here are some of the best last-minute holidays you can still book in Greece, Spain and beyond. In Corfu’s resort of Acharavi, the Grecotel Costa Botanica is a village-style beachfront property ringed by tropical gardens. Its amenities range from the floodlit tennis courts and playground to nightly entertainment and a buffet restaurant. If that doesn’t get them packing, tell your kids it features a water park with slides and lazy rivers. Acharavi’s laid-back, taverna-lined pebble beach is 500 metres away and Corfu Town’s shops are less than an hour’s drive. From £996pp, saving £250pp, for a family of three, all-inclusive, including flights from Manchester (other airports available). Departs August 6. Book via Olympics Holidays. While it might not have the catchiest name, Tenerife’s Hotel Interpalace by Blue Sea does boast a great setting. You’ll find it in Puerto de la Cruz, a north coast harbour town that’s far more sophisticated and child-friendly than the sun-soaked Canary Island’s more garish corners. Arranged around a mammoth lagoon pool, it throws in a playground, a buffet restaurant, minigolf and bright, contemporary bedrooms. You’re a five-minute stroll from black-sand Playa de Martiánez and little more from Lago Martiánez, seven saltwater pools designed by the Canarian architect Cesar Manrique. There are also free bus shuttles to Loro Parque’s aquarium. From £531pp, saving £191pp, for a family of four, all-inclusive, including flights from Stansted. Departs August 11. Book via Love Holidays. European family summer holidays don’t have to be by the beach, you know. A stay in the pretty village of Niederau, amid Austria’s beautiful Wildschönau Valley, will have you surrounded by snowy peaks and bright green meadows. There are walks to suit all levels, including ones visiting waterfalls, as well as an all-metal sculpture park, free gondolas and the gorge-going, tractor-pulled Bummelbahn train. A short stroll from Niederau’s centre and cheerfully alpine in style, Hotel Harfenwirt enjoys fine valley views from its sun terrace, which accompanies an indoor pool. Children are made very welcome. From £419pp, saving £350pp, half-board, for a family of four sharing, including flights from Birmingham. Departs August 6. Book via Inghams. Are your kids interested in swimming, wildlife, history or, er, halloumi cheese? If so, the Paphos region of Cyprus’s western coast ought to be a good shout. Base yourself at Corallia Beach and you’ll be beside a gently shelving shore, one of the area’s few genuinely sandy stretches, not to mention all the usual resort facilities. Within easy excursion reach are the Akamas Peninsula, where baby turtles hatch in summer, and some extensive Roman remains, featuring theatres and marvellous mosaics, in Paphos itself. As for the halloumi, it’s made inland at Troodos Mountains farms, which host cheese-making classes. From £654pp, saving £50pp, half-board, for a family of four sharing, including flights from Gatwick and free cancellation. Departs August 16. Book via On The Beach. Beach-lined Menorca offers a more laid-back Balearic alternative to Ibiza or Menorca. On its west coast and part of Jet2.com’s Luxe collection, peaceful Prinsotel La Caleta’s lily-white apartments are snagged in purple bougainvillea blooms and surround a splatter-shaped pool. There are grill and buffet restaurants, plus separate kids’ pools, volleyball facilities, evening musicians and more. One of those beaches, the white-sand Cala Santandria, is five minutes on foot. Visit nearby Ciutadella, a beautiful old port town. From £778pp, B&B, for a family of three sharing, including flights from Stansted and transfers. Departs August 19. Book via Jet2holidays.com. Part of lastminute.com’s school holiday sale, Turkey’s Otium Family Eco Club is located outside Side, a southern-coast resort city. It’s a seafront hotel pairing balconied rooms with eight pools, a trio of restaurants and free beach-bound shuttles. You can deposit kids in the activity-packed adventure zone before making for the spa, or set off for outings to nearby sights such as the wide Manavgat waterfall. From £1,046pp, saving £30, all-inclusive, for a family of four sharing, including flights from Gatwick and free cancellation. Departs August 16. Book via Lastminute.com. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : No-fly trips: Stunning holidays you can go on without getting on a plane MORE : Struggling families offered new discounts to help with summer holidays costs MORE : Five things to do and see on a holiday to Pag Island, Croatia