Ben Stokes has announced that he will retire from One Day International cricket after England’s clash with South Africa on Tuesday in Durham. The Test captain will continue to play the longest format of the game, and international T20s, but will no longer compete in the 50-over contests. The 31-year-old has played 104 ODIs for England, scoring 2,919 runs, including three centuries, and taking 74 wickets in the format. He was a key figure in England’s famous World Cup win in 2019 and will get a tremendous reception in his last ODI on his home ground this week. In a statement posted to social media, Stokes wrote: ‘I will play my last game for England in ODI cricket on Tuesday in Durham. I have decided to retire from this format. This has been an incredibly tough decision to make. I have loved every minute of playing with my mates for England. We have had an incredible journey on the way. ‘As hard as a decision as this was to come to, it’s not as hard dealing with the fact I can’t give my teammates 100% of myself in this format anymore. The England shirt deserves nothing less from anyone who wears it. ‘Three formats are just unsustainable for me now. Not only do I feel that my body is letting me down because of the schedule and what is expected of us, but I also feel that I am taking the place of another player who can give Jos and the rest of the team their all. It’s time for someone else to progress as a cricketer and make incredible memories like I have over the past 11 years. ‘I will give everything I have to Test cricket, and now, with this decision, I feel I can also give my total commitment to the T20 format. ‘I would like to wish Jos Buttler, Matthew Mott, the players and the support staff every success going forward. We have made great strides in white-ball cricket over the past seven years, and the future looks bright. ‘I have loved all 104 games I have played so far, I’ve got one more, and it feels amazing to be playing my last game at my home ground in Durham. ‘As always, the England fans have always been there for me and will continue to be there. You’re the best fans in the world. I hope we can win on Tuesday and set the series up nicely against South Africa. ‘Thanks ❤️’ Tuesday’s ODI in Durham is the first of three 50-over matches against South Africa, with more to come at Old Trafford and Headingley. Then Stokes is set to return for the T20 series, starting on 27 July in Bristol. MORE : The sky’s the limit for England as Ben Stokes’ ‘Bazball’ team turns Test cricket upside down MORE : Steve Smith mocks England’s Test cricket Bazball revolution For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 