Brits should be asked to change how and when they use their energy to get through the crisis and avoid blackouts this winter, an expert has suggested. Households have already been warned that the price cap could rise in January by £360 more than previously forecast. Experts at Cornwall Insight, one of the country’s premier energy consultancies, said bills could rise from today’s record £1,971 to £3,245 in October and then again to £3,364 at the start of next year. Sir John Armitt, the UK’s infrastructure tsar, said people should be asked to try and cut back on their energy use, for example by turning thermostats down and avoiding the use of appliances like cookers and washing machines between the peak times of 6pm and 8pm. He told The Telegraph: ‘People will have to shift their cooking patterns. Do we need to heat our homes at 21C or is it more efficient to have a steady lower temperature? ‘Absolutely the government could ask people to turn down their thermostats. I’d be amazed if the Government didn’t do this at some point this winter.’ Sir John said brits need to be ‘treated like grownups’ and invited to help, warning that some six million households may face blackouts this winter if supply from Russia gets worse. Other European countries have already started asking residents to take part in helping. Germans have been told to take shorter showers to decrease the amount of hot water gas uses to heat up. Over in Japan, households and businesses have been asked to switch off lights and air conditioners unless they are needed, while Australia’s energy minister has called on residents not to use electricity between 6pm and 8pm where possible. The Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy told Metro.co.uk: ‘The UK has no issues with either gas or electricity supply, and the government is fully prepared for any scenario, even those that are extreme and very unlikely to occur. ‘Thanks to a massive £90 billion investment in renewable energy in the last decade, we have one of the most reliable and diverse energy systems in the world, and unlike Europe, we are not dependent on Russian energy imports.’ It comes as fraudsters are taking advantage of the current crisis and trying to scam people worried about their bills. Here are some tips on how to avoid getting conned. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.