Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz have been packing on the PDA on their luxurious Saint-Tropez getaway. The young couple tied the knot back in April but proved they are still firmly in the newlywed period as they shared a steamy moment together after dinner. Nicola, 27 perched on Brooklyn’s lap as they wrapped their arms around each other and shared a passionate kiss on a boat as they left the famous restaurant, Club 55. The loved-up couple were engrossed in each other as they left the swanky evening with their pals. Both Nicola and Brooklyn wore an all-white ensemble for the romantic dinner, with Nicola donned a white, embroidered mini dress which she paired with platform white sandals. It added some height to her petite frame, though she clutched onto her friend as she walked down the wooden dock. She styled the summery look with a basket bag and a swept up-do and some sunglasses. Meanwhile, the son of David and Victoria Beckham sported a casual white t-shirt and trousers and some cream sandals for the summer evening. Nicola and Brooklyn, 23, got married in a lavish wedding ceremony in April at her family’s £103 million estate in Palm Beach, Florida. However, since the nuptials, Nicola has revealed that it wasn’t love at first sight and that the duo didn’t even ‘click’ when the first met five years ago. ‘We didn’t get along, we just didn’t click… I had a boyfriend, he had a girlfriend,’ she told Tatler. ‘We actually met up one time and went to dinner, and he was a friend but not a close friend,’ she continued. ‘Then we ran into each other at a Halloween party two and a half years ago and I can’t tell you what happened but from then on we were inseparable.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicola Peltz Beckham opens up on husband Brooklyn’s bond with her billionaire father and why newlyweds would never move to London MORE : Brooklyn Beckham adds to huge tattoo collection with sweet tribute to Nicola Peltz’s grandmother 