Has it really been a decade since London hosted the 2012 Olympics? Indeed, it has been exactly 10 years since the capital welcomed the world’s greatest athletes for three weeks’ worth of thrilling sport and incredible entertainment… and also that time Boris Johnson got stuck on a zip-wire. It would be a record-breaking game for the hosts, with 65 medals won in total, 29 of them gold, all resulting in a brilliant third-place finish in the medal table for Team GB. That summer, so many athletes became instant national heroes, while some bowed out of their respective sports in style. Metro.co.uk has taken a look at 10 of the biggest and best names from the London 2012 Olympics and what they’re up to now… London 2012 did not get off to the best of starts for the hosts, and it wasn’t until Day 5 of the games that Great Britain finally claimed a gold medal courtesy of rowers Helen Glover and Heather Stanning. Glover, a former teacher, and Stanning, a British Army officer, had only picked up rowing a few years prior to the Olympics, but became history makers when they won the Coxless Pair race. They would continue to dominate the event over the next few years, winning the World Championships together in 2014 and 2015, before defending their Olympic title at Rio 2016. The pair retired shortly after that, but Glover would return to the water five years later for the delayed 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, finishing fourth alongside Polly Swann, while Stanning is currently a Major with the Royal Artillery. Sir Bradley Wiggins was the talk of the town in the build-up to London 2012, as just five days prior to the Opening Ceremony he became the first British cyclist to win the Tour de France. Even before 2012, he was already an icon on the track scene by virtue of three golds, one silver and two bronze medals at Athens 2004 and Beijing 2008, before adding a fourth in London by winning the Time Trial on the road. Wiggins was given the honour of ringing the Olympic Bell to mark the start of the games and later that year was voted BBC Sports Personality of the Year. After a few more successful years on the road, Wiggins returned to track cycling ahead of Rio, where he won his fifth gold medal in the Team Pursuit, breaking two world records in the process, before announcing his retirement at the end of 2016. Winning gold at the Double Trap, Peter Wilson became an overnight hero for Team GB thanks in part to his emotional and jubilant celebrations with his dad. Wilson’s rise to the top of shooting was made even more remarkable by the fact that all his training was self-supported after UK Sport cut his funding following Athens and Beijing, where Great Britain failed to win a single shooting medal. Just over two years later, Wilson announced his retirement from the sport to focus on his family, ending his short but very sweet career. Track cycling was Great Britain’s strongest sport at London 2012 and while Victoria Pendleton, Ed Clancy, Jason and Laura Kenny all deserve a shout-out, these games were all about whether Sir Chris Hoy could become the country’s most successful Olympian. He did – winning two golds to take his tally to six, surpassing Sir Steve Redgrave’s record – although it didn’t last too long as Jason Kenny overtook his former teammate in Tokyo. Nevertheless, Hoy’s impact on the sport was massive, and London provided the perfect swansong for his career, with the Scotsman retiring less than a year after leading Team GB out at the opening ceremony. He then turned to a different kind of track, taking part in various different motorsport events including the 2016 24 Hours of Le Mans. The poster-athlete for London 2012, Dame Jessica Ennis-Hill was out for revenge after a late-injury saw her miss Beijing four year prior. In truth, her gold medal never looked in doubt as she dominated the Heptathlon and set such an impressive time in the 100m hurdles stage that she could well have finished on the podium for the main event had she taken part. An icon for British sport, Ennis-Hill would go onto secure a third World Championship victory in 2015, but narrowly missed out on back-to-back gold medals in Rio. After retiring in 2016, she has become a pundit for the BBC and in the last couple of years launched Jennis, a fitness app specialising in women’s health. Unlike the other gold medallists of ‘Super Saturday’, Greg Rutherford was not a name many had heard of, but that all changed very quickly. Rutherford cruised to gold in the Long Jump, before going onto become World, European and Commonwealth champion, although he could only claim the bronze in Rio. Sadly for him, a recurring ankle injury forced his retirement from Athletics in 2018 but that didn’t stop him from pursuing his dream of competing at the Winter Olympics. He joined Team GB’s bobsleigh set-up in 2021, but unfortunately, he and his crew failed to qualify for Beijing 2022. The sixth and final champion of ‘Super Saturday’, Sir Mo Farah capped off perhaps the greatest ever day of British sport with victory in the 10,000m. Another gold in the 5,000m saw him become a national treasure, with everyone up and down the country performing his signature celebration, the ‘Mobot’. With four Olympic medals and six World titles, he is the most successful male track distance runner ever, and the most successful British track athlete in modern Olympic Games history, not to mention his multiple gold medals at Marathon running. Just this July, Farah opened up about his childhood in a powerful new documentary, revealing that he was trafficked to the UK aged nine and that his birthname was actually Hussein Abdi Kahin. Like Hoy, London 2012 was to be Sir Ben Ainslie’s last Olympics, and gold in the Finn event ensured that he would become the most successful sailor in the games’ history. It was his fourth consecutive gold, and fifth medal overall, and rather fittingly he was chosen to be the first person to carry the Olympic torch in the UK and carried Team GB’s flag at the closing ceremony. Since then, he has worked as a tactician for multiple teams, most notably guiding Team USA to a remarkable victory over New Zealand in 2013 America’s Cup. Today, he is Team Principal, CEO and Skipper of INEOS Britannia and CEO and Driver of the Great Britain SailGP Team. While Olympic gold is not the most prestigious prize in Tennis, the peak years of Sir Andy Murray’s career began in London 2012. Just weeks after losing the Wimbledon final to Roger Federer, Murray defeated the Swiss legend in SW19 before taking silver in the mixed doubles alongside Laura Robson. Later that year, he won his first grand slam at the US Open, before winning Wimbledon proper in 2013, the Davis Cup in 2015 and a Wimbledon/Olympic double in 2016. Well documented injuries have hampered the Scotsman since, and after his Wimbledon exit this July, he admitted his time on the court is coming to an end. One of three boxers to win Gold at London 2012 alongside Luke Campbell and Anthony Joshua, Nicola Adams made history as the first female boxer to become an Olympic champion, and she retained her crown four years later in Rio. She would also become World, European and Commonwealth champion, all in the flyweight class, before turning professional in 2017, claiming the WBO championship belt two years later. Unfortunately, an eye injury forced her into retirement just months after that, but Adams remains one of the most popular and influential athletes in the UK. MORE : Queen won’t be attending Commonwealth Games opening ceremony MORE : The touching moment Jake Wightman’s dad Geoff commentates on son winning gold at World Athletics Championships For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 