Emily Ratajkowski is reportedly planning to divorce her husband, Sebastian Bear-McClard, amid claims he cheated on her, according to US media. The model, 31, has been married to the 41-year-old film producer for four years and the couple are parents to one-year-old son Sylvester Apollo Bear. A source claimed to Page Six: ‘Yeah, he cheated.’ There is currently no paperwork filed in the court system relating to the couple divorcing. Rumours of a split had begun after Emily was spotted without her wedding ring recently, but neither party has currently addressed the claims. Emily was seen without her ring on in a TikTok video as well as when she took the pair’s adopted Husky-German Shepherd mix, Colombo, out for a walk in New York City on Friday. She was also seen without her wedding ring while walking in New York with their son Sylvester on Thursday. The pair have been married since February 2018 after tying the knot in New York with a small group of friends as witnesses. Emily and Sebastian announced they were expecting their first child two and a half years later, with Sylvester being born on March 8, 2021. The model marked their four-year wedding anniversary in February but did not post any public Father’s Day wishes for Sebastian, who is best known for producing films including Uncut Gems and Heaven Knows What, last month. While Emily has not been spotted with her wedding ring in recent days, Sebastian reportedly still had his wedding band on when he was spotted sitting on a bench outside Cafe Cluny in New York City on Wednesday. The couple were last spotted together in mid-June while on holiday together in Italy, where they appeared to be in good spirits. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Emily Ratajkowski and Sebastian Bear-McClard for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gigi Hadid celebrates 27th birthday in style alongside pals Blake Lively, Emily Ratajkowski and Helena Christensen at exclusive bash MORE : Emily Ratajkowski finds it ‘weird’ reading reviews of her book, admitting she was ‘nervous’ about putting her personal experiences out into the world 