Madonna offered up the best response when asked why she decided to explore making a biopic about her own life, just when you couldn’t cheer her more. The Hung Up singer, 63, has taken the reigns on the project, which will focus on her career so far, as well as aspects of her private life. Lifting the lid on when we could finally get our hands on the eagerly-anticipated flick, she spoke of why she will be directing the big-screen adaptation herself. Questioned on what led her to start the film in a new interview, the Queen of pop replied: ‘I’ve had an extraordinary life, I must make an extraordinary film. ‘It was also a preemptive strike because a lot of people were trying to make movies about me. Mostly misogynistic men. So I put my foot in the door and said, “No one’s going to tell my story, but me.”’ Fair enough, Madge. ‘I have a very long script that is really hard for me to make shorter,’ she added to Variety on where the biopic stands now. ‘I’ve been whittling away at it, but it’s like hacking off my limbs.’ The project has already been in the works for a long time, as the Material Girl star first announced her plans in 2020 – explaining that she was directing and co-writing the movie alongside Oscar-winning director Diablo Cody, who has since dropped out. Universal are set to develop the biopic, with Madonna confirming the news in a statement at the time. ‘I want to convey the incredible journey that life has taken me on as an artist, a musician, a dancer [and] a human being, trying to make her way in this world,’ she said. ‘The focus of this film will always be music. ‘Music has kept me going and art has kept me alive. There are so many untold and inspiring stories and who better to tell it than me. It’s essential to share the roller coaster ride of my life with my voice and vision.’ Development is still in the early stages but Variety claims that Ozark star Julia Garner was offered the starring role. Bring it on. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stacey Solomon reveals huge part of ‘special’ wedding day was dedicated to Joe Swash’s late father MORE : Beyonce offers rare shout-out to husband Jay Z and their children on eve of Renaissance album release 