David Harbour has opened up about trying to recapture his wild Stranger Things transformation for season 5. The 47-year-old actor – who plays Jim Hopper in the hit Netflix sci-fi horror show – lost over 75lbs (5 stone) between season three and four as part of a physical overhaul with his character taken prisoner in a Russian gulag. He’s since put some weight back on for his upcoming role as Santa Claus himself in action comedy Violent Night, and now he’s back to work to get himself fit again. He shared some progress shots on Instagram, including a photo of himself in season three, then again with his trainer David Higgins the week they started his fitness drive for the most recent run of Stranger Things episodes, and another shot of him looking totally ripped. He wrote: ‘All told I lost over 75lbs. 265-270 in season 3 and all the way down to 190 when we shot. ‘Recently ballooned up again to play jolly ole st. Nick in a flick I can’t wait for you to see this holiday season, so I am struggling to fight back down towards a good weight for wherever Hopper ends up in season 5. ‘All this up and down is not good for the body, and I’ll have to give it up soon, but it is such a fun part of the job to live in a different version of your skin for a while.’ He’s going live on Instagram with his trainer at 4pm UK time today (July 22) to delve further into his process. He added: ‘Many of you have asked about Hopper’s physical transformation from season 3 to season 4. ‘My trainer @davidhigginslondon worked with me for 8months to make the transformation, and then another year to keep it through the pandemic. ‘All told it was a difficult and exciting ride, changing diet and exercise plans (or lack thereof).’ During a recent appearance on BBC Breakfast, he quipped: ‘It’s not easy, it’s a lot of not eating when you lose that much weight, and being hungry. That’s the secret, if you’re curious about the diet secret, it’s just not eating food.’ Stranger Things season four didn’t disappoint, with plenty of death, destruction and everything in between, setting things up nicely for the finale. And now we wait… Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things stars Winona Ryder and David Harbour improvised that highly-anticipated kiss MORE : Recognise Hopper’s sword in the Stranger Things season 4 finale? David Harbour blows fans’ minds with behind-the-scenes secret 