David Beckham and his family have been soaking up the sun as they headed out in Croatia on a boat on a relaxing family holiday – and we’ve got major travel envy. The football legend and his wife Victoria, who have just celebrated their 23rd wedding anniversary, spent some quality time with their youngest two kids on a peaceful boat trip. David, donning an orange shirt and green shorts, could be seen rocking a cropped hairstyle (giving us some major nostalgia in the process), joined by his son Cruz, 17. Victoria, 48, rocked a pink sundress as she sunbathed on the back of the boat with daughter Harper, 11, and a friend, with David, 47, perching next to her at one point. It seems the family’s continuing on from Harper’s birthday celebrations from earlier this month. As their youngest child and only daughter hit the tweenage years, David and Victoria took to Instagram to share the sweetest videos and photos of her with the family, and the footballer went pretty far back in the archive. Mum Victoria also took to the social media platform at the same time to dote on her daughter, posting a picture of her posing with her foot kicked back and looking over one shoulder in a blue and white outfit. So cute! Meanwhile, the first couple of showbiz recently went all out to celebrate 23 years of marriage, jetting to Paris and Venice and enjoying a romantic gondola ride. VB had revealed on Instagram that the pair jetted off to their ‘happy place’ to celebrate, sharing a gorgeous video of the Eiffel Tower. ‘Kisses from Paris,’ she added, before giving fans a look into their date night, which saw them enjoying dinner with a jaw-dropping view of the city. The trip wasn’t over there, however, as they then headed to Venice. As the couple headed out for the day, Victoria revealed that they were once again rocking matching looks, with David insisting he ‘took inspiration’ from his wife rather than copying her. It’s a fine line David, but we reckon you’re just about in the clear. As well as jet setting, the family seem pretty booked and busy, with David recently revealing Netflix is producing a documentary about his life. We can’t wait! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and wife Nicola Peltz pack on PDA on idyllic Saint-Tropez getaway MORE : Groundbreaking David Beckham documentary series in the works at Netflix 