A woman has been told she was rightly sacked after she used a racial slur against one of her employees. Susanna Grant called a colleague the N-word while drunk at a Christmas party for staff at Timpson. She justified it by saying ‘I can say that because I am married to one’, an employment tribunal in Watford heard. She also threw a drink over another colleague, Mick Lawless, who intervened when she went for the colleague she had racially abused. She apologised the following day but was sacked for gross misconduct after nearly 10 years working for the company. Grant tried to claim that the allegations had been made up in a bid to get rid of her and she would never have used the word. However, an employment judge found that Timpson was ‘more than entitled’ to sack her. The incident took place on January 19, 2019, and she was at the event with her Jamaican husband. She admitted that she was drunk and was ‘in rage’ at some point that evening. She was overheard saying: ‘I don’t think that African likes me’, about the unnamed female employee and then said: ‘I am going to have that [N-word] and I can say that because I am married to one.’ Mr Lawless blocked her path so that she could not leave and that’s when she threw the drink at him. The day after the party, Mrs Grant sent a text to Mr Lawless which read: ‘Mick I have just been filled in about last night I just wanted to apologise straight away I am quite embarrassed as I don’t remember so I wanted again to say sorry.’ The tribunal heard another colleague, Stephanie Wilson, also said she heard Mrs Grant use the slur and threatening to ‘do in’ the woman. Employment Judge Michael Rawlinson said: ‘The bulk of [Mrs Grant’s] evidence and complaints are to the effect that the reason for the initial, formal complaint emerging in the first place (and, she says, thereafter being exaggerated and sustained) was some type of oblique or ulterior motive by her colleagues Mick Lawless and/or Stephanie Wilson to get rid of her. But the panel dismissed her claim. Employment Judge Michael Rawlinson concluded: ‘The bulk of [Mrs Grant’s] evidence and complaints are to the effect that the reason for the initial, formal complaint emerging in the first place (and, she says, thereafter being exaggerated and sustained) was some type of oblique or ulterior motive by her colleagues Mick Lawless and/or Stephanie Wilson to get rid of her. ‘I find that on the balance of probabilities [Timpson Limited], more particularly those who dealt with [her] various investigations and subsequent disciplinary and appeal hearings, held a genuine belief that the claimant was guilty of gross misconduct. ‘It is worthy of note that other than [Mrs Grant] herself and her husband, there was not a single third party witness who positively said the alleged comments were not said by her. ‘I conclude that [Timpson Limited] was more than entitled to treat the conduct as gross misconduct. Such a response was within the range of reasonable responses.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.