There was drama in the Love Island villa this evening, but for once it wasn’t all down to the Islanders. This time it was an ant causing havoc in Majorca, with eagle-eyed fans of the ITV2 programme flocking to Twitter to point out the creepy crawly. The insect in question made their cameo on the reality show while Davide Sanclimenti was cooking up a storm in the kitchen. The 27-year-old was busying himself amid another bust-up with his partner Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu after their talent show debut. Dicing up some raw pancetta for a carbonara, viewers noticed Davide had an unwelcome guest, as a tiny ant scuttled across his chopping board. Sharing their disgust, one Love Island lover wrote: ‘The ant on Davide’s cutting board nooooo.’ ‘Anyone else unnervingly bothered by the fact there was an ant running around all over Davide’s bacon?’ asked a social media user to their followers. Another fan chimed in: ‘Ewwww there was an ant where the bacon was.’ While Davide’s pasta may have had some unsavory seasoning, the Italian has reason to be positive, after sorting things out with Ekin-Su at the start of the episode. ‘What is this drama?’ he asked the 27-year-old. ‘I don’t want this drama on the outside.’ Agreeing with him, Eki-Su later went on to tell the hut: ‘It’s hard to stay angry at the king of carbonara.’ Trouble was brewing, however, for Gemma Owen and Luca Bish following a Mile High-themed challenge, which saw the girls dress up as air stewardesses and then try and seduce the boys. Gemma, 19, licked Adam Collard during the task before moving on to Luca, who was not impressed. Speaking to the girls, Gemma said Luca had a ‘face like a slapped a***’ and had been in a ‘mood’ all night with her. Attempting to patch things up, Gemma confronted Luca, who eventually confessed he did not ‘like’ how the challenge panned out. Slamming his behaviour, Gemma said he had ‘acted like a w*****’ and at one point told him to ‘f*** right off.’ Could their relationship be on the rocks? Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. MORE : Love Island’s Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack face being dumped from villa just days before final MORE : Love Island: All the best talent show moments – from Millie Court’s keyboard skills to Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay’s iconic rap Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 