After weeks of waiting, the moment finally arrived on Love Island – the moment Luca Bish referenced the fact that Michael Owen is Gemma Owen’s dad, that is. When this year’s series began, fans speculated over how long it would take for Gemma to reveal her football star dad to the rest of the islanders. It was later revealed by dumped contestant Ikenna Ekwonna that those in the villa were well-aware of her famous father, despite mentions of him being extremely scarce. On tonight’s episode, Luca and Gemma headed out on their very first date, enjoying a romantic drink overlooking the stunning ocean. During their chat, where they both opened up about their feelings for one another, Gemma told Luca that she believes he’ll get on well with her family, and even shares the same sense of humour as former England player Michael. Luca then joked: ‘If only I can kick a ball as good as him,’ and now we need to see Luca and Michael having a kick-around in the garden. Love Island fans across the nation let out a huge sigh of relief that Michael was finally dropped into the conversation, as it was a very – VERY – long time coming. ‘Luca dropping that he knows Michael Owen is her dad,’ one person tweeted with astonishment, as another wrote: ‘Wait I’ve only just realised Luca said he wishes he could kick a ball as well as Michael Owen loool.’ Someone else pointed out that Luca will of course not be aware that when it comes time for the meet-the-parents episode, Michael has already revealed he won’t be attending. ‘My wife will do that duty. I’ll represent the horses and she’ll represent the daughter,’ the former Manchester United star said. ‘I don’t know what I’ll get from Box To Box. But I know what I’m going to get from my daughter. ‘I’ve fathered her for 19 years so I’m pretty sure what I’m going to get from her.’ During their date, while some viewers may have expected Luca to ask Gemma to be his girlfriend, he actually revealed why he’s holding back from making their relationship official. Gemma explained that when it comes to her mum Louise Bonsall, if she doesn’t like any prospective suitors in her dating life, then they don’t have any chance. Therefore, Luca is waiting until he has her mum’s approval before asking Gemma to be his girlfriend. But it sounds like that’s exactly where their relationship is going. Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘She’s the fakest person I’ve ever met’: Love Island’s Davide Sanclimenti rips into Ekin-Su Culculoglu over Adam Collard’s arrival MORE : Love Island’s Luca Bish ‘insinuates Paige Thorne should have quit with Jacques O’Neill’: ‘I didn’t think he’d be leaving alone’ 