Two carers preyed on a 91-year-old woman and stole a dementia sufferer’s First World War medals during a heartless spree. The ‘despicable’ pair broke into the safe of their first victim at night, stealing £10,000 worth of jewellery bought by her late husband. Kirsty Wallis, 35 and Angela Lawrence, 48, then used her bank card to waste on chocolate and wine. They carried out the theft after turning up unannounced in Care at Home-branded uniforms to Gladys Spratt’s house in Ashford, Kent, at 2am in October 2019. When they woke her, the pair said the police had asked for them to carry out an unscheduled check following a disturbance in the area. The jewellery has not been recovered but investigators established that Wallis received £150 from a scrap gold and silver dealer shortly after. Officers later found an antique dealer’s receipt in Wallis’ car for medals, coins and cutlery sold for £45 belonging to another patient. The man she stole the heirlooms from, Eric Benson, died before he saw the thief who took them from his home brought to justice. They were jailed for almost four years apiece for burglary and theft offences at Canterbury Crown Court last week. Eric’s niece Christine told the court in a victim impact statement: ‘Memories and thoughts around our aunty and uncle are tarnished by the selling of our grandfather’s medals. ‘Our memories of him are now carrying the thoughts of this crime.’ Judge Catherine Brown ordered the thieves to look her in the eye as she delivered her final remarks after the pair refused to acknowledge the victims’ families in the courtroom. She told the defendants: ‘Many elderly people really resent the point when they need strangers to come into their homes, and offences like this are just the sort of offences that increase the concern. ‘These were despicable and heartless crimes committed against two elderly and vulnerable people.’ Ian Bond, mitigating for Wallis, argued she was remorseful, entered an early guilty plea and described her own behaviour as ‘disgusting’. Kerry Waitt, mitigating for Lawrence, said the defendant felt a ‘great sense of shame’ and regarded herself an otherwise ‘honest and law abiding citizen’. PC Adam Pope, Kent Police’s investigating officer, said after the hearing: ‘The theft of these items from victims who were vulnerable due to their age was a gross breach of trust by these women, one of whom had been paid to care for the elderly. ‘I would like to praise the alertness of the victim who was woken in the middle of the night, and whose assistance has helped bring these offenders to justice. ‘Kent Police takes burglary extremely seriously and investigators will work through all lines of enquiry to bring thieves before the courts.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.