Boris Johnson went full Top Gun when he donned a pilot’s uniform and jumped in the cockpit of a Typhoon fighter jet last week. The outgoing prime minister looked like he was rehearsing to be Tom Cruise’s new co-star on a visit to RAF Coningsby in Lincolnshire. The aim of the trip was to inspect a Quick Reaction Alert station but while at the base Mr Johnson was also given a ride in a Typhoon fighter jet, and did not waste the photo opportunity. Wearing flying overalls Mr Johnson was snapped striding across the tarmac and giving a thumbs up from the cockpit of one of the state-of-the-art jets. The resulting images, which were taken by the prime minister’s taxpayer-funded photographer are reminiscent of photos taken of US president George W Bush in 2003. A video of Mr Johnson being shown the jet’s capabilities as he gives a thumbs up to an adjacent aircraft has also emerged. Sharing an anecdote about the demonstration during a speech at Farnborough Air Show today, Mr Johnson described taking off like a ‘vertical firecracker’. Mr Johnson said after a while in the air the wing commander asked him if he would like to take control of the aircraft. ‘”Do you want to have a go?” And I said, “Are you sure, it seems very expensive to me?” We only have 148 of them and they cost £75 million a pop. And he said, “Don’t worry you can’t break it.” And I thought, “oh well famous last words”,’ Mr Johnson said. ‘So I pushed the joystick right over to the right and we did an Aileron roll and I pulled the joystick right back and we did a fantastic loop the loop and then I did a more complicated thing called a barrel roll and I pushed the stick up and right a bit.’ It also appears the prime minister may have lost consciousness during the flight. ‘Then we started to pull a few Gs, as they say, quite a few Gs,’ he added. ‘When I came back to consciousness I could see the sea getting closer and closer and I started to dream about this incredible forest of windfarms I could see, all over the North Sea. ‘This reverie must have gone on for quite a while because then my colleague said, “I’m taking back control now”, and we headed happily home.’ Mr Johnson shared the story as he opened Farnborough Air Show in what will be one of his final public appearances as Tory leader. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.