Track cycling at the Commonwealth Games has been abandoned after a horrific crash saw Matt Walls fly over the barrier to leave some fans covered in blood. The Team England rider, who was taken to hospital for precautionary checks, landed in the crowd at the Lee Valley VeloPark during the final lap in the men’s 15km scratch race qualifying as medical teams rushed to the scene. Walls won omnium gold and madison silver for Team GB at last summer’s Olympic Games in Tokyo and a Team England spokesperson said he was ‘alert and talking’. Fellow racer Matt Bostock, representing the Isle of Man, was also taken to hospital and was taken away on a stretcher while Walls received treatment behind screens in the stands. Canada’s Derek Gee was the third rider taken to hospital for checks. One member of the crowd was taken away in a wheelchair covered in blood and a young girl was also being treated by medics for a cut on her arm. A Birmingham 2022 spokesperson has confirmed that the pair did not require hospital treatment. ‘Following a crash in the cycling men’s scratch race, Matt Walls has been taken to hospital for precautionary checks,’ Team England said in a statement. ‘We send our best wishes to the riders and spectators involved in the incident, and will provide a further update when we can.’ Scottish Cycling and Welsh Cycling have sent on their best wishes following the crash and confirmed that their riders were unhurt. ‘Unfortunately we have just witnessed another big crash at the velodrome,’ the Scottish team said. ‘Kyle Gordon was taken down but thankfully got up and got back on this bike. ‘Our thoughts with the two riders who are receiving medical attention.’ Welsh Cycling added: ‘Sending our love and best wishes to those injured in the crash at the Velodrome today. ‘On behalf of all of us at Welsh Cycling we hope for a speedy recovery. We can confirm that Will Roberts is ok, and was not involved in the accident.’ The incident follows Joe Truman’s crash – another Team England cyclist – who was knocked out and suffered a broken collarbone earlier in the Games. Truman crashed following a collision with Australian Matthew Glaetzer in the men’s keirin bunch sprint on Saturday. The racer was evacuated from the velodrome in a wheelchair after regaining consciousness. MORE : 'I'm hardcore' - Gymnast Joe Fraser wins Commonwealth gold on broken foot MORE : Commonwealth Games: How long does it last? For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 