Love Island power couple Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti are set to be treated to a special performance tonight, from none other musical theatre legend, Alfie Boe. Ekin-Su and Davide have been through quite the journey during their time in the Villa, but have really solidified their romance in recent episodes. Last night’s baby challenge instalment saw the duo take their newfound responsibility as parents very seriously, much to the delight of fans. With there now just a few days to go until this year’s finale, things will step up a gear in tonight’s episode. The remaining couples will begin to be whisked off on their romantic mega-dates, with Ekin-Su and Davide sent off to a breathtaking colosseum-style setting. They arrive with Alfie on hand to serenade them, as an almost speechless Ekin-Su admits how she’s feeling. She tells Davide: ‘I feel like I’m in a dream.’ Davide toasts to them saying: ‘To our beautiful experience and hopefully we will last forever – it will last forever.’ Ekin-Su then adds: ‘This is probably the most romantic date I’ve ever been on in my life. ‘I just can’t get over this. It’s everything I’ve always wanted.’ As the pair are set to be brought to tears over the music, it seems they may have more romantic confessions to make. But could they be about to drop the L-bomb to each other for the first time? Alfie is best known for his performances as Jean Valjean in the musical Les Misérables at the Queen’s Theatre in London. The English tenor has worked closely with Michael Ball over the years and will be touring again together this summer. He recently appeared on Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof, which aired on BBC One earlier this year. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who has left Love Island 2022? All the dumped contestants so far MORE : Love Island viewers slam ‘dry’ episode after ‘boring’ baby challenge: ‘No way are they doing pass the parcel on TV’ 