In dating, have you ever felt more like an option than a choice? Have you ever been led on with romantic vibes only to end up on the shelf? Well, you may have been cookie-jarred. As ever, Love Island has proved to be a great springboard for dissecting wider dating trends – look at the Dami/Indiyah/Summer drama. After recoupling with her following Casa Amor, Dami called Summer ‘fake’ for sharing her belief that she and he shared a genuine connection. Then he went on to passionately snog her in a challenge. While no one can know for sure what’s going on in Dami’s head but the man himself, to these dating experts, his treatment of Summer looks a lot like cookie-jarring… Lovehoney’s sex and relationships expert Annabelle Knight, who agrees that the Dami and Summer debacle was an example of cookie-jarring, describes it as: ‘The act of leading someone to believe that the connection they share will lead to a relationship while knowing that it will not. ‘The person on the receiving end is often seen as a “backup” in case of ending up alone.’ The term implies that the jarrer will never go ‘hungry’ thanks to a supply of ‘cookies’ at their disposal. Match’s dating expert Hayley Quinn calls the trend ‘tactical and nasty’, because it involves keeping the people in your cookie jar under the impression that there could be something more serious on the cards, rather than being upfront about where your head is at. She adds: ‘It ultimately signifies that they are not ready, nor interested. ‘When Dami said, “Summer isn’t over yet” and decided to re-couple with Summer after Casa Amor, it sent a strong signal to her that their connection was strong enough to displace his relationship with Indiyah.’ You could absolutely argue that Dami acted this way because he was just confused about his feelings at the time – and who among us hasn’t been confused about their emotions from time to time? ‘However,’ Hayley speculates, ‘Dami’s real reason for doing this might have been, so he had more potential options competing for him in the villa. ‘When he argued with Summer about his actions, Dami refused to be accountable, claiming he was, “being friendly.” ‘It would be hard for most people to interpret kissing under the covers as ‘”friendliness”, but by minimising his behaviour, Dami was consciously trying to shift the blame, even going so far as calling Summer a “fake”. ‘Interestingly, the last person he called “fake” was Luca, after Luca commented on his behaviour in Casa Amor. It seems like when Dami is called out on his actions, rather than holding his hands up, he launches his internal conflict out on the other person. ‘Beyond Summer waiting on the shelf for Dami as an option in his “cookie jar”, this is a relationship red flag, that should show her, and Indiyah, that ultimately he’s not a keeper, nor is he ready for a committed relationship.’ Annabelle explains that context is key when you’re exploring connections with more than one person at a time. She says: ‘Cookie-jarring and exploring options need to be considered in context; for example, exploring options is problematic if you are in a committed and monogamous relationship with someone else as it’s not fair on the person you are with, or the person you are exploring with. ‘Also, if you have no intention of carrying on a relationship with the person you are exploring with – and you haven’t told them this – then it is problematic and unfair on them. ‘It is arguably possible to cookie-jar someone without meaning to, as you might start exploring something with someone while not fully knowing your heart is elsewhere. If this happens it is your duty to immediately end the cookie-jar relationship, as anything beyond this point becomes intentional.’ Counselling Directory member Laura Echeverria says people might be inclined towards cookie-jarring behaviour for a number of reasons involving ego and insecurity. She tells us: ‘Often when someone continues to cookie jar they are relying on a back-up to ensure they always have someone. Ego plays a large part in all of this. Will they get rejected? How will they look? It feels good to have several people interested. ‘This often comes from a very anxious attachment style. Love, without doubt, comes with vulnerability whenever there is vulnerability, there is fear – fear of rejection, fear of what others would think, fear of being alone, even fear of missing out on someone else and in the case of Love Island, fear of being dumped from the show. ‘With Love Island and in real life, this behaviour often creates trust issues and rather than ending up with a jar full of cookies, you end up hungry and unfulfilled. With love can come great pain but also great joy, but without being vulnerable you will never really experience great love.’ Is there anything a person can do to help protect themselves from being cookie jarred? Counselling Directory member Karen Schumann advises: ‘Be clear, open and honest about your commitment expectations for each other, being boundaried in your relationship from the start. ‘Be clear about what you want and ask for honesty. ‘If feelings start to develop, this could be the time to ask whether they are seeing anyone else and have in your mind how you feel about that. ‘Good, clear communication and setting expectations as you get to know someone, will help to stop any feelings of betrayal and rejection.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : I only ever ‘date up’ – is it my way of leaving my working class roots behind? MORE : When does jealousy in a relationship become a red flag? Signs to watch out for MORE : Love Island fans think two stars are actually having a secret off-air feud: ‘What is their issue?’