Volodymyr Zelensky has dismissed two central figures in his government over allegations they were collaborating with Russia. ‘Today I made the decision to remove the prosecutor general from office and to dismiss the head of the security service of Ukraine,’ the president revealed in his nightly video address to the nation. The sackings of SBU chief Ivan Bakanov and prosecutor general Iryna Venediktova, were announced in executive orders on the president’s website. A childhood friend of Mr Zelensky, who once ran his entertainment company and then his presidential campaign, Mr Bakanov’s government position seemed to be cemented. Ms Venediktova’s sacking also comes as a shock to many as she has played a key role in the prosecution of Russian war crimes in the country. Formerly an adviser to the president, she became Ukraine’s first female prosecutor general. It is yet unclear if the pair are being investigated for alleged treason or any other crimes. In a Telegram post, Mr Zelensky said he had fired the top officials because it had come to light that many members of their agencies had collaborated with Russia. This was a problem he said had touched other agencies as well. Some 651 cases of alleged treason and collaboration have been opened against prosecutorial and law enforcement officials. Staff have been informed of ‘suspicion’ in 198 criminal proceedings, the Ukrainian leader said. And more than 60 officials from Mr Bakanov and Ms Venediktova’s agencies were now allegedly working against Ukraine in Russian-occupied territories. Explaining his decision, Mr Zelensky added: ‘Such an array of crimes against the foundations of the national security of the state and the connections detected between the employees of the security forces of Ukraine and the special services of Russia pose very serious questions to the relevant leadership. ‘Each of these questions will receive a proper answer.’ Neither Mr Bakanov or Ms Venediktova have commented on the allegations on their social media channels. Oleksiy Symonenko was appointed as the new prosecutor general in a separate executive order. But a replacement for Mr Bakanov is yet to be named. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.