A cabinet minister has called on Boris Johnson to resign and thrown her hat in the ring to be the next prime minister – but refused to leave the cabinet. Suella Braverman publicly told the defiant PM ‘it’s time to go’ and confirmed she would stand in the seemingly inevitable Tory leadership election. But she took the remarkable step of doing so without leaving her post, seeking to continue as attorney general despite admitting the man who appointed her is effectively squatting in Number 10. It a humiliating blow for Mr Johnson, the formerly staunch supporter questioned his authority while flouting the convention that she should resign in order to do so, effectively challenging the PM to kick her out. Ms Braverman is due to appear in the Commons shortly after 10am but it’s unclear if she will still be in post. Having publicly undermined the prime minister’s authority late last night, despite being a close ally stretching back to the Brexit campaign, Mr Johnson will be expected to sack her. Michael Gove was dismissed yesterday after he privately told the PM he no longer had his support in the face of dozens of government resignations. The government is digging in for a fight despite Simon Hart, the Welsh secretary, becoming the third member of the cabinet to resign. Speaking to ITV’s Robert Peston, Ms Braverman said the PM has handed the Chris Pincher affair ‘appallingly’ in recent days. She said: ‘The balance has tipped now in favour of saying that the Prime Minister – it pains me to say it – but it’s time to go.’ Asked if she was resigning, Ms Braverman said: ‘My first duty is to the country, Robert, and as attorney I’m the senior law officer. ‘And we’re in a crisis and I have statutory legal and constitutional duties… ‘I don’t want to resign because I have that duty. We need an attorney in government.’ Asked whether she recognises that Mr Johnson will likely sack her, she said: ‘That is his choice, and I will do whatever the prime minister asks me to do.’ Downing Street is braced for more resignations today but Mr Johnson’s allies have insisted he is determined to fight on. Last night, Number 10 said he and newly appointed chancellor Nadhim Zahawi will announce tax cuts and a new economic strategy in a joint speech. But there were chaotic scenes when a briefing that the speech would take place as soon as today were withdrawn within minutes and the event was pushed back until next week. James Duddridge, a parliamentary private secretary to the Prime Minister, said Mr Johnson is in a ‘buoyant mood’ and will ‘fight on’. Sir Graham Brady, chairman of the Tory 1922 Committee, spoke to Mr Johnson on Wednesday to set out the level of backbench opposition. A new executive for the committee will be elected on Monday which could change the leadership rules, allowing for another confidence vote just a month after the last one. If that rule change passes, Mr Johnson could face the poll of Tory MPs as soon as Tuesday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.