Summer has arrived and of course that means getting the swim wear out, heading to the beach and taking a dip, right? Well, not if you’re a fan of Shark Week which is kicking off with Dwayne Johnson – aka The Rock – as master of ceremonies later this month. The biggest TV event of the year for shark nuts will come crashing onto screens from July 24 and at a first glance at the line-up we’re in for the most WTF Shark Week to date. Naturally, the Jackass boys are back after one of their own cast members, Poppie, was actually bitten by a shark during their last programme for the special. Joining them on the bill is Stranger Things star Noah Schnapp, who will be diving to the bottom of the ocean to find the ‘strangest sharks’ out there. ‘I’m honoured to be your first-ever Shark Week Master of Ceremonies,’ Johnson said on Instagram. ‘Our Seven Bucks Productions has partnered with Discovery to bring you a very special (and badass) Shark Week. ‘I filmed exclusively in my home state of Hawaii, these beautiful predators, Aumakua (Gods), are deeply revered and respected in our Polynesian culture.’ While Shark Week is packed with mega content for shark fans, here’s Metro.co.uk’s pick of the wildest sounding shows coming your way. After Poopie’s bloody run-in with a shark during the last Shark Week, his Jackass co-stars Johnny Knoxville, Chris Pontius, Wee Man, Jasper, Dark Shark, Zach Holmes will be throwing him back into shark infested waters to help him get over his fear of them, as you do. Following reports of two extremely large sharks – Big Moe in the Florida Keys and Sunken in Andros, Bahamas – genuine suspicions emerge there’s a clan of ‘monster hammerheads’ lurking in the ocean, sharing the same DNA. It’s up to Dr Tristian Gutridge and Andy Casagrande to discover if the two extraordinary animals are in fact part of a bigger family of giant hammerheads. While we’re all still in recovery from the Stranger Things season 4 finale, Noah Schnapp – who stars as Will Byers in the trippy Netflix series – is teaming up with YouTuber Mark Rober to track down some of the strangest sharks in the ocean, exploring man made artificial reefs and even abandoned sea ruins. Think we’d rather be in the Upside Down, thanks. No, this won’t be a straight-up death match to see who comes out on top. Actually, the celebrity swimming pigs of the Bahamas are in danger after it’s believed the local tiger shark population has had a whiff of the bacon and they like what they smell. Could the pigs wiped out? Can sharks walk? Well apparently they’re evolving that way, according to biologist Forrest Galant, who travels to the Papua New Guinea to definitively prove his theory. A genuinely chilling case following the mysterious overnight disappearance of an entire great white population off the coast of South Africa. Alison Towner and her team investigate what happened to the countless sharks which roamed seal island, only to suddenly vanish. Think Big Brother underwater with sharks. After jaw-dropping footage of orcas killing a great white emerges, Dickie Chivell investigates by building his own ‘Shark House’, living on the sea bed for seven days straight to try and uncover what is behind the dwindling great white population in South Africa. Erm, what? Apparently there is a mind-blowing new ocean phenomenon called ‘The Blob’ which sends young great white sharks into a feeding frenzy for enormous 20ft adults off the coast of Guadalupe Island. This show investigates what exactly happens to the little great whites when said frenzy takes place – do they get lunch or become lunch? No, this will not be the the Love Island of Shark Week. Instead it will follow biologist Alison Towner who has spent years following great white migration patterns but is gathering an all-female crew to find the sharks she tagged that appear to have gone missing. Shark Week kicks off on Discovery on July 24th. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 