A new yellow warning for weather has been issued, warning of heavy rain and thunderstorms in parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland. It runs from 12pm until 9pm today, with flooding and interruption to power supplies possible. ‘Heavy showers or longer spells of rain with some thunderstorms likely to cause some travel disruption and flooding,’ the Met Office warning states. There is also likely to be rain more widely across the UK, with only the south and southeast of England stills seeing dry weather. ‘After a largely dry first three weeks of July, some of us are seeing some welcomed rain through the weekend,’ forecasters said. ‘But there’s a notable northwest-southeast split in where this rain is forecast to fall.’ They said that much of the country would see ‘mixed fortunes’ this morning with showers and longer periods of rain, ‘some of which could be heavy in places.’ For southeast England, it will be drier and ‘feel increasingly warm in the sunny intervals’. Firefighters tackled almost 50 emergency calls relating to flooding after the north-west of Northern Ireland was battered with heavy rain yesterday. There was another Met Office yellow weather warning in place in the area on Saturday evening. The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service said it received 106 emergency calls related to flooding between 7pm and 1.30am. Firefighters responded to 49 incidents. One person was rescued from a vehicle in water, and five people were rescued after becoming trapped within flooded properties. DUP Foyle MLA Gary Middleton said the heavy rain has had a ‘devastating impact’ on many properties across the area. On Saturday evening, the Western Health Trust said the Altnagelvin Hospital in Derry had to temporarily close some sections of the emergency department, while events at the Foyle Maritime Festival on Saturday evening were closed for the health and safety of visitors and staff. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.