There is no intelligence to say Vladimir Putin is in poor health or unstable, in fact he’s almost ‘too healthy’, the head of the CIA has said. The comments come after months of international speculation the Russian president is suffering from a serious illness, such as cancer or Parkinson’s disease. Videos of Putin looking unsteady on his feet, wrapped up against the cold, gripping onto tables, appearing bloated and disappearing from public life for long periods of time have all fuelled the rumours he is unwell. Several ‘sources’ close to the Kremlin have also claimed he is closely followed by a team of doctors and has had surgery in the past year. His insistence on meeting other world leaders at unusually long tables has also added to speculation he was worried about contracting Covid. The Kremlin has repeatedly denied the rumours which have dogged the president, who turns 70 this year, and has insisted he is well. Now, William Burns, the head of the CIA has said there is no evidence to suggest Putin is in poor health. ‘There are lots of rumours about President Putin’s health and as far as we can tell he’s entirely too healthy,’ Mr Burns said at the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado. Responding to laughter at the comment Mr Burns said the observation was not a formal intelligence judgement. Mr Burns who served as ambassador to Moscow, has more than two decades of experience in dealing with Putin. In November he travelled to the Russian capital to warn of the consequences of invading Ukraine, but said he left ‘more troubled than when I arrived’. He said Putin’s plans were based on ‘profoundly flawed assumptions and some real illusions, especially about Ukraine and the will to resist’. ‘Putin really does believe his rhetoric. I’ve heard him say privately over the years that Ukraine is not a real country,’ Mr Burns said. ‘Well, real countries fight back. And that’s what the Ukrainians have done.’ The CIA chief said Putin is ‘a big believer in control, intimidation and getting even’ and these traits have hardened over the last decade as his circle of advisers has contracted. ‘He is convinced that his destiny as Russia’s leader is to restore Russia as a great power,’ Mr Burns said. ‘He believes the key to doing that is to recreate a sphere of influence in Russia’s neighbourhood and he cannot do that without controlling Ukraine.’ Russia’s invasion of Ukraine has killed thousands, displaced millions and flattened cities, particularly in Russian-speaking areas in the east and southeast of the country. It has also raised global energy and food prices and increased fears of famine in poorer countries as Ukraine and Russia are both major grain producers. The United States estimates Russian casualties in Ukraine have reached around 15,000 fatalities with around 45,000 wounded, Mr Burns said. Russia classifies military deaths as state secrets even in times of peace and has not updated its official casualty figures frequently during the war. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.