Former President Donald Trump’s first wife, Ivana Trump, has died at the age of 73. ‘It is with deep sadness that we announce the passing of our beloved mother, Ivana Trump,’ the Trump family said in a statement to ABC News on Thursday afternoon. ‘Our mother was an incredible woman – a force in business, a world-class athlete, a radiant beauty, and caring mother and friend. ‘Ivana Trump was a survivor. She fled from communism and embraced this country. She taught her children about grit and toughness, compassion and determination. ‘She will be dearly missed by her mother, her three children and ten grandchildren.’ Ivana – whose three children with Donald are Donald Trump Jr, Ivanka Trump and Eric Trump – was found after police responded to a 12.40pm call for a person in cardiac arrest at 10 East 64th Street in Manhattan’s Upper East Side. She died at her home. The death is not considered suspicious and Ivana is believed to have passed of natural causes, according to officials. Born Ivana Marie Zelníčková, she grew up in the former Czechoslovakia and moved to Canada in the 1970s, before settling in the US. She married Donald in 1977. Donald wrote on his Truth Social platform: ‘I am very saddened to inform all of those that loved her, of which there are many, that Ivana Trump has passed away at her home in New York City. ‘She was a wonderful, beautiful, and amazing woman, who led a great and inspirational life. ‘Her pride and joy were her three children, Donald Jr, Ivanka, and Eric. She was so proud of them, as we were all so proud of her. Rest In Peace, Ivana!’ Ivana worked as a senior executive within the Trump Organization for years. However, her marriage became troubled as Donald’s affair with actress Marla Maples became public, and they finalized their divorce in 1992. Donald married Maples in 1993 and they had a daughter, Tiffany Trump, but divorced in 1999. Donald married Melania Trump in 2005. After the divorce, Ivana started her own clothing, jewelry and beauty product lines. She wrote several books including Raising Trump, which was published in 2017. In an ABC interview that year, Ivana said she had forgiven Donald. ‘He was a loving father, don’t get me wrong, and he was a good provider, but he was not the father which would take a stroll and go to the Central Park or go play to baseball with them or something,’ Ivana said at the time. When their children ‘were about 18-years-old’, she said, ‘he could communicate with them, because he could start to talk business with them’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.