Mark Wright has revealed he has been left with some ongoing side effects after having a lump removed from his armpit earlier last year. The former Towie star, 35, had opened up about a 12cm tumour he had removed from his armpit in December 2021, which was later determined to be non-cancerous. He has since revealed that he has been left with ongoing side effects from his surgery as the lump was in a delicate area with many nerve endings. Mark told The Mirror: ‘Where it was, where the operation was, there was a lot of nerves and nerve endings there, so they had to be really careful and that’s why it had to be so particularly done. ‘I chose my surgeon wisely because you can really mess the nerves up and, to be fair, even now down on my forearm, my skin stings a little bit and I have weird sensations and pins and needles sometimes.’ He added that his recovery after the op was also tough, explaining: ‘It was tough. It was quite a big operation, and it was under your armpit and when you’re walking your arm moves the whole time, so it wasn’t a nice feeling.’ While Mark’s tumour was thankfully not cancerous, he admitted the health scare made him more conscious of his own mortality, He explained: ‘I’ve always been quite aware of my health. I wouldn’t say I’m a hypochondriac, but I definitely always get checks. If I ever feel anything’s not completely right, I’ll go and get it checked out. ‘But it has scared me because it makes you feel you’re not immortal. You always think: “Ah yes, it’s not going to happen to me”. And then when something like that happens, it does give you a bit of a fear.’ He’d revealed the ordeal in December, telling fans on Instagram at the time: ‘I discovered a lump in my breast/armpit area. Not very big, but enough to cause concern and to be cautious enough to get it checked. ‘After some time the lump grew and began to bother me. I am someone that when it comes to life in general, I leave no stone unturned. When it involves health, this idiom quadruples.’ Mark was initially told it was a fatty lump but saw another specialist, a breast consultant, for a second opinion and had an MRI scan before seeing a sarcoma specialist, before being finally given the all clear. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : James Argent lives his best life in Alicante following 14-stone weight loss as he supports Towie pal Elliot Wright at restaurant opening MORE : Jeremy Clarkson’s ex-girlfriend ‘shocked’ to see Diddly Squat turned into a TV show: ‘He wanted peace and quiet’ 