Manchester United are on the verge of sealing a £46.5million deal for Lisandro Martinez – and have club legend and Ajax chief Edwin van der Sar to thank for finally reaching a breakthrough. The Red Devils have been chasing the Argentine defender – who was named the club’s Player of the Year last season – for several weeks but had struggled to agree a fee with the Eredivisie champions. Ajax have already lost Ryan Gravenberch and Noussair Mazraoui to Bayern Munich as well as Sebastien Haller to Borussia Dortmund this summer and had been extremely reluctant to lose any more of their stars. As a result, they had been playing hardball with both United and Arsenal over a fee for Martinez, with the Gunners having multiple bids rejected for the 24-year-old. But now Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf report that United have made a significant breakthrough after hours of talks with Ajax on Wednesday. The Red Devils have agreed to pay a total package worth €55million (£46.5m) which includes various bonuses and add-ons. All that is left now is for both clubs to agree on the terms and structure of the payment and get it signed off by, in Ajax’s case, the supervisory board, and in United’s case, the Glazers. Ajax chief executive Van der Sar – who, of course, played for United – is credited with playing a crucial role in Wednesday’s talks. It was the Dutchman who gave the transfer ‘a move in the right direction’ and now both United and Ajax are expecting to reach a full agreement on Thursday. Interestingly, Ajax’s hierarchy do not feel they will ever be offered such a large fee for Martinez again and have begrudgingly come to the conclusion that this is the right time to cash in on the centre-back – particularly given the reservations over his height. Martinez himself also played a big role in the transfer, with De Telegraaf reporting that he personally turned down Arsenal and then made it clear to Ajax that he only wanted a move to Old Trafford. The Argentine is keen to be reunited with old boss Erik ten Hag in Manchester and considers the transfer a ‘dream move’, with the centre-back eager to test himself in the Premier League. Martinez will become United’s second summer signing after Tyrell Malacia and they are still hoping to prise Frenkie de Jong from Barcelona – though the midfielder is still thought to have significant reservations about leaving Camp Nou. MORE : Manchester United’s deal to sign Frenkie de Jong ‘stalling’ after latest breakdown in talks MORE : Manchester United will offload three defenders once deal for Ajax star Lisandro Martinez has been confirmed For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 