There is nothing else in the world like seeing Adele play London. Taking to Hyde Park’s BST (and looking absolutely dazzling) the pressure was on – she hasn’t played a headline concert in a year and a half – but, gazing out at the thousands of people singing along to her hit Hello, she was immediately at home. She gave nothing short of perfection during the two-hour spectacular and, while her vocals were always going to be other-wordly, it was her unadulterated joy to be back on stage that made the night so special. Bursting into tears within the opening lines, the superstar’s delight was palpable, as she told the audience: ‘I am so happy to be here’. It seemed like an understatement for what was a night filled with laughter and tears. She mixed it up with newer hits like I Drink Wine, before throwing it back for I’ll Be Waiting and Rumour Has It. The crowds, which included celebs like Tom Cruise, Ant and Dec, and James Corden, as well as her beloved nine-year-old son Angelo, went absolutely wild for Skyfall, before living it up for Send My Love (To Your New Lover). Of course, in between giving us entirely flawless vocals, she chatted away to the crowd like everyone’s best friend. Giving us a rare insight into what she’s been up to, she shared her love for Billie Eilish (‘I was gonna go to Glastonbury but I went to see Billie Eilish at the O2. She was impeccable’) and admitted she’ll be ‘up all night’ bingeing the new episodes of Stranger Things. It was one of the first times she’d performed her single Easy On Me live, and she gave us absolute perfection, before leaving everyone hugging their loved ones for Make You Feel My Love. But one of the most moving moments – and perhaps one of the most unforgettable for her – came when the superstar was overcome with emotion hearing fans sing back her iconic hit Someone Like You. Hand on her heart, she blinked back tears as she returned to where she belongs. Set Fire To The Rain was punctuated by incredible pyrotechnics, and the star went on to thank everyone once again, leaving us with Rolling In The Deep, When We Were Young, and Love Is A Game. Once again, Adele has proven there’s no one doing it like her. She’s undoubtedly one of the best live performers in the world and, after 14 years of superstardom, she’s only getting better and better. Adele, we cannot wait to see you again. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele fans have ‘mad respect’ for star after she stops Hyde Park gig to help audience member in distress MORE : Adele stuns at long-awaited Hyde Park concert watched by Tom Cruise, James Corden and her son Angelo 