Plans for the first national heatwave emergency are reportedly being drawn up to deal with the soaring temperatures as the UK braces for what could be its hottest day ever this weekend. A national emergency is declared when the hot weather is so extreme that ‘illness and death may occur among the fit and healthy’, as well as the most vulnerable, according to the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA). Senior government officials held a Cobra meeting on Monday after the Met Office issued an amber weather warning for extreme heat across England and Wales, The Telegraph reports. The rare warning states there could be a danger to life or potential serious illness as a result of the scorching temperatures. Other issues could include road closures and delays or cancellations to rail and air travel. It is being enforced across the East Midlands, east of England, London, South East, North East, North West, South West, Wales, West Midlands and Yorkshire and Humber. Forecasters have said there is a 30% chance that Sunday will be the hottest day ever recorded in the UK – potentially breaking the 40°C mark. The warmest day on record in the UK was the 38.7°C scorcher recorded at Cambridge Botanic Garden in July 2019. On Monday, Wales recorded its hottest day of the year so far as the mercury reached 28.7°C in Cardiff’s Bute Park. In England, the temperature peaked at 32°C in Northolt, west London. England’s hottest day so far this year remains the 32.7°C recorded at Santon Downham, in Suffolk, on June 17. Network Rail has warned speed restrictions are likely to be in place this week on some parts of the network most affected by the hot weather. Fire services have urged people to have picnics instead of barbecues during the warm weather after a spate of grass fires. The AA Driving School and RAC meanwhile said motorists should carry water with them, start their journeys earlier in the day, plan their routes and check their vehicles before setting off. Hampshire County Council also said it was preparing to deploy gritters to protect cars against melting roads. The Met Office says the mercury is predicted to rise to 30°C in London, Chelmsford, in Essex, and Sudbury, in Suffolk, on Tuesday while the rest of England is expected to see temperatures soar to the late 20s. The whole of England is largely expected to experience sunny days with some cloud over the next week to match the temperatures of mid to high 20s. It will cool off a little on Friday, with the north-west and north-east of England predicted to have some rain with temperatures reaching highs of 19°C. Temperatures are expected to spike to 32C in Reading and London on Sunday and in excess of 35°C in the southeast. Scotland and Northern Ireland meanwhile are predicted to have a cloudier week, with rain forecast for Tuesday and Friday. Weather forecasting models suggest it is possible – though not likely – temperatures could reach 40°C in the UK next weekend. A Level Three Heat Health Alert has also been issued by the Met Office and the UKHSA in the east and south-east of England, with the rest of the nation having a level 2 alert in place. The four-level system highlights the potential health impacts of these high temperatures. On Monday, Met Office forecaster Simon Partridge said: ‘Parts of south-east England could exceed 35°C on Sunday. ‘At the moment, we are looking at a 30% chance of seeing the hottest temperature recorded in the UK.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.