It’s a brand new week, but you may feel like something from the past is holding you back. Your horoscope can help you prepare for a challenging day ahead. Leo, an unsettled feeling hints that it’s time to make some big decisions. Can’t get a straight answer out of someone, Aquarius? Try a subtle approach. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for July 18, 2022. Read on for your full forecast. March 21 to April 20 You could disguise your feelings and pretend everything is OK, or you could just say it like it is. There’s also the potential to be as tactful as you can, so as to not upset another. But if you’re really unsettled by something, your words may come spilling out. Pause to consider the consequences. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 The old ways could conflict with new ideas. If given a choice between relying on what works or opting for something different, it can be hard to decide. If you’re tired of a situation repeating itself then a fresh perspective might make the difference. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may think there’s no way out of a financial dilemma but you have more options than you realise. If you’ve been considering cutting back on essentials, hold fire. Things can be a little tight now but talking this over and getting ideas or advice could give you a range of options. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You might be doing too many things for too many people. Today, though, one request may prove too much and you’ll realise that, if you don’t say something, things could get out of control. Someone may try to make you feel guilty but you’ll have the satisfaction of taking back your power. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 In a restless mood? Even so, there might be something preventing you from moving ahead. Are you craving a challenge? It could be that you’re stuck with a job you don’t like but can’t give up or that you have too much to do with no time for anything new. It’s time for some key decisions. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Some people have a knack for making life complicated, whereas you are so busy you don’t have time to faff around. You know what works. If someone suggests something you know is rubbish, there is no point in being polite. Say no as you hurtle toward success. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 If your confidence has dipped due to someone’s edgy remarks, then simply shrug it off. Focus on all the wonderful things you have accomplished. It might be a family member or someone close who wants to protect you. You’ll need to let them know that you can look after yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Your head might be spinning as you attempt to work out the details of a problem. Have difficulty knowing what to do next? If there are powerful emotions involved, it could make things even more tricky. When all else fails, try letting your instincts take over. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You might seem in a sunny mood on the surface but intense deeper feelings are hard to let go of. Are you involved in a conflict? It may be down to a difference of opinion. If you can begin to discuss the issue, things could untangle. Even so, you will need to rise above resentment. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Is there someone you are keen to meet? If so, you could become more curious about what might unfold if you do. They’ll be very perceptive, so it’s best to be upfront about your intentions as you’ll have a much better chance of things going well. If it’s a romantic bond, it would be unwise to rush into it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Guessing what someone is thinking is never easy but getting them to talk openly might be difficult. The only way you could make any headway is by asking subtle questions that can tell you a lot. You may also come straight to the point and take it from there. They can either respond or not. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 If there’s been a misunderstanding then making amends might be easier in the days ahead, especially if you take charge of the process. This might be the last thing you feel like doing but the person who most stands to gain is you. Any tension you’ve felt can begin to melt away. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your weekly tarot horoscope for July 17 to July 23 and Mercury's move into Leo MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the month of July MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you