Temperatures next week could reach an unprecedented 40°C in England, and schools are taking measures to ensure pupils and staff are protected. Some schools across the UK are already considering closing on Monday and Tuesday after the Met Office issued a first-ever red weather warning for extreme heat. Others staying open will introduce measures such as adjusted timetables, closing early, allowing pupils to wear PE kits or rescheduling sports days. Great Dunham Primary in Norfolk advised that all pupils should ‘wear PE kits rather than uniform on Monday and Tuesday’. They added that pupils should bring a sunhat, suncream and water, and would not be allowed to play outside at lunchtime. Another school to implement the PE kit rule is the Co-op Academy Swinton in Greater Manchester, which said the change on Monday and Tuesday was a ‘temporary adjustment to the requirements for uniform’. Arnold Hill Spencer Academy in Nottingham also said pupils will have the option to wear their PE kit, while pupils preferring to wear uniform will not need to wear a blazer or tie on Monday or Tuesday. On Thursday, the government signposted heatwave guidance for teachers, with guidance that children sweat less than adults and can not regulate their body temperature as well. The guidance recommends teachers should encourage children to wear loose clothing and wide brimmed hats. Teachers should open windows to provide ventilation before pupils arrive in the morning and keep the use of lights and electric equipment to a minimum. Mechanical fans can be used at temperatures below 35°C but anything above makes dehydration worse. The government warned that pupils with heat stress ‘may seem out of character and show signs of discomfort and irritability’, while signs of heat exhaustion can include tiredness, nausea and confusion. St John’s CE Middle School Academy in Bromsgrove has said pupils ‘can come to school wearing non-uniform to enable children to wear loose, light-coloured clothing that will help keep them as cool as possible’. The school said it would sell ice pops to pupils in aid of Cancer Research, and that pupils would be encouraged not to run during playtimes to prevent heat exhaustion. Students at Houlton School in Warwickshire have also been told that they will be able to wear the school PE kit instead of their uniforms from Monday to Wednesday. In a letter to parents, the school’s principal added that ‘pupils do not need to be outside at any time if they do not wish to be’ during the extreme weather. The Hereford Academy in the West Midlands is allowing secondary school pupils to start early next week and finish at 2pm to allow them to be ‘away for the hottest part of the day’. The academy said it would also bring its sports day forward to avoid the high temperatures next week. Clapton Girls’ Academy in east London will also be sending pupils home at 12.30pm on Monday and Tuesday. Headteacher Anna Feltham wrote to parents to say: ‘Already, many classrooms are very hot, even with fans, and students are struggling to keep cool, drink enough water and maintain concentration in lessons.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.