Antonio Conte has accused Julian Nagelsmann of lacking respect after he openly admitted he would be interested in signing Tottenham talisman Harry Kane. The German giants are unlikely to sign a direct replacement for Robert Lewandowski, whose drawn out move to Barcelona was finally confirmed earlier this week, and will rely on the likes of new signing Sadio Mane and Serge Gnabry to fill the void left by the prolific Pole. Kane would represent something close to a like-for-like Lewandowski replacement but he is unattainable this summer having committed to Conte’s rebuilding project just 12 months after he was on the brink of joining Manchester City. On Friday, Nagelsmann admitted he was a huge fan of the England captain and although he would prove too expensive in the current market, a move in the future would not be out of the question. Very expensive, that’s the problem, but a brilliant player,’ said Nagelsmann of Kane. ‘One of the best forwards, perhaps one of two or three centre forwards that who really can play centre forward. ‘Last couple of years he didn’t really play centre forward, he dropped a little bit to number 10, he can play number 10 as well. ‘Very strong, brilliant with his head, it could be possible that he could score a lot of goals in the Bundesliga. But it will be tough for Bayern Munich, we will see what will happen in the future.’ Kane, meanwhile, continued his outstanding pre-season form on Saturday with two smartly taken second-half goals in Saturday’s 2-1 win over Rangers at Ibrox, after which Conte was asked about Nagelsmann’s comments. He said: ‘Honestly I didn’t hear this. For sure I’m a coach who doesn’t talk about players from other teams. I don’t know why [this happened]. ‘The situation at Tottenham is very clear. The plan is very clear with the club. Harry is a part of the project. He is a very important part of the project and yeah only rumours. ‘At the same time I repeat I don’t like to speak about players from another club. If I want to do something I go to speak to the club, not through the media. I think maybe it’s a bit disrespectful for the other club. This is my way. ‘This is my way to face the situation with other players.’ MORE : Bayern Munich boss Julian Nagelsmann hints at Harry Kane interest but admits ‘problem’ MORE : Antonio Conte distances himself from Djed Spence move at Tottenham For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 