A 22-year-old man has been charged with murdering nine-year-old Lilia Valutyte, who was stabbed in the street on Thursday. Lithuanian national Deividas Skebas will appear in court tomorrow accused of killing the girl. She had reportedly been playing with her younger sister close to where their mum was working, with local residents telling how a hula hoop and a toy pram were left at the scene. Skebas was detained after four CCTV images were released of a man detectives said they wished to trace. They showed a man in the Wormgate and Fountain Lane area of Boston at 6.15pm on Thursday, five minutes before Lilia was found dead. Lincolnshire Police also said that two people who were arrested earlier this week have now been released with no further action. Officers previously said that they are not looking for anyone else in connection with the death. Lincolnshire Police said in a statement this evening: ‘Lilia tragically died following an incident in Fountain Lane, Boston, at around 6.20pm on July 28. She is believed to have suffered a stab wound. ‘Her parents are being supported by specially trained officers, and we would urge for their privacy to be respected at this particularly difficult time. Their welfare continues to be a priority for us.’ Chief Superintendent Martyn Parker said: ‘This is a heartbreaking case that has affected many people in Boston, and further afield. ‘Our thoughts continue to be with Lilia’s family at this exceptionally difficult time. ‘The response to such a devastating incident has involved committing significant resources to the investigation, and engaging with people in Boston who are understandably shocked by Lilia’s death. ‘Our officers have been in the town, speaking to the public and listening to their concerns. We’ll continue to maintain a significant presence over the coming days. ‘Finally, I’d like to extend my thanks once again to the public and the media, who have provided help in a challenging and fast-moving case. Your support is appreciated by our officers and staff.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.