Great Britain’s No.1 Cameron Norrie is set for a Wimbledon semi-final showdown with champion Novak Djokovic on Friday. The 26-year-old is enjoying his best-ever run at a Grand Slam and has already beaten David Goffin, Tommy Paul, Steve Johnson, Jaume Munar and Pablo Andujar at the 2022 Championships. Born in South Africa and raised in New Zealand by British parents, Norrie has represented Great Britain in professional tennis since 2013 and is coached by Argentine Facundo Lugones – who won ATP Coach of the Year for 2021. Here are five must-know facts as the ninth seed, ranked world No.12, bids to become the first British man since Andy Murray to reach a major final… Cam Norrie’s father is from Scotland and the British tennis star has supported Scottish football team Rangers his whole life. The Glasgow-based club reached out to Norrie on Twitter following his third-round win over Steve Johnson, posting: ‘Congratulations, @cam_norrie. We would love to welcome you and your dad to a game at Ibrox this season.’ Norrie responded to the Tweet, posting: ‘Love it, I’d definitely be up for it.’ He recently spoke about Rangers’ Europa League final defeat to Eintracht Frankfurt, explaining how his dad almost got a ticket but instead watched it from a bar in Spain and that it’s easier for him to watch football than his son’s matches. ‘I think he can enjoy the Rangers matches a little bit more,’ Norrie said. ‘He’s sitting down with a beer, he gets to relax and enjoy it. But I think with watching me, he doesn’t get the chance to do it too often.’ Cam Norrie has met Novak Djokovic once before, at the 2021 ATP Finals in Italy where the Serbian 20-time major winner claimed a 6-2 6-1 victory. Speaking after the match, Norrie said: ‘I think I played a couple of loose points in the first service game and he relaxed a little bit there, but I’ve watched him quite a lot and he was very solid, he gave me nothing really. ‘I knew he had a good serve. I didn’t really know it was going to be this good. I think he had a very good serving day. For my level and for me to compete with him, I think there were too many free points, too many easy points in there. ‘But I think it comes down a little bit to the fact you’re playing him, and you try to overplay at times. He was too good, very relaxed, he’s playing amazing and the conditions are perfect for him. Too good for me today.’ Cam Norrie is a four-time winner on the ATP Tour and his highest-ever ranking came in April when he found himself as the world No.10. Arguably the biggest result of his career came at the 2021 Masters 1000 Indian Wells when he lifted the trophy after beating Nikoloz Basilashvili in the final. He has also won the 250 Series Los Cabos Open earlier that year, and in 2022 he has won two more events at the same level: the Delray Beach Open and Lyon Open. Against top-10 players Norrie has a 4-19 record with wins coming over John Isner in 2018, Dominic Thiem and Andrey Rublev last year and Stefanos Tsitsipas this year. Cam Norrie is a left-hander known for his unorthodox groundstrokes and has previously stated that he enjoys long, physical battles. He also possesses a strong net game and is known to sometimes serve-and-volley. ‘I am backing myself physically against the best in the world and when I am playing physical tennis and making the other guy suffer that’s when I am having success,’ he has said in the past. ‘I am not quite as talented as some of the other guys in terms of the skill level but I am improving every year and am pleased with where I am at.’ Cam Norrie gave an emotional interview following his quarter-final win over David Goffin, reaching his first-ever Grand Slam semi-final. ‘Honestly, I’m just speechless,’ he said. ‘I can’t even talk. So happy to get through with such a great team, and such a great family and friends here.’ Asked how big a part the crowd played, he added: ‘For sure, it just wasn’t going my way from the beginning. I wasn’t feeling good, wasn’t feeling the ball, and that was all credit to David he was moving me, playing really good and I couldn’t find my game. ‘And then thanks to you guys I managed to stay as patient as I could and it was all just adrenaline. I tried to use my legs at the end and try to put the ball in the court and it was great to get over the line. ‘It’s great to win this but it only gets tougher. I know [Novak Djokovic is] going to come out and I’m going to enjoy that and take it to him and hopefully you guys can get behind me again – I’m sure you will.’ MORE : Emotional Cam Norrie reacts to reaching Wimbledon semi-final against Novak Djokovic MORE : What is the Wimbledon prize money and how much do the winners get? For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 