Carrie Johnson and baby Romy were seen outside No 10 as the Prime Minister delivered his highly anticipated resignation speech. Boris Johnson could do with all the moral support he can get, as more and more of his own MPs are screaming for him to go. Seven-month-old Romy and her mum were stood among the Tory leader’s close aides as he stood on the podium in Downing Street. Dressed in a £325 resignation red dress from LK Bennett, Mrs Johnson was all smiles as she showed up to support the father of her two children. It marks the first time Romy’s face has been seen in public, with pictures previously being taken from behind. The PM said he wanted the public to know ‘how sad I am to be giving up the best job in the world – but them’s the breaks’. Johnson admitted that ‘no one is indispensable’ in the world of politics, but said he was putting together his so-called ‘unity cabinet’ to keep things ticking along. He had a surprising upbeat tone as he confirmed his departure from office – despite a very turbulent few days which saw a mass exodus of ministers. Acknowledging the sacrifices his wife has had to make during his time in office, he said: ‘I want to thank Carrie and my children and all my family, who have put up with so much for so long.’ Since Tuesday 59 members of his government have left, as anger mounts over his handling of the Chris Pincher groping allegations. Initially he dug his heels and refused to leave, but he had a change of heart this morning when his new Chancellor – appointed on Tuesday – called for him to go. It was clear that today’s conference outside No 10 was a resignation speech, but Johnson managed to do it without actually saying he’d resigned. The PM said it is ‘clearly now the will’ of the parliamentary Conservative Party that there should be a new leader, and therefore a new Prime Minister. He added: ‘The process of choosing that new leader should begin now and the timetable will be announced next week. ‘And I’ve today appointed a Cabinet to serve, as I will, until a new leader is in place.’ Many expect Johnson to stay on as a caretaker Prime Minister while a new leader is elected during the summer recess – in time for the next party conference in October. But others in his party said he should go as soon as possible while someone else – probably Dominic Raab – temporarily held the fort. MORE : Inside the whirlwind life of Carrie Johnson and how ex-PM Boris’ wife has dealt with the spotlight MORE : From rebel, to king, to failure: The rise and fall of Boris Johnson MORE : Boris Johnson’s speech in full after standing down as prime minister Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.