Jacques O’Neill left the Love Island villa this week and already Adam Collard has darted straight to Paige Thorne. Adam retuned to Love Island after four years, and during his stay he’s already shaken the couples, inspiring a row between Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti and, in part, being behind Jacques’ exit. Last night Adam said he’d ‘won the jackpot’ with Jacques out of the villa and it quickly became clear he’s going to be making moves on Paige. And now a first look from tonight’s episode has revealed Paige has the ‘fanny flutters’ for Adam already. But according to Metro.co.uk’s resident Love Island body language expert Judi James in the latest episode of our weekly series Love or Lie Island, Paige already showed a huge sign she is all for Adam’s advances. Judi told us she isn’t buying Adam’s ‘you make me nervous’ spiel, but looking at Paige’s response it’s clear that she is. ‘You could see we went from that head wobble thing that she does, and the cheeky grin but then we got this huge flat signal. ‘The tongue licked out the side of the mouth. Now, if it had come out the front, it would have been a gesture of rejection, but a lick of the side of the mouth – he didn’t have to get his eye spy book of flirting out to realise that she probably did fancy him at that point.’ Judi stressed that it was a ‘prolonged gesture as well’, insisting: ‘She certainly does appear interested.’ However, like the rest of us, Judi doesn’t want to see Paige’s heart broken again after sobbing ‘genuine tears’ for Jacques when he fled the villa and returned home this week. Jacques told Paige he’d be waiting for her when she leaves, which could be another three weeks away and, as we all know, a lot can happen in three weeks. He did, however, urge her to continue her Love Island journey and ‘don’t even think about me when I leave’. Also in the latest episode of Love Island, we investigate what really caused Ekin-su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti’s row, Gemma Owen and Luca Bish’s week of ups and downs and where is it going wrong for Danica Taylor? Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Watch the full episode of Love or Lie Island here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 