Love Island viewers were left in hysterics after an Unseen Bits clip tonight which featured Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu mimicking Luca Bish by copying his accent and even sucking Gemma Owen’s toes. Luca has been coupled up with Michael Owen’s 19-year-old daughter since early days of being in the villa, and seems besotted with her. So besotted, in fact, he’s even sucked her toes a few times. While the girls were in Casa Amor, Ekin-Su was spotted massaging sun-cream into Gemma’s feet, and imitated Luca’s voice and captivation over her. ‘I want a foot massage by Luca… and then for him to suck them,’ Gemma began, before Ekin-Su jumped to the task, saying: ‘I can give you one!’ ‘You can imagine I’m Luca right now,’ she continued, while Gemma said: ‘Okay, I’ll close my eyes.’ In a hilarious imitation of Luca’s voice, Ekin-Su continued, saying: ‘Gem, you alright babe, do you want a drink babe? Gemma I’m obsessed with you! Gemma do you want me to suck your toe? Gemma, you alright yeah? Babe do you want a toastie? Do you want a cuddle?’ Gemma replied: ‘I don’t think he’s ever called me babes once!’ while Ekin-Su pretended to suck Gemma’s toes. Viewers were in hysterics over the impression with one saying Ekin-Su ‘nailed’ it, and another calling it ‘spot on’. Luca introduced the toe-sucking segment previously, as the islanders were sat on the day beds. ‘I prefer your right foot, I’d say,’ Luca began, continuing: ‘It’s weird when boys suck people’s toes and that,’ before doing exactly that while massaging Gemma’s feet. ‘Not really,’ Gemma replied. He then sucked her toes a few times, and fellow islanders was just as unimpressed as the viewers at home. ‘Were you about to suck her toes then?’ Paige Thorne said, ‘You’re disgusting!’ He then pretended he hadn’t, while Gemma said: ‘Luca, don’t get embarrassed in front of people,’ admitting she ‘likes’ it. He then did it again, leading Ekin-Su to admit she was ‘jealous’ while Gemma demanded him to do it again. The rest of the islanders were left partly disgusted and partly amused, while those watching at home were horrified. ‘That toe sucking sequence should not have lasted that long or even begun,’ one viewer wrote. Another added: ‘That toe sucking should have stayed unseen.’ A third penned: ‘Michael Owen has just had to watch Luca suck his daughters toes,’ with several laughing emojis. Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Antigoni Buxton defends Tasha Ghouri after online trolling and social media abuse: ‘She’s not done anything reckless’ MORE : Andrew Le Page’s family slam Tasha Ghouri’s ‘crocodile tears’ after explosive Love Island row 