Towie star Yazmin Oukhellou has been spotted for the first time after returning to the UK following a car crash in Turkey. The reality star was injured in a crash last week which claimed the life of Jake McLean, who is the ex of fellow Towie star Lauren Goodger. It’s believed McLean was driving when he lost control of the car, and despite the best efforts of emergency services, his life could not be saved. Yazmin was rushed to hospital where she was described by her representative as being in a stable condition and recovering from the accident. Now the star has returned to the UK, and has been seen for the first time since the tragedy as she recovers from her injuries. In photos, Yazmin was seen leaving her home in Essex with her mother, Lisa. The 28-year-old, who suffered serious injuries to her arm in the accident, could be seen wearing a sling and a cast up to above her elbow in the pictures. Yazmin dressed in comfortable dark clothes as well as dark sunglasses as she stepped out with her mother, who had reportedly flown to Turkey to be with her daughter following the accident. She was seen getting into the passenger side of the car as her mum drove them both away. It comes just under two weeks since Yazmin and 34-year-old McLean were involved in the horror crash in the Turkish resort of Bodrum. The pair have been dating on and off since 2019 after she broke up with her long-term partner James Lock. Former and current Towie stars have wished Yazmin a speedy recovery on social media, and offered their condolences to the family and friends of McLean. His former girlfriend Lauren took to Instagram the day after the news broke, writing: ‘R.I.P Jake. I have no words right now. ‘My thoughts are with your family and friends.’ Days later, Lauren suffered further tragedy when she announced her newborn daughter, Lorena, had died shortly after birth. The 34-year-old, who also shares daughter Larose with Charles Drury, shared that she didn’t suffer any pregnancy or labour complications, writing that ‘words can’t describe as a mother losing your baby that I carried for all these months perfectly and gave birth too for my angel to be taken from me’. Lauren later shared her grief on Instagram Stories as she played the lyrics to A Mother’s Prayer, which read: ‘Lead her to a place. ‘Guide her with your grace. To a place where she’ll be safe.’ MORE : Towie’s Yazmin Oukhellou stable and recovering in hospital after surgery following fatal car crash MORE : Towie cast members praying for Yazmin Oukhellou as her mum flies to Turkey after horror crash left her in hospital and killed Jake McLean 