Team GB won two more medals as the World Athletics Championships in Oregon came to an end overnight, while the men’s pole vault and women’s 110m hurdles world records were broken in stunning fashion. In the women’s 800m final Keely Hodgkinson narrowly missed out on gold as she finished less than a second behind rival Athing Mu in a thrilling sprint to the finish line. 20-year-old Hodgkinson was behind Mu heading into the final corner before closing right up behind the Olympic champion as they entered the final straight, but could not make the overtake, coming home in a time of 1:56.38 to take the silver medal. ‘I gave it everything right up to the line,’ Hodgkinson said. ‘A world silver is not too bad. It adds fuel to the fire. I will go away and I still have more championships to come so will have to refocus for that. I’m gunning for a bit more so I am looking forward to next year.’ Mu is also 20 and beat Hodgkinson by just over half-a-second in the Olympic final in Tokyo last year, and the pair seem to dominate the event for the foreseeable future. The Team GB 4x400m women’s relay squad managed to secure bronze in their final, meanwhile. Victoria Ohuruogu, Nicole Yeargin and Laviai Nielsen were joined by hurdler Jessie Knight for the final medal event of the Championships, and they finished in third place behind the United States of America and Jamaica with a time of 3:22.64. In the men’s pole vault final, Sweden’s Armand Duplantis broken his own world record with a sensational performances which none of his competitors could compete with. The 22-year-old managed to jump 6.21m, beating his own previous record of 6.2m that he set in Belgrade earlier this year. Celebrating with a somersault in front of fans in the stands, this was the fifth time that Duplantis has broken the world record. No other vaulter in the final managed to jump higher than 5.94m. ‘I was so caught up in trying to win and capture the gold that honestly the world record thing was just an afterthought,’ Duplantis explained. ‘It didn’t cross my mind during the competition because I just wanted to win so badly. To be able to do it in the fashion I did is very special. It is something I am very grateful for.’ Tobi Amusan of Nigeria also earned a world record in the women’s 110m hurdles event, finishing in a time of 12.12 to beat the USA’s Kendra Harrison to spot in the semi-final by eight-hundredths-of-a-second, before taking gold in the final of the event. ‘I wanted to get out and go,’ said Amusan. ‘I did what I had to do. I believe in my abilities but I was not expecting a world record at these championships. The final two podium finishes mean Team GB has finished with a total of seven medals at these Championships, with five bronzes plus Hodgkinson’s silver and the gold earned by Jake Wightman in the men’s 1500m. The USA finished top with a total of 33 medals, ahead of Ethiopia and Jamaica who finished second and third on ten each. MORE : Watch the touching moment Jake Wightman's dad Geoff commentates on his son winning gold MORE : New-look GB team wins 4x100m relay bronze but Dina Asher-Smith suffers injury scare For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 