A major fire is burning right next to the A2 carriageway on the outskirts of London, with terrifying video showing vehicles driving through the smoke. The road is in Dartford, a town south east of the capital as the city becomes the county of Kent. It comes during a heatwave on the hottest day ever recorded in the UK, with temperatures rising above 40°C at a number of places including Heathrow, St James’ Park and Kew Gardens. A row of houses were destroyed in Dartford this afternoon after a grass fire spread to residential areas. Horrendous pictures show thick black smoke billowing into the air, with buildings and fields on fire in Wennington, close to the Dartford Crossing. London Fire Brigade has declared a major incident due to the sheer scale of the fires breaking out across the city today. Regarding the fire by the A2, Kent Fire and Rescue Service said they were at the scene of a fire on Dartford Heath. ‘Twelve fire engines are at the scene, and crews are using hose reel jets and main jets to tackle the blaze, involving areas of undergrowth and trees,’ they said. ‘No casualties have been reported. People driving on the A2 and other nearby roads are being advised to take extra care, due to smoke drifting across from the incident. ‘Please share this information with anyone who may not have social media.’ India Boyle, 24, who lives nearby, said: ‘You could feel the heat of it and the whole heath was becoming engulfed in flames, edging right out to the hard shoulder of the A2. ‘Fire fighters came on site and directed the traffic and eventually partially closed it. ‘The fire was spreading really quickly and it came right up to the beginning of the bridge. ‘It’s somewhere I normally walk towards the local town and lots of people walk their dogs there, very close to home. ‘It’s a worrying time as these fires can spread so wide if not gotten under control. ‘I’m so grateful to those fire fighters, especially in this heat. I believe they are still trying to get it under control.’ Elsewhere, horrendous pictures show thick black smoke billowing into the air, with buildings and fields on fire in Wennington, close to the Dartford Crossing. Some homes were completely gutted in the flames as England became a tinderbox with unprecedented heat following weeks of warm weather leading to dry grass and undergrowth. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.