If you have a drawer full of sex toys, you may be overloaded with choices when it comes to choosing the perfect one at the perfect moment. However, Australian brand Frenchie’s new vibrator is changing the game, offering multiple uses in one innovative device. The Double Entendre features dual motors and added flexibility, meaning increased pleasure for you and your partner alike. It can bend to your needs, and you can use the vibrator internally, externally, or both at once, whether you’re enjoying solo or partnered sex. Despite its sleek design, the toy packs a serious punch when it comes to power, with four speed settings and different vibration patterns. Designed to be inclusive to what Frenchie founder Shayne Mele calls ‘a new generation of lovers’, the Double Entendre has a long body to cater to the majority of vulva owners who experience orgasms through clitoral stimulation – whatever position you’re in. Additionally, a G-spot stimulator reaches all those internal areas to make for some mindblowing sensations: Try rocking and rolling the Double Entendre in and out, apply rhythmic pressure or massages in a circular motion. As the name suggests, you can target these two areas at once by curving the narrow part of the toy around to hit your G-spot, with the larger side sitting atop the vulva for full-body bliss. While you’re at it, don’t forget the backside! ‘It’s normal to get stuck into a routine when it comes to sex,’ adds Shayne, ‘but with the help of Frenchie we want to ensure absolutely everybody feels empowered to experiment their sexual desires in a fun and safe way.’ In bleu and melon colourways, the Double Entendre is a pleasure-seeking device for anyone, no matter your sexual preference or style between the sheets. Fancy giving it a go? Buy the Double Entendre for £60 RRP with free shipping from Frenchie. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Venus in Cancer delivers supercharged sex and intimacy – here’s what each star sign can expect MORE : How to have sex in a heatwave – the best positions and top tips to keep cool