If you’re in the mood for a night out where you can feast on brisket-laden tacos, cheese-stuffed churros and meatball-loaded fries on a roof terrace twinkling with fairy lights before repairing to your neon-lit room to wig out to classic Manchester vinyl on your record player, you’ve come to the right place. There’s even a guitar in your room. Everything conspires to a party atmosphere at The DogHouse Manchester. I resisted sinking a beer while performing my ablutions, although the fridge in the shower (yes, actually set into the tiles, with a can holder beside the showerhead!) can be loaded as part of a package or for £25. Ditto with the five litres of Punk IPA that can be provided on tap in your room (£40). All this is on top of complimentary beer you receive at check-in and the free beer offered as a reward for reusing towels during stays of more than one night. This really is no place to come for a quiet night in watching Netflix with room service – although in-room dining, including 24-hour hot dogs orderable via WhatsApp, is an option. USP: Despite all the decadence, The DogHouse has strong eco credentials, as befits BrewDog’s B Corp certification for inclusivity and sustainability. Don’t miss the air-purifying, biodiversity-promoting living wall of 26,000 plants or the complimentary Brompton bikes. As well as that rooftop bar with its taco hut, there’s a lively ground-floor bar with 30 taps and breakfasts to suit every kind of hangover – go for healthy resuscitation with a granola (£5.95) or blast the pain away with bao buns with gochujang-fried bacon, shredded chilli omelette and spring onion chutney (£10.95). The 18 rooms are cosy and atmospheric, painted in dark hues with rough concrete ceilings and parquet flooring. Waffle robes are perfect for snuggling up in as you pile into the vast minibar of treats ranging from spiced popcorn to sexy bottled spirits. And if even that leaves you wanting, the corridors are dotted with shelves of free jars of sweets. Who goes there?: The roof terrace is a happy mix of local and hotel guests, many of whom are craft beer enthusiasts here for a unique immersive experience. Venture out: Whether you use the free bike or head out on foot, central Manchester lies within a few minutes’ reach, including the Northern Quarter with its hip bars and boutiques, glossy shopping and entertainment area Spinningfields, and cultural gems such as the Manchester Art Gallery (free). Rooms from £145pn, book via the BrewDog website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can get spa treatments with your dog at a Manchester hotel MORE : Wellness is catching on in Santorini – we tried a luxury hotel offering a slice of mindfulness MORE : There are five types of people at a hotel breakfast buffet – which one are you?