A former gang member who was found with Class A crack in his backside has told a judge he is tired of prison and just wants to spend time with his nan by the beach. Ashley Keany, 35, from Preston in Lancashire, has been in and out of custody since 2007. But he claimed he is now done with the criminal lifestyle when he appeared at Preston Crown Court on July 14 on drug supply charges. In June 2021, Keany was arrested for breaching the terms of his licence. When he was taken into custody, 16.1g of high purity cocaine was found inside his clenched buttocks. He pleaded guilty to possession with intent to supply class A drugs on the basis it was ‘only for sharing with his stepdad’. Beth Pilling, prosecuting, said Keany had no further intention to supply. Defence barrister Daniel Harman summarised a letter Keany wrote to the judge. Keany wrote: ‘Here I am again, after 20 years of being in and out of prison.. It’s time to grow up. I just want to go for a day out in Lytham and sit on a bench with my nan.’ He was previously jailed in for eight years for his involvement in a Preston gang which used Avenham Park as its headquarters to pedal heroin and crack. They were responsible for hiding a live and loaded firearm in a hollowed-out tree and used a catcall howl to signal to drug users and gang members that they were in the area. While in prison, he struck up a relationship with a police officer and was sentenced to another three-and-a-half-years in prison. This was because he set up a drugs racket from his cell at HMP Garth and convinced the officer to smuggle steroids inside for him. When he was released, he breached the terms of his licence sparking a police appeal which saw his face circulated on social media. He was sent straight back to prison when officers found the crack in his backside. Mr Harman said Keany wants to be a good role model for his three children now. He said: ‘This was his own stuff he was sharing with a relative he was staying with. ‘It can’t be categorised as dealing. It is supply, the same as somebody sharing a joint.’ Jailing him for two years and four months, Judge Simon Medland QC said: ‘I take good account of the points you make through Mr Harman. ‘Your observations that you would just like to be left alone to live your life, see your kids and sit on a bench with your grandma – I understand that. ‘There is only one person on the face of the earth who can achieve that, and that is you. You will achieve this if you keep yourself off drugs and away from drugs. ‘This is now your second offence. If you are convicted of another the court will have to start at seven years. You are plainly someone who has insight into your condition. ‘If I were to ask you whether you enjoy being in prison, looking at a prison wall every day, having a few showers a week and not being able to see your kids? I can see you are shaking your head. Of course you don’t. ‘Well, people can help you stay out of prison and off drugs and away from crime but you are the only person who can actually do that. ‘I hope you do resolve finally to live a life where you are not always going to be being looked over by the police and they are not going to be knocking your door down. ‘You are someone who could get a job and have money in your pocket and have a quiet family life and have something to look forward to, but it has got to be done by you.’ Keany will remain behind bars until June 2023 at the earliest. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.