More than a million people joined Pride celebrations in London today for its 50th anniversary – and among them, there were quite a few dogs as well. We usually do a round up of people’s doggy friends when it comes to polling day, but it seems like voting is not the only way the nation’s canines like to make their voices heard. They’re also here in rainbow gear, protesting and partying, and looking extremely cute as they do it. This year’s parade, from Hyde Park Corner to Whitehall, pays homage to the original 1972 march and it is one to remember, with clear skies lit up with colour. Those attending can do plenty of celeb spotting, with attendees including former Olympic athlete Dame Kelly Holmes, who recently came out publicly as gay, and Joe Locke, star of Netflix’s hit LGBT show Heartstopper. There are also activists, politicians, bikers, and more for the capital’s first Pride since the pandemic. But, we know you came here for the dogs. So without further ado, here are some of the most pawesome allies around this afternoon: Floats lined Park Lane in London ahead of the main march, led by Gay Liberation Front (GLF) activists holding placards saying ‘I was there in 1972’ and that they are ‘still fighting’ for global LGBT+ freedom. Special mention also goes to those attending the Pride dog show in Bristol, where there were some strong looks on display… Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said there was still a ‘danger’ to the LGBTQ+ community of ‘discrimination, bias and violence’ and warned against being ‘complacent’. He said: ‘This year is the 50th anniversary of Pride, celebrating this community, celebrating the progress made, but also continuing to campaign and never be complacent. ‘We saw this time last week an attack in Oslo just hours before that parade, where two people lost their lives and more than 20 were injured. ‘So, we’ve got to be conscious of the fact that there’s still a danger to this community of discrimination, bias and violence. But allies like me are really important to support this community.’ He said people are marching for an ‘open, inclusive accepting world’. A sentiment we’re sure these dogs can agree with. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 