It was chaos behind the scenes at BBC Breakfast on Sunday morning after technicians rushed to repair a screen ahead of the episode airing. Workers beavered away when the corporation’s flagship programme kicked off as usual at 6am. The Travel Show then aired , as uaual, with the episode of BBC Breakfast resuming at 7am with presenters Roger Johnson and Sima Kotecha at the helm. While the duo didn’t mention the nightmare that ensued while the programme was off air, they did shed some light on what happened on social media. Roger explained the issues alongside a picture of the tech team working hard to get the show back on track, writing: ‘Running repairs to @BBCBreakfast computers … while you’re enjoying The Travel Show! Back online for 7am.’ When asked whether he’d spilt his coffee over the equipment, Roger added: ‘In truth, the makeshift mini music stand, which holds the screen, collapsed!’ His co-host Sima also addressed the behind-the-scenes mayhem. Posting a selfie of herself and Roger, she penned: ‘Lovely to be back with @RogerJ_01 .. it’s been a while. And thanks to these lads for their last minute DIY after laptop collapse – eek!’ Earlier this month, Jon Kay amused BBC Breakfast viewers after being splattered by a pigeon live on air. Jon, who was recently announced as the show’s new regular Monday to Wednesday presenter, was reporting from Cambridge when the incident happened. After asking weather presenter Carol Kirkwood for her top tips on keeping cool during the heatwave, he asked: ‘Carol, have you got any tips for removing bird poo from linen jackets? Because I’ve just been splatted by a pigeon…’ As he ended his segment, he quipped: ‘I’m going off to dab my jacket and will try get that sorted, in the meantime, I’m just glad it wasn’t a swan, to be honest, it was just a pigeon.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted BBC for comment. BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 