Will Smith hit back at speculation that Jada Pinkett Smith was behind his decision to slap Chris Rock at this year’s Oscars. The King Richard actor issued a lengthy apology regarding the incident earlier today, explaining that his actions were unacceptable. The 53-year-old left the world reeling when he stormed on stage at the star-studded ceremony in March, following a joke the comedian made about his wife’s hair, in which he compared her buzzcut to GI Jane. Jada has been open about her struggles with alopecia and appeared unimpressed at the quip, rolling her eyes in front of the camera. Moments later, Will confronted the Everybody Hates Chris actor and hit him, warning him to ‘keep her name out of his mouth’. The Fresh Prince of Bel Air lead – who was later banned from the Oscars for a decade – has now issued a lengthy apology in a new YouTube video, and took a moment to clear up rumors about what happened. In the clip, he addressed the question: ‘After Jada rolled her eyes, did she tell you to do something?,’ and said that this could not be further from the truth. ‘No. I made a choice on my own, from my own experiences, from my history with Chris,’ he insisted. ‘Jada had nothing to do with it. I’m sorry babe. ‘I want to say sorry to my kids and my family for the heat that I brought on all of us. ‘To all my fellow nominees. This is a community, I won because you voted for me. It really breaks my heart to have stolen and tarnished your moment. ‘I can still see Questlove’s eyes. It happened on Questlove’s award. I’m sorry really isn’t sufficient.’ Will also apologized directly to Chris, revealing that he had reached out to his fellow actor but had not yet received a positive response. Reflecting on why he didn’t say sorry directly in his Oscar winning speech, which came shortly after the incident, he continued: ‘I was fogged out by that point. It’s all fuzzy. ‘I’ve reached out to Chris and the message that came back is that he’s not ready to talk and when he is, he’ll reach out. ‘I will say to you Chris, I apologize to you, my behavior was unacceptable, and I’m here whenever you’re ready to talk.’ Will then directed his comments to Chris’ family, stating that he wasn’t initially thinking about who else got hurt in that moment. ‘I spent the last three months replaying and understanding the nuances and, the complexities of what happened in that moment,’ he added. ‘And I’m not going to try to unpack all of that right now. ‘But I can say to all of you there is no part of me that thinks that was the right way to behave in that moment.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Lycett fans outraged after BBC removes attack on government during Commonwealth Games opening ceremony MORE : Matt Smith accidentally struck by an axe to the face while filming House of The Dragon 