One woman is using the reduced to clear aisle to make gourmet meals and has saved a load of money in the process. Four years ago, Sarah Whelan, 37, from Saddleworth, Greater Manchester decided to stock up her fridge and feed her family with yellow sticker food. Since then, she has managed to save thousands. After the birth of her son, Lucas, two, Sarah started dieting but found the meals bland and boring. To spice things up, she started experimenting and now enjoys meals like Moroccan venison meatballs. To keep things healthy, Sarah chooses high protein, low carb food, and to her delight, these items are available in the reduced section. ‘Some of the meals include salmon mac and cheese, Moroccan venison meatballs with parmesan air fried aubergine, Greek prawns and steak, beef Sunday roast, lamb koftas, chicken Sunday roast, steak chicken and beef tacos, lamb tagine and Chinese pork cabbage rolls,’ Sarah explained. ‘I have always had a great passion for cooking. However, after the birth of my son I started dieting and I found the food a bit boring and bland so I decided to start experimenting with different foods. ‘Mostly high in protein and lower in carbs, I use reduced carb pasta which incidentally was also reduced. I find the better quality the ingredients, the better quality of the dish. ‘I made these high quality, low fat meals that we could have on the go rather than ready meals and it paid off. I managed to lose six stone in 18 months!’ As she has been shopping this way for years, Sarah has serious expertise when it comes to yellow sticker produce. ‘Recently, I got two Tesco finest corn fed full chickens, they should have been around £15 each but I got them for half price,’ she said. ‘I also got multiple bags of prepped broccoli for 40p a bag. The whole shop cost £56 but should’ve been worth of £100. ‘I have saved thousands shopping this way, I couldn’t even estimate how much. ‘I have bought my meat this way for years. It’s a great way to make sure you’re getting good quality meat at a much lower cost and all you need to do is freeze it.’ Now Sarah is sharing her top tips for others who want to shop this way. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Savvy mum who transformed kitchen for £57 shares five hacks for updating homes on a budget MORE : New potato season is in full swing – here are three recipes to try MORE : Teacher becomes a food waste hero after buying and distributing reduced price food and saving 60,000 items from being binned