There’s nothing worse than a disappointing meal. Thankfully, you won’t need to worry about forking out for an average dinner this summer, as the capital is bursting with some brilliant new spots. There are some great new London openings to add to your ‘must-visit’ list – and we’ve done the hard work for you and rounded up some of the best new places to visit over the coming weeks and months. There’s something for everyone, too – with outdoor terrace spots and impressive indoor offerings, as well as traditional choices and unique fusion dishes. Feast on some of these great new London restaurants. Summer wouldn’t be summer without some exceptional BBQ food and, as the name suggests, this is what the team at Acme Fire Cult excel in. The new live fire concept is headed up by chefs Andrew Clarke (ex Brunswick House and St Leonards) and Daniel Watkins (ex St Leonards), but the interesting twist is that the vegetables take centre stage – so it’s perfect for vegans and veggies. The team are all about sustainability too, so the beer by-products from the brewery – such as yeast and spent grain – are used to make ferments and hot sauces. Order the marmite butter with Dusty Knuckle Bakery sourdough, plus the leeks with a pistachio romesco sauce – you won’t be dissapointed. acmefirecult.com Founders Charlotte and Sam Miller – the duo behind Muriel’s Kitchen – have transformed the National Gallery’s cafe into a stunning space, with chef Alex Drayton behind the scenes. The sophisticated spot combines seasonal British ingredients with modern European cooking – boasting exceptional plates such as the saddleback pork belly with celeriac purée, as well as monkfish with charred hispi cabbage and romesco sauce. Also, a visit here wouldn’t be complete without a trip to the bar, with head bartner Ian Williams at the helm – offering signature cocktails which take inspiration from famous works that hang in the National Gallery above. ochre.london The food on offer at this new spot is the brainchild of former Palomar chef Tomer Amedi. The menu pays homage to classical Levantine flavours and combinations, but with a London-influenced twist. So expect things like burnt aubergine, samneh butter scallops and duck breast salad – along with pickled mussels. The cocktails are also as unique as they come – with one delicious ouzo option (yes ouzo!). pascor.co.uk This robatayaki restaurant is all about BBQ and fireside-cooking and is designed around the street food culture of Japan. Guests can enjoy shichimi togarashi chicken thigh and koji-cured lamb, amongst other signature skewers. Alternatively, the selection of Japanese sharing dishes includes tiger prawns, buttermilk hen supreme, and lamb cutlets. It’s also great for al fresco dining as there’s a terrace for 16 people at the front of the venue. yataysoho.co.uk This newly-opened Middle Eastern restaurant is located in the heart of Soho, on Poland Street. Executive Chef Helen Graham and her team serve up much-loved classics from Bubala Spitalfields including the popular confit potato latkes. But new dishes are on offer at this sister restaurant too, such as baba ganoush with curry leaf oil and pine nuts and Chinese cabbage skewers with preserved lime and maple. Drink it all down with the natural wines and a Gazoz soda – AKA, a homemade seltzer combined with locally-sourced fruits, flowers, spices, herbs and syrups. bubala.co.uk/soho French brassiere classics get a contemporary makeover at this City spot. Each day has a different special to choose from – including the likes of bouillabaisse with baguette and aioli on Tuesdays, and cassoulet with haricot blanc and cumberland Sausage on Saturdays. It’s also a fabulous spot for a working lunch, with a a three-course lunch menu including French onion soup with rarebit on toast; daube de boeuf and an eclair for dessert. revolve.london Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the biggest events in London this week as the capital celebrates Ice Cream Day MORE : There are five types of people at a hotel breakfast buffet – which one are you? MORE : Man with a ‘titanium belly’ goes viral for eating out of date foods – including an egg 73 days past its best before date