Well, Casa Amor has come to an end, and what a bumpy ride it’s been! The last four days have provided us with some unexpected twists, shocking revelations and Davide Sanclimenti finally understanding what ‘celibacy’ means. Even Kate Beckinsale has been entertained by the madness! After the new bombshells gave Andrew Le Page some home truths over his relationship with Tasha Ghouri, fans have witnessed a different (bolder) side to the estate agent, and has been getting closer to Coco Lodge. While Dami Hope and Jacques O’Neill – who were considered to be in steady couples – made some controversial choices during the week, but will they stay loyal to their respective partners, or choose to explore things with someone new. Tomorrow’s highly-anticipated special will see the OG girls returning to Casa Amor, but we’re sure most of them won’t be too thrilled to learn what’s been going on in their absence. Although Andrew has been getting to know Coco over the past couple of days, the 27-year-old reached boiling point during Wednesday’s episode as he reflected on his romance with Tasha, 23. ‘I haven’t cried over a girl in f**king years,’ he told Jacques. ‘There’s just been so many things said, I literally opened up to her,’ he said, adding that he felt like he ‘wasn’t enough’ Elsewhere, Tasha has been getting to know Billy Brown after revealing she was ‘drawn to his banter.’ But will she bring him back to the main villa, or is her heart still with Andrew? Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti’s enemies to lovers arc has made for beautiful viewing. While many expected the 27-year-old actress to wreak havoc during Casa Amor, Ekin-Su has used this opportunity to prove her feelings for the Italian stallion. But things got a little heated between her and George Tasker tonight. Although we’re not aware of the details, Ekin-Su and George revealed there was light ‘touching involved.’ Ekin added: ‘I just thought, “This has to stop,” because it just wasn’t right,’ going on to say: ‘I don’t think I’ve done anything to hurt Davide.’ While fans were absolutely living for her character growth, considering Davide has been smooching with different girls in bed and around the villa. The final five minutes showed the OG boys gathering around the fire pit, after Laura Whitmore strutted her way down, as we await to see what the islanders do. As Luca Bish and Gemma Owen haven’t ‘cracked’ on with anyone else, we can confidently assume they will have a sweet reunion during tomorrow’s episode. While Jay Younger has been getting to know Chyna Mills, and Danica Taylor has been spending her time with Josh Samuel Le Grove – it looks like fans will be introduced to some new faces in the main villa. But as for everyone else, we’re going to have to wait and see. Everyone get your popcorn at the ready! Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : What it’s really like to be in Love Island’s Casa Amor – from social media being vetted to producer-prompted conversations MORE : Love Island hit with Ofcom complaints over Jacques O’Neill’s treatment of Paige Thorne after labelling her ‘pathetic’ 