BBC Breakfast’s Jon Kay had an unfortunate start to his Monday morning after a bird pooed on his blazer during the programme. The show’s latest regular host was chatting to weather presenter Carol Kirkwood ahead of the UK’s scorching heatwave when disaster struck. ‘Have you got a tip for removing bird poo from a linen jacket?’ Jon asked his co-star. ‘Because I’ve just been splatted by a pigeon.’ ‘Try one of these wet wipe things,’ Carol suggested after bursting into laughter. ‘It might spread it a wee bit, but if you use a few.’ ‘It could get messy couldn’t it,’ Jon replied. ‘I’m slightly anxious about doing this. I’ve also got another jacket, maybe we’ll go for that option for now and hit the dry cleaners a bit later.’ As he ended his segment, he quipped: ‘I’m going off to dab my jacket and will try get that sorted, in the meantime, I’m just glad it wasn’t a swan, to be honest, it was just a pigeon.’ From the studio, presenter Nina Warhurst told him that while it may not feel like it, ‘that delivery is considered good luck!’ Viewers felt sorry for Jon’s unlucky mishap, with many urging him to take the jacket off completely given that temperatures are set to soar to over 40 degrees in parts of the country today. ‘Jon Kay getting bird poo on his first day in the job, what are the chances… and he got Covid last week poor guy!’ wrote one. ‘Maybe just take jacket off? Really no need in this heat for a jacket!’ said another. It was announced earlier this month that Jon would be taking over Dan Walker’s position on BBC Breakfast after he quit the network for Channel 5 news. He now fronts the show from Monday to Wednesday. ‘I’m over the moon to become the new regular presenter of BBC Breakfast and I’m looking forward to bringing our brilliant viewers the very latest news each morning alongside my good friend Sally (Nugent) and the rest of the team,’ Jon enthused at the time. ‘Sitting on the famous red sofa is a real privilege while covering the stories and issues that matter to our audience – home and abroad.’ Jon started his career as a trainee reporter at the BBC working at local radio stations before becoming a senior correspondent and presenter on BBC News. During his 25-year career he has presented Panorama, Crimewatch and BBC Radio 5 Live and has been part of the BBC Breakfast team for more than eight years. BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 