Manchester United have confirmed the signing of free agent Christian Eriksen on a three-year contract, with the Dane pinpointing new boss Erik ten Hag as a key reason behind his decision to move to Old Trafford. The 30-year-old has been out of contract since the end of June after his six-month stint at Brentford came to an end, though the west London club had been making a big push to convince him to extend his stay. But Eriksen was wowed by Ten Hag and his vision for United, having previously seen his work up close at Ajax, and is confident the club can compete for silverware. He told the club’s official website: ‘I have seen Erik’s work at Ajax and know the level of detail and preparation that he and his staff put into every day. It is clear that he is a fantastic coach. ‘Having spoken with him and learned more about his vision and the way he wants the team to play, I am even more excited for the future. ‘I still have major ambitions in the game, there is a huge amount that I know I can achieve, and this is the perfect place to continue my journey.’ He added: ‘United is a special club and I can’t wait to get started. I have had the privilege of playing at Old Trafford many times but to do it in the red shirt of United will be an amazing feeling.’ Eriksen trained with Ajax’s youth team last year as he worked his way back to fitness following his cardiac arrest during Euro 2020, with the midfielder now playing with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (ICD). He wasted no time in settling back into Premier League football, impressing enormously during his time with Brentford. Although the Bees lost their visit to Old Trafford last season, Eriksen – who created the second most chances in the league behind Kevin De Bruyne after making his Brentford debut – gave a superb performance while he also netted in a win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. Football director John Murtough said of Eriksen’s signing: ‘Christian has been one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe throughout his career. ‘It is no surprise that he had so many options this summer, so we are really happy that he was convinced that this is the right club for him. ‘In addition to his outstanding technique, Christian will add valuable experience and leadership skills to the squad, and we are looking forward to seeing the benefits of these qualities on the pitch this coming season and beyond.’ In addition to Brentford, Eriksen’s old club Tottenham Hotspur had also explored the possibility of signing the Dane but he opted to move to Old Trafford. MORE : Three things we learned from Manchester United’s 4-1 win over Melbourne Victory MORE : What Frenkie de Jong has told team-mates about joining Manchester United as Barcelona consider drastic action For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 