Warning: Contains spoilers for Stranger Things 4 and Love Island 2022. Laura Whitmore has amused viewers of both Love Island and Stranger Things by posting a hilarious crossover joke on Instagram. The presenter, 37, who has hosted the reality series since 2020, cracked the joke while visiting the Instagram page of Stranger Things star Jamie Campbell Bower. Bower, 33, who first appeared in the Netflix sci-fi series during its recently concluded fourth season, was promoting Stranger Things in a post of his own. Whitmore took the comments to joke that Bower’s character, the Upside Down’s supervillain Vecna, might well be entering the Love Island villa in the near future. ‘And the new bombshell entering the villa is… Vecna!’, she commented, delighting fans of both shows who responded to her comment. ‘Needs some factor 50 though’, she added, joking about Bower’s villain who wreaked havoc in the Netflix show’s home of Hawkins without ever leaving his lair. Fans then continued to make their own jokes about the possibility of Vecna entering the villa underneath Laura’s comment, as the fun carried on. ‘The question is, did he turn any heads?’ one commented, while another joked that the show had ‘better have the medics on stand by’. Of course, given the events of Stranger Things’ ginormous season four finale, which was over two hours long, Vecna might be a little preoccupied. While Stranger Things season 4 concluded with easily its most ambitious and explosive finale to date, Love Island has been just as intense after the girls fled the villa to spend the next week in Casa Amor. And it’s already shaping up to be a corker with Andrew Le Page and Dami Hope snogging two new girls tonight. Perhaps when Stranger Things finishes with its fifth and final season, Vecna might take up Laura on her joke and try his chances in the villa. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Stranger Things is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things fans think they’ve spotted a pretty major plot hole in emotional season 4 finale MORE : Love Island fans predict Ekin-su Cülcüloğlu will spark chaos after Tasha Ghoudri’s alarming Andrew Le Page remark 