Chunks of trees were being tossed around like feathers; shed roofs were peeling off like yoghurt pot lids. It was the midst of Storm Eunice, and we – my husband Teil and our children Raphie, 12, and Ella, seven – were moving onto our new home on a Thames Island. The removals firm gave up after delivering less than a quarter of our things and we understood, of course. So, we settled down for our first night in our new home with just mattresses, a couple of suitcases and a few random kitchen items we’d shoved in a box at the last minute. We all felt a little unnerved to be in an unfamiliar place on such a wild night, so we tried to convince the kids that it was a bit like camping (although thankfully, with a much more solid roof). Our new home is on Wheatley’s Eyot (pronounced ‘ate’) near Sunbury, which is just one of more than a hundred islands along the Thames. Some have road access, some just a pedestrian bridge, and some are connected to the mainland only by boat. Our part of Wheatley’s has a pedestrian bridge for access, nine houses and a large shared garden that contains, to our kids’ delight, a trampoline and swings hanging from the trees. A few minutes into our first night, there was a knock at the door. It was one of our new neighbours, Andrew, bearing a fish pie, cake and a bottle of Prosecco. He and his wife Donna were keen to know if we needed anything else – did we need tea? Mugs? As it happened, we needed both and they were provided without delay. As that week progressed, we took delivery of another delicious cake and another bottle of Prosecco from a different neighbour (islanders, it turns out, are all about the essentials). This, we now know, is how life goes here. We are all in it together, you see, so we look after each other. We had dreamed of living by the water ever since we first moved to the area almost two decades ago. We’d drive to the river and walk along the towpath most days, imagining what life would be like if we lived in one of the houses along the bank. In the end, it was the pandemic that pushed us to make the change. Like many people, it gave us new perspective about what was really important, and we decided that it was time to stop dreaming about the future, and actually start living it. River life has turned out to be spellbinding. Despite living just outside the Greater London border, we have zero traffic noise and fall asleep to a soundtrack of birdsong and water tumbling over the nearby weir. The view from our living room is like a living painting; it’s hard to take our eyes away from it. We have given names to the swans who visit us (Sid and Cynthia, since you’re asking) and there’s a ménage à trois of ducks who have adopted us. On sunny days, we sit on our deck with a cold drink, not quite believing that we actually get to live here, and on wet days we sit inside with a cuppa feeling similar. Our water comes to us from an underground stream and tastes delicious, and we have just bought a small boat and an electric engine for pottering about. It’s also a fantastic place to work. I’m an author – my second novel, Grace, will be published in July – and the small study I have at the back of the house has a view of trees and a Thames backwater. It’s serenely beautiful, and when the sun sets the whole area glows orange. And when I came down with Covid and had to isolate in our bedroom, I have to say the balcony, with its river view, made the whole experience far more bearable. So far, so amazing, right? Well yes, mostly. The island does, however, come with two significant caveats. Firstly, we have to park our cars on the mainland and walk for five minutes to reach our front door. That means that it’s a pain taking the bins out to the bin store on the mainland, and groceries have to be trundled up our path on a trolley. We have to use store pick up for most deliveries (except ordinary post, which comes to our door). And you should see the bruise I acquired last weekend when we had to wheel (and carry) a king-size bed down the path to the tip. Secondly, of course, there is flooding. In 2014, the worst flood on record inundated the island. Our house is built on the site of a chalet that was damaged in that flood, and the new construction is on stilts, designed to protect us from future flood events. However, we have to live with the reality that our garden will flood, and access to the house may be difficult for a while. Our neighbours tells us that in 2014, they all bought waders and travelled around the island on boats. It’s definitely a worry, but we know that if the worst happens, our community will rally round, and we’ll all get through it. These issues aside, there’s no denying that we love it here. Even that five minute walk to the car is turning out to be an unexpected blessing. Walking with our kids, devoid of distractions, is a really great opportunity to connect. And our step count is now effortlessly high, which I think is having a positive effect on all of us. That’s something I’ve noticed amongst our neighbours. One of them, Geoff, is 90. He’s a lovely bloke; funny, engaging, interesting and interested. He’s lived on the island for more than 40 years and he still cycles and walks into Sunbury on a regular basis. ‘This’ll be you one day,’ he told me recently, during one of our many chats on the path. I do hope so, Geoff. I really do hope so. You can find out more about Victoria and order her new book here Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Airbnb will let employees work from home for good with no cut in pay MORE : Woman includes ex-husband in house sale, saying he’ll even cook and clean MORE : Parents quit jobs to live in a caravan and travel the world with their three kids In this exciting new series from Metro.co.uk, What It Feels Like… not only shares one person’s moving story, but also the details and emotions entwined within it, to allow readers a true insight into their life changing experience.