Carol Vorderman is the latest name linked with a return to I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! ahead of the upcoming All-Stars series in South Africa. The former Countdown numbers whizz, 61, was a popular campmate with viewers during her stint in the 2016 series. She ended up finishing eighth before Gogglebox star Scarlett Moffatt eventually went on to become Jungle Queen that year. But as speculation continues to run rife over who might be back in the famous jungle for this year’s All-Stars series, it looks like a return for Carol may well be on the cards. A source shared: ‘Carol was always top of producers wish list: in some ways, she was the perfect campmate. ‘She was funny, outspoken and intelligent and let’s just say she gave the younger girls a run for their money in the jungle shower. The insider continued to The Sun: ‘Her flirtations with Joel were one of the big talking points of the series so signing up Carol for All-Stars looks like a no-brainer.’ Carol has previously shared how being on the show ‘changed’ her after she lasted 18 days in the camp. She told fans: ‘Omg @iamacelebrity changed me so much. ‘I’ve become OBSESSED (almost addicted) to being in fresh air…it’s like I’m suffocating if I’m in anywhere closed in like a studio nowadays for more than an afternoon.’ The hit reality show has been on for nearly 20 years, with Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly remaining at the helm for nearly all of that time. Other stars rumoured as being eyed up by bosses for a return include Stacey Solomon, Gillian McKeith and Coronation Street star, Helen Flanagan. Paul Burrell and Richard Madeley have also been linked to the upcoming series. Fans still have no clue who will be entering the jungle for a second spell, with things being kept tightly under wraps. But with the series set to be filmed this summer, it won’t be long until viewers find out who they’ll be seeing a bit more of in their campmate gear. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV and representatives for Carol Vorderman for comment. I’m A Celebrity returns to ITV later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele ‘planning intimate tell-all documentary’ on career that ‘will include Las Vegas residency postponement’ MORE : Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page at risk of elimination minutes after making things official – Love Island episode 39 talking points 