Fans queued for hours in the baking heat as a Greggs megastore in London’s Leicester Square rolled out the blue carpet for its launch. Two women were overheard joking about getting a McDonald’s as they waited in the beating sun today but felt it would be ‘disloyal’. The store is now the expanding bakery chain’s UK flagship after weeks of being swathed in hoardings in a prime corner location once occupied by the Home superclub. Despite heatwave conditions expected to hit 40C, with London being the hottest place in the country, devotees still queued up in the fierce heat. A mock tropical theme included a blue-and-yellow resort-themed wall reading ‘No.1 Leicester Square’, while a DJ played inside the shop. A giant hoarding above the nearby VUE multiplex declared: ‘Greggs, An absolute must-eat.’ Passer-by Dan Barker said: ‘There were two women who were first in the queue. They arrived at 9.30am, two hours ahead of the launch. ‘They discussed briefly whether they should get a McDonald’s breakfast while they waited, but decided it would be disloyal. ‘The guy who supplies the coffee machines said he was “extremely excited” and expected it to be very busy.’ The shop ‘premiered’ at 11.30am this morning, with drag star and Greggs fan Pasty Kween making a lively appearance for the occasion. Dan, who works across e-commerce, data and marketing, announced on Twitter: ‘Today is the day Greggs Leicester Square opens. ‘A day hot enough to bake steak on the pavement (possibly). ‘These women were first in the queue, getting VIP lanyards. ‘There’s a “blue carpet” for the premier, with free sausage rolls & some sort of milkshake in champagne flutes.’ The bakery chain has planted its flag in the country’s tourist heartland opposite an M&M’s chocolate superstore. The latest branch is among 150 outlets set to open over the next year, taking the total number of Greggs all over the UK to just shy of 2,500. The Newcastle based food-on-the-go retailer has said the shop will offer ‘local delicacies such as London Cheesecake and Tottenham Cake,’ as well as its regular selection of baked goods. A Greggs spokesperson said: ‘The opening of our new flagship shop at 1 Leicester Square is a huge moment for Greggs. ‘Today’s excitement has shown this iconic location will be a success to both Greggs fans, and new customers alike. ‘And who knows, we might even be welcoming A-list stars for a pre-premiere snack in the near future.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.