So it’s been a slow news week and nothing much has happened… Kidding! We just thought we’d give it a go and see how writing that sentence feels. Obviously it has been a chaotic, unrelenting and sometimes devastating news week. So if you’re waking up this Saturday morning with feelings of nihilism and sadness, it might be good to remember: At least you’re not Boris Johnson. The departing Prime Minister really went through it all in just a few days – being exposed for promoting an alleged sex pest, having his closest allies turn on him and then losing his job. If only there was an upcoming work event to offload and unwind… But them’s the breaks. In a historic moment for British politics, the Prime Minister agreed to step down on Thursday. Mr Johnson’s leadership came crumbling after a dramatic 48 hours which saw some of his closest allies and more than 50 MPs quit. The rebellion was triggered after Mr Johnson admitted he knew Chris Pincher had previously faced sexual misconduct accusations when he was promoted to deputy chief whip. The drama resurfaced because Mr Pincher quit last week, after he allegedly ‘drunkenly assaulted two men’ at a private club frequented by the Tories. The next day, Number 10 denied Mr Johnson knew anything about earlier complaints against Mr Pincher. But the truth came out when Downing Street conceded the opposite, arguing the allegations at the time were ‘either resolved or did not proceed to a formal complaint’. Former No 10 aide Dominic Cummings said Mr Johnson jokingly called his ally ‘Pincher by name, pincher by nature’. After months of scandals over Partygate, a Tory MP watching porn in the Commons, another being jailed for sexually assaulting a child and more, this was the straw that broke the camel’s back. Rishi Sunak quit as chancellor, and health secretary Sajid Javid also resigned, before more than 50 MPs followed suit. Mr Johnson quickly appointed Nadhim Zahawi as the new chancellor and he spent the day defending the Prime Minister on news channels. But, in a turn the best soap opera writers couldn’t make believable, Mr Zahawi quit and joined the calls for the PM to resign in a back-stabbing letter just 48 hours in the job. Despite Mr Johnson’s characteristic resolve to fight on, he finally accepted his fate on Thursday. In a defiant and unapologetic speech, the leader said he was ‘sad to be giving up the best job in the world but them’s the breaks’. Mr Johnson also seemed to take the opportunity to take a swipe at the many politicians who grew a conscience overnight. He called putsch ‘eccentric’, describing it as ‘herd mentality’ and even referencing ‘leaks’ that have come from his government. Mr Johnson will remain as a caretaker prime minister until the Conservative Party elect a new leader. This is despite numerous calls from MPs who want Mr Johnson out straight away. TL;DR: Theresa May has had a good week. At least seven people were killed and others were placed in critical care after a gunman, 22, opened fire on a shopping mall in the south of Copenhagen last Sunday. Chilling footage shows the alleged gunman, a man wearing knee-length shorts, a vest, and holding what appeared to be a rifle in his right hand. The weapon is believed to be a Scandinavian Target Rifle. The suspect can be seen placing the gun over his shoulder as he walks through the Fields shopping centre. He was arrested on the scene and charged with murder but, after a two-hour hearing, he was moved to a ‘closed psychiatric ward’. Police previously said he had mental health issues and showed no indication of a terror-related motive. The gunman was said to have shot at random, ‘not motivated by gender or anything else’. Denmark allows civilians to own handguns and semi-automatic rifles with special licences for specific activities such as collecting and hunting, although automatic weapons are banned outright. Licence-holders must be 18 or older and pass background checks on their criminal and mental health records. TL;DR: Apparently it will always be difficult for people to just not kill each other. A three-storey building in Redwood Grove, Bedford, caught fire after an explosion last Monday. At least two people were injured and one person died. Disturbing footage shows a resident jumping out of their flat to escape the flames. The police are still not able to enter the building yet but on Thursday said they are ‘cautiously optimistic’ no one else died. The force believe there are no other victims ‘unaccounted for’. Some of the people who were evacuated on Monday have started to return home but some homes have been completely destroyed and others are still considered unsafe. TL;DR: People lost their homes and someone lost their life in a devastating fire. If you thought you’d just get away from all the chaos in Britain this summer – you probably can’t. Flying out or into the UK with short-haul airlines is still a pretty miserable affair, as the industry struggles with severe staff shortages. British Airways last Wednesday announced it is going to cut 10,300 short-haul flights until the end of October. Long-haul trips should stay unaffected. The move, which will see flights cut from the start of August, takes the percentage of cancellations across the airline to a total of 13% this summer. In a statement the airline said it was ‘not where we wanted to be’ but believed the cuts were ‘the right thing to do for our customers and colleagues’. It comes after passengers had to evacuate a BA flight after it caught fire as it landed in at Copenhagen Airport, Denmark. Emergency teams sprayed down the engine for around two hours before the flight, which was supposed to head to London, was cancelled. TL;DR: Airports and Westminster are clearly competing with each other. Like many people in the UK, fortune teller Jemima Packington has been wondering who will lead the country next. But she has a way to actually find out – by using asparagus. Jemima, 66, foresaw Brexit, Boris Johnson becoming PM four years before he took office, Prince Philip’s death and Harry and Meghan stepping back from the Royal Family. Now she says the spears are pointing towards Defence Secretary Ben Wallace to take over as leader once Johnson leaves. She also believes 100/1 outsider Nadine Dorries could also be in with a shout of taking over as PM – and is a more likely candidate then Rishi Sunak or Penny Mordaunt. Jemima, of Bath, says despite political turmoil gripping the country the asparagus has reassured her Britain will get back on its feet within the coming months. TL;DR: Politicians who supported Boris Johnson for more than two years are now going to promise they were always different to him. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.