Love Island has seen more tension after Gemma Owen revealed Paige Thorne’s chat with Adam Collard to the boys – despite Paige promising ‘World War III’ if an of the girls spoke of it. On Monday night’s episode, series four star Adam cracked on with Paige upon his return, saying he wanted to get to know her – and implying Jacques O’Neill’s head might be turned. Adam said he’d got anything like that ‘out of his system’ when he was younger. Paige relayed the conversation to the girls, promising ‘World War III’ if anyone told the boys – but that didn’t stop Gemma letting it slip. That led to Jacques getting into a furious rage, telling Billy Brown to ‘f**k off’ and confronting Paige. However, viewers are confused about why they didn’t see Paige confront Gemma – especially after Gemma was left fuming when Ekin-Su Culculoglu told Paige about her chat with Dami Hope about Luca Bish previously. ‘Didn’t Paige say to Gemma and the lots on the day bed that that info stays between them???? Gem where’s the girl code???’ one said, while another added: ‘I want Paige to call Gemma out for s**t stirring.’ ‘Gemma didn’t Paige tell you not to say anything about that….this SAME girl comes for Ekin for doing that exact thing???!! PICK A SIDE,’ one more said. The episode comes after it was revealed Jacques has left the villa, with his reasons being revealed on Tuesday night. A Love Island spokesperson said: ‘Jacques has made the decision to leave the Villa. ‘He will explain his reasons to the Islanders during tonight’s episode. We fully support his decision and look forward to seeing what’s next for Jacques.’ Jacques has endured a tumultuous couple of weeks after kissing Cheyanne Kerr during Casa Amor week, and subsequently upsetting Paige Thorne. During last night’s episode, he wrote her a grovelling apology which appeared to go down well – until the arrival of Adam. Love Island continues Wednesday at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Jacques O’Neill tells Billy Brown to ‘f**k off’ to speak to Paige Thorne in furious rage MORE : Love Island star Gemma Owen ‘told Billy Brown he could pull her for a chat in unaired scenes’ 