Jacques O’Neill has been the biggest shocker of Casa Amor as Love Island fans anxiously await the ‘most dramatic recoupling of all time’ tonight which we’re expecting will include heartbreak for Paige Thorne. The rugby player, 23, has been happily coupled up with Paige, 24, but felt he needed to ‘test’ their relationship by cracking on with two other girls while she was in Casa Amor. Last night, he kissed Cheyanne Kerr moments after inviting Mollie Salmon into his bed and then ‘sacking her off’, in his own charming words, 10 minutes later. Viewers were horrified and called his behaviour ‘disgusting’, while Paige’s family were also appalled and tonight it feels inevitable the fall out will be colossal. In the latest episode of Metro.co.uk’s Love or Lie Island, body language queen Judi James took a look at Jacques behaviour this week and his snog with Cheyanne, explaining it’s clear he views the Casa Amor girls as ‘robots’ rather than ‘genuine girls or women’. ‘Watching his mind work his way around this has been gruesome viewing,’ said Judi. ‘To make it sound sense that “this is what I have to do, I’m only doing it so that I can find out how much I love Paige” while Paige, on the other hand is sitting there crying her eyes out in the villa. ‘Paige is the one that seems to have completely deleted the names that he’s called her and so I’m sure he’ll get away with it. ‘You know, I can see him walking in with a girl on arm in arm and then saying “I tested these out but I’m yours.” ‘Cheyanne’s lovely, she looks completely chill and looks very happy with him in a way and gazing up at him and everything, but I think he thinks he’s doing her a bit of a favour really.’ Judi continued: ‘Davide very much takes that approach, this display out, patting the sofa. He did it with Coco, “you can come sit next to me.” ‘I think with Davide it’s quite funny in a way because the girls take him down quite quickly. They don’t they don’t stand the nonsense quite so much and it’s a bit of a comedy turn. ‘But it’s almost as though Jacques has created himself as a serious version of that, I think he needs to realise that he’s not. ‘This has to be what he’s like, I think to a certain extent. It’s not like Andrew, he hasn’t undergone an epiphany in there where he’s been knocked back so this has happened and he’s trying to boost his confidence. ‘I think that probably is how he operates anyway.’ Tonight’s episode of Love Island has been extended and promises to be one of the most explosive moments in the show’s history – so much so fans are being urged to ‘cancel their plans’. Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Watch the full episode of Love or Lie Island here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 