A Spanish prosecutor has called for singer Shakira to be sentenced to more than eight years in prison for alleged tax fraud. The singer is allegedly involved in a €14.5 million (£12.1 million) tax fraud case, Spanish newspaper El Pais reported on Friday. Prosecutors have called for the star to be fined more than €23 million (£19.3 million) and a prison sentence for the alleged offence. As reported by the outlet, the prosecutor’s office has asked for a prison sentence of eight years and two months for six alleged crimes against the Public Treasury. Colombian star Shakira, full name Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll, is embroiled in a legal case in Spain over alleged tax offences between 2012 and 2014. As reported by Reuters, the She Wolf hitmaker is accused of failing to pay taxes in the country between those years, with Shakira claiming she did not live in Spain during this period. The star insists she had legal residency in the Bahamas during the time period, and did not spend 183 days or more per year in Spain, which is the threshold to be considered a tax resident. She has been accused of ‘hiding’ her income by using tax havens, which Shakira flatly denies; she is seeking a full acquittal of all offences. A representative for the star told Metro.co.uk: ‘Shakira has always cooperated and abided by the law, demonstrating impeccable conduct as an individual and a taxpayer, and faithfully following the counsel of PriceWaterhouse Coopers, a prestigious and globally recognized tax firm. ‘Unfortunately, the Spanish Tax Office, which loses one out of every two lawsuits with its taxpayers, continues to violate her rights and pursue yet another baseless case. ‘Shakira is confident that her innocence will be proven by the end of the judicial process.’ The call for a prison sentence comes days after the pop act reportedly rejected an offer from the prosecutor’s office to make a settlement and close the case. A settlement would have avoided the possibility of jail time, however her lawyers say she wants to prove her innocence in court. The prosecutor has reportedly requested that Shakira and a total of 37 other witnesses be questioned, some by video conference. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Shakira for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Shakira looks downcast on errand run in Barcelona after challenging months with Gerard Pique split and father’s hospitalisation MORE : Shakira reveals elderly father hospitalised after ‘bad fall’ amid split from Gerard Piqué 