Strictly star Nicola Adams and Ella Baig were beaming as they left the Lindo Wing with their newborn son at the weekend. The boxer and Strictly Come Dancing star 39, and her partner 24, looked thrilled as they smiled on the steps of the hospital with their son tucked up in a black car seat. Nicola wore a beige blazer with shorts over a crisp white T-shirt for a comfortable, smart-casual look, paired with white trainers. Ella was also dressed for summer in a colourful green floral maxi dress and white chunky sandals. Both looked radiant as they held hands going down the steps. Nicola said when her son’s arrival was announced: ‘We are so excited to have welcomed our son into the world on Saturday morning at around 7am. ‘Nothing prepares you for this moment in life but I am so overwhelmed with love and proud of Ella.’ After the birth, the pair posted a snap to Instagram, saying: ‘We are so excited to announce to the world that @babyadamsadventures has arrived. The first moment we laid eyes on you we felt an instant love and the strongest bond.’ ‘We went to the moon and back to get you and we can’t wait to spend the rest of our lives watching you grow.’ The Olympian and blogger have been together for four years and revealed their baby news in February, sharing a picture of their scan with delighted fans, before sharing a gender reveal. The couple had been trying to have a baby for three years, using Nicola’s egg and a sperm donor who resembles Ella. In a joint Instagram post, they told followers of their impending arrival: ‘We’re so excited to announce that our family is expanding. ‘After what feels like a lifetime, we can finally say we’re going to be parents! We’re so excited to share this magical journey with you all, the ups, the downs everything in between.’ ‘Welcome to the world little one.’ Nicola had previously enthused ‘all the ups and downs were worth it in the end’ and speaking about their unborn son, model Ella previously explained to Hello! that she was feeling his kicks from just a few weeks into her pregnancy journey. ‘I think it’s safe to say the baby is a fighter,’ she continued. ‘It’s definitely an active baby.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly dancer Nadiya Bychkova ‘proudest girlfriend’ of Kai Widdrington as couple share loved-up snap behind-the-scenes MORE : Strictly dancer Nadiya Bychkova ‘proudest girlfriend’ of Kai Widdrington as couple share loved-up snap behind-the-scenes 