Novak Djokovic continued his quest for a fourth-straight Wimbledon title with a 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 semi-final victory over Great Britain’s No.1 Cameron Norrie. It was a shaky start for the six-time Wimbledon champion on Centre Court, losing the first set in just 32 minutes before asserting his dominance to break British hearts and end Norrie’s dream of repeating Andy Murray’s 2013 and 2016 heroics. With Rafael Nadal winning Roland Garros and the Australian Open, plus the upcoming US Open’s ban on unvaccinated players, Wimbledon is Djokovic’s only chance of winning a Grand Slam this year and adding to his 20 major titles. The 35-year-old will face fiery Australian Nick Kyrgios in Sunday’s Championship match, who received a bye to the final on Thursday after Nadal pulled out of their scheduled semi-final meeting with an abdominal injury. Djokovic appeared to receive a mixed reception from the crowd after knocking out home favourite Norrie, with some boos audible, but the Serbian was full of praise for the British star in his post-match interview, which got plenty of cheers. ‘I didn’t start off well,’ Djokovic said. ‘He was the better player in the first set. Semi-finals of a Grand Slam, I’ve had many in the past but it’s never easy. ‘Cameron didn’t have much to lose – he was playing the tournament of his life and playing at home. I wish him all the best, he’s a great player and I have a lot of respect for him. ‘It was very hot today – the hottest day of the Championships so far. I was a bit tighter at the beginning of the match and not swinging through the ball as smoothly as you would like. ‘Cameron was dominating the play and I got lucky in the second set to break his serve. ‘He missed a couple put-aways and gifted me a game – since then the momentum shifted. It can be like that in the semi-finals of a Grand Slam.’ Quizzed about his Grand Slam record, with Djokovic now reaching 32 men’s singles finals, he added: ‘The job’s not finished!’ As well as his victory over Norrie, Djokovic has recorded wins over Jannik Sinner, Tim van Rijthoven, Miomir Kecmanovic, Thanasi Kokkinakis and Kwon Soon-woo. Djokovic sent a message to Kyrgios prior to his semi-final win over Norrie, saying: ‘Hopefully I’ll see you Sunday.’ MORE : What is the Wimbledon prize money and how much do the winners get? MORE : Wimbledon finalist Nick Kyrgios breaks silence on allegations he assaulted his ex-girlfriend For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 