A woman who couldn’t keep up with her husband’s high sex drive decided to buy him a sex doll – to ‘take the pressure off’ when she’s not in the mood. Char Grey and her 28-year-old husband Callum, from Warwickshire, have now introduced the life-like doll – who they call Dee – into the bedroom. The couple were initially open to exploring group sex in a bid to ‘spice things up’ – but Char had reservations and was worried she might get jealous. As a result, 23-year-old Char decided to buy the £1,500 doll as a ‘happy medium.’ Char says: ‘We were talking about spicing things up and having a threesome or foursome but, like most girls, I was worried I’d struggle to see Callum with another woman. ‘It was a joint decision to buy a sex doll, but it was the best decision and has definitely improved our sex life. ‘It’s great because Callum has a high sex drive and if I’m not in the mood he’s got Dee there. ‘We both love experimenting with her – and she regularly joins our steamy sessions, too.’ The couple – who earn a living on Only Fans – say Dee is now treated like another member of their family, and even joins them on car journeys and when they watch TV. Char adds: ‘She’s not “just a doll” – we’re really attached to her. ‘She’s helped to strengthen our relationship – and set our sex lives on fire.’ The husband and wife, who have been together four years, purchased the doll online in June 2022 – after previously owning a doll that ‘just wasn’t doing it’ for them. Instead, they opted for a more realistic model – who bears a resemblance to blonde Char. The 23-year-old continues: ‘There were so many to choose from, but we eventually found Dee, who we think looks like me. ‘I never get jealous because there’s no emotion there – she’s not real but she’s definitely spiced things up. ‘Callum has a higher sex drive than me, so it’s great that he has Dee when I don’t want to have sex.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This new vibrator is bending all the rules for sex toys – and it has multiple uses MORE : How I Do It: ‘I love blue-balling men – welcome to a week in my sex life’ MORE : How to have sex in a heatwave – the best positions and top tips to keep cool