In case you hadn’t noticed, it’s a little bit hot in the UK at the moment – and it’s going to get even warmer in the coming days. Temperatures are set to soar to around the 40°C mark on Monday – leading the Met Office to issue its first ever red weather warning for extreme heat, amid warnings of ‘population-wide adverse health effects’ which could lead to serious illness or even ‘danger to life’ in the UK. With the mercury rising to record levels in the UK, it’s notable that the country is set to be hotter than many of the popular holiday destinations we traditionally escape to at this time of year to catch some summer sun. So just where in the world is currently cooler than the UK – or will be cooler in the coming days? The popular Balearic Island is as well known for its balmy temperatures as its beaches and nightlife – making it a popular choice for holidaymakers from the UK. However the UK will be hotter in the coming days, with the temperature in Ibiza set to reach a maximum of 31°C on Monday and Tuesday. Honolulu, the capital of Hawaii, is a favourite with sunseekers, with thousands flocking to the city daily to enjoy its warm weather, its famous beaches and everything else it has to offer. This coming week however, it will be hotter for those staying home – with the temperature on Monday and Tuesday tipped to peak at 31°C. The Maldives has a tropical climate all year round, with temperatures regularly topping the 30°C mark during the day – and visitors basking in the warm weather across the islands. But amazingly the UK is set to be hotter next week – with the temperature in Male, the capital, likely to peak at 30°C on Monday – and thunderstorms forecast for both days. This Greek island is always a popular draw with holidaymakers thanks to its mix of warm temperatures, stunning scenery and beautiful beaches in the lap of the Aegean Sea. However, the weather’s set to be cooler there in the coming days than in the UK – hitting 30°C on Monday and 27°C on Tuesday. The Caribbean island is a much-loved holiday destination with many, with its high temperatures, vibrant resorts, and lush scenery and beaches. Although it’s going to be pretty hot there next week, it won’t be quite as hot as it is here, with temperatures set to reach a high of 33°C. Morocco has become a favourite with tourists for its mix of bustling cities, rich history and of course its stunning beaches – not to mention its very agreeable climate. Like many other places it will be cooler than the UK next week, with temperatures rising to a maximum of 27°C on Monday and Tuesday. Much of the USA enjoys hot weather at this time of year, and Los Angeles is no exception, attracting tourists from across the world for its warm weather and tourist attractions which range from Hollywood to Disneyland. But even there it’s going to be cooler than the UK, with temperatures rising to 29°C over Monday and Tuesday. Visitors to Florida are pretty much guaranteed good temperatures whatever time of year they go – and you’ll get your fair share of sunbathing weather if you go to Miami, as famous for its beaches as for its shopping and nightlife. And yet it will be cooler than the UK on Monday and Tuesday, although only just – temperatures there are set to peak at 34°C. Another popular destination in the Caribbean, Barbados enjoys warm weather all year round – and is a big tourist draw with its scenery, attractions and fascinating history. It’s not as hot as the UK is going to be however – Monday and Tuesday will see highs of 30°C. The capital of Thailand is always pretty warm at this time of year, with tourists flocking to the city for its culture, its floating markets and its guaranteed sunshine. While temperatures are pretty high there at the moment, they’re still not as hot as the UK – it’s set to peak at 35°C on Tuesday. The Spanish resort is hugely popular with tourists at this time of year – whether it’s sunbathing, golf or nightlife you’re after. But if you’re jetting off there in the coming days, you’ll arrive to cooler weather than the UK – as the mercury is set to reach 30°C on Monday and Tuesday. Cape Verde has become a popular destination in recent years, with its 55km of golden sands and its gorgeous weather. And it’s pretty warm there right now – but once again it won’t be as hot as the UK next week, with temperatures reaching around 30°C on Tuesday. MORE : Schools tell pupils to wear PE kit to class amid hottest heatwave in history Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below