Just seconds into today’s Prime Minister’s Questions, two MPs have been kicked out of the Commons. Kenny MacAskill and Neale Hanvey, from Alex Salmond’s Alba party, were ordered to leave the chamber by Sir Lindsay Hoyle. The Commons speaker was furious at cheering and jeering MPs as today’s session began, repeatedly telling MPs to ‘shut up’. Initially it was thought the two rebellious MPs were staging a protest over another Scottish independence referendum. It was hard to hear over all the shouting, but others reported Mr MacAskill trying to raise a point of order, saying: ‘We need a referendum in the Prime Minister.’ Sir Lindsay ordered the pair to sit down, but still they refused, sending the speaker into a rage. He shouted: ‘Neale Hanvey, I am now naming you, and Kenny MacAskill, to leave this chamber… Out, now! Serjeant-at-arms, escort them out!’ Today’s PMQs was inevitably going to by a spicy one, as it was Boris Johnson’s first since announcing his resignation last week. It comes as the Tory party prepares for its first round of votes for its leadership contest later today. Johnson said any of the eight ‘brilliant’ candidates currently standing for leader of the Conservative Party would ‘wipe the floor’ with ‘Captain Crasheroony Snoozefest’, which in case you didn’t guess was his name for Sir Keir Starmer. ‘This may be our last confrontation,’ said the PM, as his successor could be chosen ‘by acclamation’ early next week. ‘It’s true that I leave not at a time of my choosing… but I leave with my head held high.’ This suggests that today’s PMQs will be his last as Prime Minister, and that he won’t show up to next week’s session before the summer recess begins. It comes as the Government announced it will hold a no confidence vote against… itself. Labour wanted a vote of confidence against Boris Johnson to try and force him out of Downing Street in the wake of his resignation. But it was blocked by minister’s who said Mr Johnson should be left out of any confidence motion. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.