BBC Breakfast viewers were feeling ‘second-hand shame’ after Big Zuu’s ‘uncomfortable’ interview with Naga Munchetty and Charlie Stayt earlier this week. The television personality and rapper appeared on the sofa during Friday’s programme to chat about his new series of Big Zuu’s Big Eats, but the conversation took a turn for the awkward when he shared that he met Naga in Ibiza. ‘Last time we met was at Ibiza Rocks,’ Zuu – whose real name is Zuhair Hassan – disclosed, prompting Naga to grimace. Charlie was totally puzzled and asked what Ibiza Rocks is. ‘You know what it is bro,’ Zuu continued, before explaining that it is a hotel that has a ‘lot of live music’. ‘That’s where me and her [Naga] created our bond,’ he added, erupting with laughter. ‘There were a lot of vibes and Craig David was singing,’ Zuu went on to say, after composing himself. ‘You don’t want to admit to the nation?’ But Naga wasn’t impressed and swiftly shot him down. ‘There’s nothing to admit,’ she said. ‘There are certain things that happen in life that are kept outside of Breakfast studio.’ BBC Breakfast viewers were quick to comment on the scenes at hand on social media, with some hitting out at Zuu’s revelation. ‘I need to know who raised Big Zuu because who the hell says that on LIVE TV ???????????????’ asked one. Echoing a similar sentiment, another quizzed: ‘Nah big zuu is a big weirdo why are you doing that on live tv, she was so uncomfortable.’ (sic) Others suggested that Naga’s response fueled the awkardness. ‘Ngl, I don’t think Big Zuu said anything that was out of order. Naga’s reaction is what made it awkward.’ In May, Zuu celebrated his ‘humble beginnings’ and ‘working class people’ after winning the Bafta TV award for features. The star took home two awards during the 75th Bafta TV awards ceremony, after his show Big Zuu’s Big Eats also secured the gong for entertainment performance. After receiving the features award, Zuu paid tribute to his mother and the heritage of his school friends and fellow presenters Hyder and Tubsey. ‘She came to this country four months pregnant from Sierra Leone during the rebel war,’ he said. ‘Hyder’s family come from Kurdistan, which is not a recognised state. ‘Tubsey’s family are from Iraq and Iran, they were in a war when he was born. Man comes from humble beginnings.’ Big Zuu’s Big Eats sees the grime artist cook for celebrities, before chatting with them as they eat. While on stage, he added: ‘Representation is so important. Growing up there wasn’t many chefs or people that look like me on telly. ‘And nowadays, young people watching us doing our ting, thinking do you know what, if these men can win a Bafta surely we can.’ BBC Breakfast airs daily from 6am on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 