The Eurovision Song Contest will be hosted in the UK in 2023 after Ukraine gave up their spot, but who could end up presenting the event? The mega singing contest was won by Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra earlier this year, beating Sam Ryder, who finished in second place. However, their victory came just weeks after the nation was invaded by Russia, which left the nation’s hopes of hosting in doubt. It was later confirmed by the European Broadcasting Union (EBU) that Ukraine would not be hosting. In a statement, they explained that options were explored to try and make the contest happen in Ukraine, amid the Russian invasion, but that it would not be possible to make it work. Now, it has been confirmed the UK will indeed be welcoming the various European nations (and Australia, of course), all hoping to come out on top. But who might lend their hosting skills to present the Eurovision Song Contest 2023? Here are a few of our top picks. Who could be the presenters for Eurovision 2023? Mr Eurovision superfan himself, Rylan, is hotly tipped to be one of the names presenting on the main stage next year. The Radio 2 DJ hosted the two semi-finals live from Turin with Scott Mills, commentating on behalf of the UK. The pair also acted as part of Sam’s entourage, and Rylan is currently fan favourite to present next year. Either way, we know he’ll surely be a big part of Eurovision 2023. Much like Rylan, Scott was present for all of Eurovision, jetting off to Italy with the UK cohort. The Radio 1 DJ has been one of the BBC’s key names covering the contest in recent years and has been commentating on the semi-finals since 2011. He actually discovered UK artist Sam, putting his name forward to represent the nation, so we really think he knows what he’s doing. While Sam doesn’t have any presenting experience, fans are keen for him to be part of the hosting team, and his name is moving up within bookmakers’ odds. The Essex-based star won over Eurovision viewers with his infectious energy and insane vocals, which saw him fly all the way to the runner-up spot. Sam would be the perfect injection of positivity that the contest thrives on, and he’s proved he’s more than capable of keeping an audience engaged and entertained. He is the reason the UK has been given the right to host the song contest in the first place – but could this grant him a spot as part of the presenting team? The famous cook has become quite the national treasure in recent years and has already thrown her hat in the ring. In response to a tweet sharing the news that the UK could host next year back in June, Nigella teased she could be the next Katie Boyle. Katie was a TV star and actress who presented the Eurovision Song Contest on four occasions, in 1960, 1963, 1968 and 1974. Nigella wrote: ‘Waiting for my Katie Boyle moment! Why else get a languages degree?’ We would absolutely love to see it. Timur was the commentator for Ukraine at the most recent contest and previously co-hosted the 2017 contest in Kyiv. He made headlines after presenting the show from a bomb shelter in May, because of Russia’s ongoing war in Ukraine. With the UK promising to keep Ukraine heavily involved in the upcoming contest, we wouldn’t be surprised to see a Ukrainian presenter as part of the line-up, and Timur seems most likely to join the billing so far. AJ is one of the most well-seasoned TV presenters the UK has to offer, and is set to host a revived version of the Big Breakfast alongside Mo Gilligan this summer. She made history on the show after presenting the UK’s points from Greater Manchester for the first time ever, appearing from Salford Quays, home of MediaCity. Even though the Strictly finalist only appeared on-screen for a minute, she made her mark, and many fans want to see her as one of the hosts next year. Graham has been providing his spot-on commentary each year since taking over from Terry Wogan back in 2009. The presenter is known for his innuendo-laden remarks, as well as for bringing the perfect amount of sass to his narration. He’s sure to be high up on the list of potential hosts. We couldn’t miss the opportunity to include Love Island favourite Ekin-Su as the Turkish actress has taken the ITV2 competition by storm. Fans even dug up her popstar past, with a track that would sound right at home at Eurovision. Some viewers of the dating show have even suggested she take over as presenter, and we could definitely see her acting as a roaming reporter backstage and getting all the goss from the stars. Former Bake Off host Mel has plenty of Eurovision experience under her belt, and is one of the nation’s most-loved presenters. She acted as a co-commentator for the semi-finals until 2017 alongside Scott Mills, until Rylan later took over. Mel has previously presented the Eurovision You Decide programme, which saw prospective candidates battle it out to win selection for the UK, so she definitely knows her stuff. A date for the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 is yet to be confirmed. However, we expect it to be sometime in the first half of May, usually taking place on the first or second Saturday of the month. This year, it took place on Saturday, May 14, with the two semi-finals airing earlier on in the same week. This story will be updated when more information is available. Bookmaker Coral is currently backing Birmingham to be the host city of Eurovision in 2023 and as a result, it is the new favourite. The midlands city is at 2/1 in the firm’s betting, which comes days before it will be welcoming a fleet of athletes for the Commonwealth Games. Glasgow is second best at 3/1, London is 5/1, while Manchester is 6/1 to play host to the singing competition. ‘Birmingham hosted the Eurovision Song Contest the last time it was in the UK in 1998 and many punters believe it will return to the city in 2023. ‘After strong support in our betting, we now making Birmingham the favourite ahead of Glasgow and London respectively,’ said Coral’s John Hill. This will be the ninth time the UK has welcomed the contest, having previously hosted it in London, Edinburgh, Brighton, Harrogate and Birmingham. Other cities to have been suggested so far include Edinburgh, Sheffield, Cardiff, Belfast and Norwich, but importantly, Swindon has ruled itself out. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Skins star Kaya Scodelario calls Euphoria ‘crazy’ before remembering ‘what I was doing on TV at 14’ MORE : Stacey Solomon ‘danced to Whitney Houston and wore gown fit for a Disney princess’ at wedding to Joe Swash 