How do you start your day? Perhaps it’s with a coffee, a bowl of porridge, or even a quick look through your emails in bed? Well, forget everything you know, as experts have discovered the ‘perfect’ formula to kick-start your day the best way possible. A team, led by mathematician Dr Anne-Marie Imafidon, looked at the morning habits of 2,000 people in the UK and have invented a formula for the best morning routine. It involves waking up at 6.44am and getting out of bed at 7.12am, before exercising for precisely 21 minutes. Additionally, it features a ten-minute shower and 18 minutes for breakfast. Although, it’s worth stressing that the research was commissioned by Special K Crunchy Oat Granola – so it’s important to note how breakfast is a key component of the routine. The formula has come about after research found that 29% of people regularly ‘wake up on the wrong side of bed’ and stay grumpy until 11am. Instead, to ensure your routine sets you up in a good mood, it’s all about getting the timings right with a certain formula. And while you don’t have to go exactly on what experts say, it’s important to see if you’re making the most of your mornings. Now, this is where the maths comes in. To see if your routine is up to scratch, experts say to double the time you spend on breakfast, then add the minutes you spend exercising and showering. After, work out the difference between how long you slept and the recommended eight hours – so, for example, 1.5 if you only got six and a half hours sleep – as well as the difference in hours between when you got up and 7.12am. So this might be one if it was 8.12am, or two if it was 9.12am. The sum of the minutes for breakfast (doubled), exercise and showering are then divided by the sleeping and getting up points added together. Then add any additional minutes spent on other activities – e.g. feeding the cat, getting the post, getting dressed – and divide this number by two. If your score is higher than 37 you have an optimised morning routine. If it’s any lower, you should take suggestions from the experts. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The hemp-based beauty products you should add to your skincare routine MORE : Why having routines is so important for your mental health MORE : Here’s why you need to start having a separate day and night skincare routine