If Sir Mo Farah wasn’t a knighted four-time Olympic gold medallist, the Home Office would probably deport him to Rwanda for being illegally trafficked to the UK as a child – and bearing a name that isn’t his. That’s the sad reality of the situation. I would argue that it’s legitimate for anyone to think the Home Office would have tried to deport him. That’s if it wasn’t for his remarkable achievements and their fear of public backlash, of course. Every trafficked immigrant has a backstory that forces them out of their home, motherland and everything they’ve ever known but it should not take an immigrant to achieve remarkable feats to be treated humanely by the Home Office. This week, Farah – the most successful British track athlete in modern Olympics – revealed that he was trafficked to the UK as a child, forced into domestic service and his real name is actually Hussein Abdi Kahin. The decision to share his whole truth must have been a hard one and taken a lot of courage, for which I applaud him. I now not only admire him for the great sportsman that he is, but deeply respect him for being such an inspiring human in taking this risk to share his story so publicly. I can only imagine his fear of rejection but, even more so, his worry of also losing his British citizenship and damaging his legacy. But can you blame him? From the hostile environment against the Windrush generation, to the Rwanda policy that aims to deport asylum seekers, and the Nationality and Borders Bill, which gives the UK Government power to deprive British nationals of their citizenship – there seems to be an unequivocal message that ethnic minority immigrants are not welcome here. The Home Office seems to be presenting itself as unwelcoming, inhumane and discriminatory against Black and ethnic minorities seeking refuge in this country. The contrast to the welcome given to Ukrainian refugees could not be more profound. From the Homes for Ukraine scheme – which helps offer a route to Ukrainians who want to come to the UK – to their free access to the NHS and public funds, right to work and study. The same rights aren’t afforded to Black and ethnic minorities fleeing persecution from war-torn places like the Middle-East and North Africa and desperately taking boats to get to British shores. Many have called this preferential treatment racially prejudiced, and I believe they are right to do so. After the news of Mo Farah’s immigration came to light, a Home Office spokesperson said: ‘No action whatsoever will be taken against Sir Mo and to suggest otherwise is wrong.’ The Home Office guidance states: ‘If the person was a child at the time the fraud, false representation or concealment of material fact was perpetrated (that led to citizenship), the caseworker should assume that they were not complicit in any deception by their parent or guardian.’ This is undoubtedly good news for Sir Mo and it is the right decision. However, this decision appears to be in direct contradiction with the enactment of forced deportation on members of the Windrush generation who were either born British citizens or brought into the UK legally, went to school, worked and paid taxes, but were later deprived of their liberties, livelihoods and citizenship. The UK Government ripped families apart, destroyed futures and mental health – even though they had every right to be recognised legally as British citizens. I may sound cynical, but I do not buy their sincerity in Farah’s specific circumstances, given how they have treated many other refugees, asylum seekers and trafficked immigrants who do not enjoy his high national profile. It would be politically-disastrous for them to seek to deprive him of his citizenship or place any onerous restrictions on him. There would be such a public backlash that they would not be able to recover from – on top of the numerous Downing Street parties, mismanagement of the Covid-19 pandemic and an administration that is more corrupt ‘than any UK government since the Second World War,’ according to researchers at Sussex University’s Centre for the Study of Corruption. Additionally, it would negatively impact Britain’s standing worldwide, as well as its reputation in sports – two areas Sir Mo’s Olympic exploits have been a big factor in. It would be a political suicide for this government, and I personally suspect this motivated the speed of their decision to take no further action. The crucial thing we must learn from Farah is the humanity of every life. If we genuinely care about those who are exploited, then our government must punish the traffickers and not the trafficked. It is incumbent on us to create safe legal routes for the most vulnerable – regardless of circumstances – so they can safely claim asylum. We must stop calling them ‘illegals’ because no human is illegal. We must listen and learn from people like Sir Mo Farah so we can create a more humane society. Trafficked immigrants should not have to be a knighted four-time Olympic gold medallist to receive compassion and be treated humanely by this country. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Ross.Mccafferty@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Sir Mo Farah ‘relieved’ Home Office will take no action after shocking child trafficking revelations MORE : Sir Mo Farah reveals he was trafficked into UK and treated as a servant by fake family MORE : Sir Mo Farah praised by charities for revealing ‘unimagineable pain’ of being trafficked as a child