Manchester United and Cristiano Ronaldo have been presented with a big dilemma following an enormous offer from an unnamed club in Saudi Arabia, according to reports. The Portuguese forward has made it clear he wants to leave Old Trafford this summer and is yet to report for pre-season training, having been given extended time off for ‘family reasons’. A host of clubs have been linked with moves for the 37-year-old, including Premier League rivals Chelsea, German giants Bayern Munich, first club Sporting Lisbon and Italian side Roma. United, though, are adamant that they do not want to sell their top scorer, with new boss Erik ten Hag having been planning on having the forward in his squad. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner’s motivation for leaving United is rooted in his desire to compete for silverware and play in the Champions League. But now, according to CNN Portugal, Ronaldo has been presented with an enormous offer from Saudi Arabia that would make him the highest-paid player in history – but he would have to give up European football. The offer, likely funded by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund, would see Ronaldo earn an absolutely eye-watering €250million (£211m) over two seasons. That would work out at just over £105m per season in the Saudi Pro League, or £2m per week – over five times what he currently earns at Old Trafford. The offer is absolutely unprecedented and it would certainly take a salary of that size to convince Ronaldo to walk away from European football while he still believes he can add more titles and accolades to his collection. Although United do not want to let Ronaldo leave, there were suggestions that stance might soften if they were offered a sizeable fee for the veteran forward. At the very least, the Red Devils would want to receive a fee equivalent to what they paid Juventus last summer – which was £12.9m up front plus various add-ons which could reach £19.5m. The unnamed Saudi Arabian club are actually ready to offer more than that, with a £25m bid being prepared. As part of the transfer, Ronaldo’s agent, Jorge Mendes, would also receive around £17m in what could be one of the biggest paydays – and most surprising transfers – in modern football history. MORE : Manchester United legend helps pave the way for £46.5million deal for Lisandro Martinez MORE : Paris Saint-Germain turn down chance to sign Cristiano Ronaldo after being offered Man Utd star this week For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 