Boris Johnson has said leaving Number 10 would not be the ‘responsible’ thing to do, given the challenges facing the country. The prime minister has been badly wounded by a wave of resignations from senior colleagues and junior ministers calling for him to step down. Reports suggest a delegation of Cabinet ministers – said to include Grant Shapps and Brandon Lewis – are heading to Downing Street to tell him he should quit. Michael Gove is thought to have already done so. Mr Johnson appeared before the Liaison Committee on Thursday, during which he was confronted with one of his own past quotes about leaders who cling to power long after they have lost all authority. Labour MP Darren Jones challenged the PM: ‘”When a regime has been in power for too long, when it has fatally exhausted the patience of the people, and when oblivion finally beckons – I am afraid that across the world you can rely on the leaders of that regime to act solely in the interests of self-preservation and not in the interests of the electorate.” ‘Who authored that quote?’ Mr Johnson joked: ‘You’re trying me. Was it Cicero? Was it Aristotle? Perhaps it was Plato? Montesquieu?’ Mr Jones intervened: ‘Just to break it to you, it was you prime minister. Perhaps it was foresight.’ He went on: ‘I made a joke there, but in all sincerity – and this must be difficult for you personally – this isn’t funny. It’s not a game, people are struggling across the country. ‘It’s not brave for you to carry on doing this.’ Mr Johnson said: ‘I think the country is going through tough times. You are making a point about duty. ‘I look at the issues this country faces. I look at the pressures that people are under and the need for the Government to focus on their priorities.’ He continued: ‘I look at the biggest war in Europe for 80 years and I can’t for the life of me see how it is responsible just to walk away from that. ‘Particularly not when you have a mandate of the kind that we won two, three years ago.’ Told there was a delegation of Cabinet ministers waiting in Downing Street to tell him the game is up, Mr Johnson repeated that he was ‘not going to get into a running commentary on political events’. He also ruled out calling for a snap general election, telling the Liaison Committee that the earliest he can see for one is 2024. The Prime Minister said ‘of course, I rule it out’, before adding: ‘The earliest date that I can see for a general election is two years from now or 2024, I think it is the most likely date for the next election. ‘We have a huge amount to deliver. We are going to get on and do it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.