Hundreds of people are expected to turn out for a silent vigil for Zara Aleena on Saturday afternoon to ‘walk her home’. The 35-year-old law graduate was only minutes from her front door when she was attacked on Cranbrook Road in Ilford, east London, on June 26. Ms Aleena’s family have organised a vigil for Saturday, almost a week on from her death, to try to bring comfort to her bereaved loved ones while highlighting the epidemic of male violence against women and girls. Speaking to media on Friday, Ms Aleena’s aunt said her niece had been in her own local community, in an area she knew well where she felt safe when she was attacked. Farah Naz said the family was determined to try to ‘change something’ and compel the political leaders of Britain to act ‘right now to prevent violence’. She said: ‘(My niece) was not ignorant to the fact that women get hurt. This isn’t about making the streets safe, it’s about changing the mindset.’ Weeping, Ms Naz added: ‘We will never get through this, but it (the walk) will help us.’ The vigil will take the form of a silent walk that traces the route Ms Aleena had been taking but never got to complete, ‘to bring her back where she belonged safely’. Those attending the walk will meet at 1.30pm opposite Cranbrook Rise on Cranbrook Road in Ilford, commencing the walk at 2.17pm – the time in the morning on June 26 Ms Aleena was attacked. Her family have requested attendees wear white and remain ‘silent and sombre’ as ‘we walk Zara home in our hearts’. In anticipation of the silent vigil for Ms Aleena, women have been sharing photos of their shoes to social media with the hashtag #SafelyHomeInOurShoes. She had been returning home from a night out when she was dragged, kicked and stamped on, prosecutors said. A post-mortem examination found she had suffered multiple serious injuries. Jordan McSweeney, 29, of Dagenham, east London, appeared at the Old Bailey on Friday accused of murder, attempted rape and robbery. He entered no pleas and was remanded in custody. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.