New video has captured the moment tourists frantically race to lay claim to sun loungers in Tenerife. The practice of reserving the best poolside seating spots with towels, often at the crack of dawn, has long been a common practice at resorts. So-called ‘sunbed wars’ still divide opinion among holidaymakers. A new Tiktok has revealed the latest battle at the Paradise Park resort, with video showing a determined group queueing impatiently around 6am. The tourists are unleashed from a nearby building and, like a herd of cattle, dash out en masse. They can be seen speed-walking while armed with towels in their bid to claim a coveted sun lounger spot. The rush has bemused resort staff, who say there are five swimming pools across their site. Paradise Park spokesperson Rafael Ruiz-Benitez de Lugo told MailOnline: ‘We were amused to see it considering that our hotel has five swimming pools and areas with space and sunbeds for everyone. ‘Although we see quite a bit of talent among our guests for obstacle races.’ Some in the footage can be seen deploying towels onto more than one seat to save spaces for family or friends. Millions have seen the Tiktok already, but comments have been turned off to hush any potential debate. But similar footage has been branded ‘mayhem’ in the past. In Tenerife, hotel workers recently took matters into their own hands to resolve a similar issue. Amanda Proctor was on holiday at the Gran Costa Adeje Hotel when she spotted workers taking revenge on cheeky tourists. Staff could be seen picking up yellow towels in the clip, with one worker flinging more than 10 towels over his shoulder at one point. Most people viewing the clip sided with the hotel staff and urged more resorts to adopt a similar policy. In another classic example of the sunbed wars being fought in resorts around Europe, an angry pensioner was caught on video tipping a holidaymaker off a reserved lounger at a hotel in Portugal. The poolside row started after Jenna Deacon and her pal Eilidh Robertson, 19, bagged a sunbed that had been ‘reserved’ with a towel in the Portuguese resort of Albufeira. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.