Ever fancied living in a phone box and being neighbours with the royals at the same time? Turns out you can – if you can afford to splash £45,000 on the iconic red kiosk we all know too well in upmarket Kensington, London. It’s in close proximity to Prince William and Kate’s home Kensington Palace and also just a stone’s throw from Buckingham Palace. Priced  at more than a two-bed in Britain’s most affordable town, the K6 Box is very pokey, measuring just 3ft deep and wide and 8ft 3″ high. It also features electricity and is currently classified as a Listed Building. The phone box – which dates back to the 1930s – could be converted into a shop and business. However, if you’d rather live somewhere more spacious, and for a lot less, you could buy a family terraced house in Shildon, County Durham – with several houses currently on the market for between £40,000 and £45,000. In Shildon, the average property price is just £71,000, making it the cheapest place to live in the UK. In the listing, the ‘property’ is described as an ‘iconic piece of British heritage’ where you can run your own business, or even advertise from. These historic listed ‘K6’ red phone boxes or ‘Jubilee’ kiosks commemorate the Silver Jubilee of the coronation of King George V. According to the listing, they were originally designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott – the man behind Liverpool’s Anglican Cathedral, Battersea Power Station and Bankside Power Station (now Tate Modern). Many of these iconic red kiosks have been listed by Historic England and some have been transformed into coffee shops, libraries, flower shops, bakeries and defibrillators. Kensington – an affluent district in the West of Central London – has its commercial heart in Kensington High Street, running on an east-west axis. The telephone kiosk is located on the east side opposite its junction with Dukes Lane. At the end of the day, it is registered as a Listed Building at Historic England. This means that, while you can own the kiosk and resell at any point, it’s classed as heritage land, so you can’t remove it or alter the exterior. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : Friends struggling to get on the property ladder convert old bus into a luxury camper van home MORE : Want to be on Location Location Location? How to apply and what the rules are for Kirstie and Phil’s property show