Ivana Trump, former President Donald Trump’s first wife, died of blunt force injuries to her torso from falling down stairs, a medical examiner has ruled. The cause of Ivana’s death was ‘blunt impact trauma’ and the manner of her death was an ‘accident’, a spokeswoman for New York City’s Office of the Chief Medical Examiner announced on Friday afternoon. ‘Having released this determination, OCME will not comment further on the investigation,’ the spokeswoman said a day after Ivana’s death. Toxicology reports and details around what happened before the fall have not been revealed. Two law enforcement sources on Thursday had said that police were looking into whether Ivana, 73, fell down the stairs of her home in Manhattan’s Upper East Side, according to The New York Times. One of the officials had said there was  no indication of forced entry into the residence. Ivana was found unresponsive and alone on a staircase in her home, and first responders pronounced her dead at the scene. Giuliano Zuliani, who owns a restaurant that Ivana frequented, said she did not appear to be doing well when she stopped by two weeks ago. ‘She was in bad shape. She could barely walk. She didn’t eat her food, she took it home with her,’ Zuliani told People. Ivana married Donald in 1977 and they had three children – Donald Trump Jr, 44, Ivanka Trump, 40, and Eric Trump, 38. Ivana held top positions within the Trump Organization until the couple divorced, and she went on to start her own clothing, jewelry and beauty product lines. Her ex-husband posted on his Truth Social platform on Thursday that Ivana was a ‘wonderful, beautiful, and amazing woman, who led a great and inspirational life’. ‘Her pride and joy were her three children, Donald Jr, Ivanka, and Eric. She was so proud of them, as we were all so proud of her. Rest In Peace, Ivana!’ he wrote. Earlier on Friday, New York Attorney General Letitia James’ office said it agreed at the request of lawyers for ex-President Trump, Trump Jr and Ivanka, to postpone their depositions in a civil investigation that were set for next week. ‘This is a temporary delay and the depositions will be rescheduled as soon as possible,’ stated a spokeswoman with James’ office. ‘We offer our condolences to the Trump family.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.