Stacey Solomon and Joe Swash have shared some utterly gorgeous photographs from their wedding, with the bride’s gown a thing to behold. The loved-up pair were married in the grounds of their Essex home, affectionately dubbed Pickle Cottage, this week, surrounded by friends and family. After seven years together, two children and delays due to the Covid-19 pandemic, Stacey and Joe said their vows on Sunday, officially becoming the Solomon-Swashes. Stacey regularly posts updates on her life with Joe and the children, their home renovations and her career in TV, but in recent days took time out from social media to enjoy her wedding and the days of newly-wedded bliss that followed. The couple were married under a wedding canopy in keeping with Jewish traditions, with the wooden Chuppah adorned in gorgeous white flowers. One photograph sees a joyous Stacey in peals of laughter as she and Joe stand before the officiant, looking gorgeous in a white gown and veil, with a delicate flower tiara across her blonde locks. Other photographs from the sunkissed day see the newly-married Stacey and Joe walk down the aisle together, holding hands and looking into each other’s eyes, matching happy grins on their faces. Stacey wore a beautiful pale dress with a corset-like top and thin straps, complete with a long white veil that trailed down her back. The bottom half of the dress was flowing and loose, adorned in tiny delicate patterns, which trailed along the floor as she walked down the aisle. A thigh-length slit was visible at the side, allowing Stacey to move comfortable and showing off her strappy silver shoes. The mum-of-four coupled the dress with slight gold jewellery, with a pendant on her neck and bracelet hanging from her wrist. Joe, meanwhile, looked handsome in a smart navy tuxedo, white shirt and pale green bowtie. The star couldn’t keep the smile off his face as he looked at his new wife, with multiple photos showing them gripping hands tightly and unable to look away from each other. Stacey underwent a hair transformation coming up to the wedding, telling followers she had wanted to feel like herself for the day, having previously donned bright red hair. Her more natural look left her absolutely glowing on the big day, with the star pairing the soft blonde colour with pale eye makeup and a natural lipstick. It’s clear the couple are as head-over-heels for each other as ever, as seen in the incredibly beautiful photographs taken of the new Mr and Mrs on the grounds of their home. In one, Stacey wraps her arms around EastEnders star Joe, her new husband keeping his hands protectively on her waist as his new wedding band glints in the sunlight. The coupe pressed their heads together, each sharing a smile as they embraced in the idyllic countryside setting. It’s been reported the newlyweds shared their romantic first dance to Whitney Houston’s My Love Is Your Love after saying their vows, with Stacey describing it as ‘the most special day.’ In an Instagram post following the ceremony, Stacey shared her joy of finally becoming Mrs Solomon-Swash but admitted there was an air of sadness as her husband and her father grieved their respective parents. She wrote: ‘Joe lost his father at the age of 11 and so did my dad. ‘A huge part of our wedding day was reflecting on how this had a huge effect on them and how hard it is, even to this day to deal with.’ Their special day was initially postponed due to the pandemic and later after Stacey became pregnant with daughter Rose, as the parents wanted all their kids to be there to see them walk down the aisle. The couple share baby Rose, 10 months, as well as son Rex, four, with Stacey also having songs Leighton, 10, and Zachary, 14. Joe also has son Harry, 15,  from a previous relationship. All five of the couple’s children were present to share in the happy occasion. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Linda Robson ‘only Loose Women star’ to attend Stacey Solomon’s joyous wedding to Joe Swash: ‘It was an amazing day’ MORE : Stacey Solomon reveals huge part of ‘special’ wedding day was dedicated to Joe Swash’s late father 