It’s been almost a year since Squid Game hit the small screen and shocked viewers to the core, but the hype still hasn’t died down. The Netflix series, which pitted cash-strapped contestants against each other in violent reinterpretations of classic playground games, stunned viewers in 2021. It broke tonnes of viewership records on the streaming platform and inspired Halloween costumes across the globe. A second season is in the works. And now the series, helmed by South Korean writer-director Hwang Dong-hyuk, has been rewarded with a heap of Emmy nominations. As a result, it has become the first-ever non-English language series to land nominations in the main drama category. First and foremost, the series has been nominated for the most prestigious award handed out at the ceremony: outstanding drama series. In addition, the series’ main star, Lee Jung-jae, who portrayed Player 456 Seong Gi-hun, has received a nod for outstanding lead actor in a drama series. Celebrations are also in order for Jung-jae’s co-star, Park Hae-soo, who played Player 218 Cho Sang-woo, and Oh Yeong-su, who appeared as the infamous Player 001. Jung Ho-yeon, who starred in the brutal series as Player 067 Kang Sae-byeok, has received a nomination for outstanding supporting actress in a drama series. The series has also been nominated for the outstanding writing for a drama series and outstanding directing for a drama series. It’s also up for a number of technical awards, including outstanding production design, outstanding cinematography, and outstanding stunt performance. After Netflix officially announced that a second season would be on the way in the future, the show’s stars were asked about Dong-hyuk’s progress with writing it. Lee Jung-jae said that things were taking longer than expected, but that progress was being made on the next batch of episodes. ‘It feels like [Dong-hyuk] is really struggling to write the script,’ Lee said. ‘I actually wanted to ask director Hwang about it too’. ‘When there’s this present that you want… you’re waiting for that [and] you’re so excited to get it, you don’t want to have it little by little.’ Jung-jae’s comments arrived shortly after Netflix revealed that a Squid Game reality gameshow will be coming to the streaming service in the future. Named Squid Game: The Challenge, the upcoming gameshow will see contestants compete in games based on the series for a £3million cash prize. You can watch Squid Game on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The complete list of Emmy Awards 2022 nominations, from Stranger Things to Squid Game as Succession scores 25 nods MORE : Squid Game star Lee Jung-jae sparks concern with worrying update on season 2 script