Rihanna and A$AP Rocky took a breather from their baby bubble to head out on a no doubt much-needed date night. The couple welcomed their first child together in May and took a small period of time out of the spotlight to enjoy getting to know their bundle of joy. They’ve been popping up in various cities around the world as A$AP, 33, returned to live performances with Rihanna, 34, by his side, however, it’s only now that the two have been spotted on a date night alone. On Sunday evening, the musicians hit the streets of New York City to grab a bite together with their baby nowhere to be seen. Wild Thoughts singer Rihanna dressed up for the occasion wearing a corset with a cone bra, leggings, heels and a long coat, while A$AP – real name Rakim Myers – wore a blazer with shorts, T-shirt and trainers. He was able to multitask holding Rihanna’s hand while puffing on a cigarette in the other as they headed to the restaurant. It’s possible the pair won’t be in NYC for long as they’ve been busy flitting around the globe in recent weeks. Rihanna made her first public appearance since giving birth at Wireless Festival in London earlier in July, surprising the crowds who had no idea she’d snuck into town. The Kiss It Better hitmaker was filmed making her way through the crowd before cheering A$AP on during his performance. She was also spied accompanying her boyfriend to a barber shop in south London, watching on as the rapper got a trim and shape-up. Fans are yet to get a glimpse of Rihanna and A$AP’s baby, who is said to be a boy, with the couple keeping details under wraps. A source did share an insight into the couple’s new life as a family, telling People: ‘Rihanna is doing well. They are very excited to be parents. Rihanna is already a wonderful mum.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna boots Kim Kardashian to become America’s youngest self-made female billionaire with net worth of $1,400,000,000 by age 34 MORE : Rihanna and A$AP Rocky make surprise appearance at south London barbershop following rapper’s Wireless performance 