Final footage of former Rugby League star Ricky Bibey, who was found dead in a hotel room on Saturday, has been released. The 40-year-old’s body was discovered at the Hotel Continentale in Florence, Italy, after the alarm was raised by a 43-year-old woman he was with. There was reportedly blood in the room and the woman was taken to the Careggi hospital for treatment. The former rugby player was caught on camera the evening before his death, strolling through Florence. He was joined by the woman, who walked ahead, and a couple. The group appear to be walking briskly and are chatting animatedly as they make their way through the city’s streets. Taken around 4.10am on Saturday, and obtained by MailOnline, the footage was taken from a building near to the hotel. A matter of hours after the group walked past the camera, Bibey was dead. On Tuesday, it was reported that police believe he may have died of a heart attack during a ‘sex game gone wrong’. A source told MailOnline: ‘The post mortem has confirmed the man died from a cardiac arrest but we are still waiting for full toxicology results to see what was in his system. ‘We believe he had taken drugs and alcohol in large quantities and this resulted in his death, there were no signs of a violent death. ‘There are scratch marks on his hands, wrists and forearms and these appear to be defensive. ‘The theory we are working on is that they were caused by the woman after possibly being forced into some form of erotic game which she didn’t want to do. ‘We have only spoken briefly and informally to her and she has said she was not into violent sex or erotic games.’ Staff at the Hotel Continentale reportedly told Italian reporters that a woman ‘came out half naked from the room, smeared with blood, screaming for help to the neighbours and to a cleaner.’ Bibey, who played for Wigan Warriors, St Helens, Leigh and Wakefield Trinity, had arrived in Italy on Friday night. Forensic teams were seen at the luxury hotel, located a short walk from the iconic Ponte Vecchio in the city’s historic centre following the incident. A post-mortem examination is set to take place today to determine the cause of Bibey’s death. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.