Things got a little heated between Nadine Dorries and Good Morning Britain presenters Ben Shephard and Ranvir Singh, with the MP not appreciating being grilled about political controversies. The culture secretary appeared on the ITV news programme on Thursday to chat about the Commonwealth Games, which are taking place today. Joining Ben and Ranvir remotely from the city, Ms Dorries was quizzed about her controversial comments about Liz Truss, who is battling for the Conservative leadership, was wearing ‘£4.50 earrings from Claire’s Accessories’. She also compared it to Ms Truss’ leadership rival Rishi Sunak ‘[visiting] Teeside in Prada shoes worth £450 and [sporting a] £3,500 bespoke suit’. Ranvir, 44, then pressed further: ‘Let’s talk about the leadership contest shall we between the two, you seem to still be…,’ at which point Ms Dorries interrupted the journalist to change the subject. ‘Shall we talk about the Commonwealth Games in Birmingham which is why I’m here and the amazing buzz that’s in this city?’ the minister said. ‘And shall we focus on the Lionesses and the positives about what’s happening in the next five days in the UK, the Lionesses going to Wembley.’ When Ranvir assured her they have discussed both the Commonwealth and the women’s England football team making it to the Euro’s finals on Sunday, her co-host Ben, 47, stepped in to set the record straight with their guest. He explained: ‘Nadine, we’ve been on-air since 6 o’clock this morning, we’ve been talking about Birmingham every hour, we are celebrating it and we are celebrating the Lionesses as well unquestionably. ‘But we only get you for about 15 minutes and so, I hope you appreciate, we want to talk about the Commonwealth Games, we are thrilled they are going to be in Birmingham they’re going to be a great success.’ Ben added: ‘But we do also need to ask you about some of the other pressing issues that the political landscape is facing as well. You do appreciate that?’ Ms Dorries, 65, simply replied: ‘OK.’ Refusing to give up their line of questioning, Ranvir went on to ask the MP whether she’s ‘holding a grudge’ against Rishi Sunak for turning on Boris Johnson’, who she has been notoriously loyal to. Ms Dorries had quite the eventful morning on live TV, as she was also forced to call security when her Sky News interview was derailed by a shouting man. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays at 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nadine Dorries calls for security on live TV after interview derailed by shouting man MORE : Doctor Who showrunner Russell T Davies leads tributes to Bernard Cribbins: ‘A legend has left the world’ 