The theme of this year’s Met Gala was Gilded America, with guests asked to wear outfits representing the country’s Gilded Age of excess in the late 1800s. But that’s not the only era to be defined by its overindulgence and extravagance. ‘McBling’ was first coined by Evan Collins of the Y2K Aesthetic Institute, defining a specific offshoot of the time’s style. In a Twitter thread, Evan explained: ‘This term is sometimes used interchangeably with Y2K, though in terms of stylistic qualities they’re almost diametrically opposed. ‘McBling emerged in reaction against the prevailing design atmosphere of the 90s, which was typically restrained and minimalist.’ Towards the end of the century, this bend towards a pared-back look shifted, with the fashion landscape becoming more experimental and bold. At a time of economic boom, people expressed their status through luxury brands and expensive jewellery. Celebrities gave us guided tours of their palatial homes (sometimes jokingly referred to as McMansions) on MTV Cribs. Paris and Nicole were our style heroes in their diamanté-encrusted tracksuits and teeny tiny handbags. McBling has been described as the ‘hungover older sister’ of Y2K, with a sense of It Girl attitude in the form of lots sparkle and a melange of vivid prints. And although its ‘more is more’ vibe made its way out of fashion after the 2008 recession, it’s now back with a bang. With hindsight of the time period, we definitely wouldn’t advise you to make the same mistakes of the past, from excessive consumption to pieces veering on the side of tacky. However, accessories are the perfect way to get in on the trend without going overboard. We’ve rounded up our favourite McBling-inspired buys, giving you a hint of the heiress lifestyle without the crazy price tag. Buy for £45 (was £75) at Urban Outfitters. Buy for £36 at Asos. Buy for £188 at John Lewis. Buy for £25 at Boohoo. Buy for £7 at Accessorize. Buy for £24.99 at H&M. Buy for £10 at Asos. Buy for £20 at River Island. Buy for £18 at Bad Handwriting. Buy for £116 (was £145) at Swarovski. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Quirky converted oast house with circular rooms goes on the market for £1.5m MORE : Holographic hair makeup that changes colour in heat launches with huge waiting list