While Davide Sanclimenti has been known as the meme king of this year’s Love Island, he’s sparked intense fury from fans following comments he made about Indiyah Polack to Dami Hope. Over the past few days, viewers have been watching the drama on the show reach new highs after the introduction of Casa Amor, when the girls jetted off to meet a new batch of boys while the original guys in the main villa welcomed more new contestants. While some couples seemed as though they couldn’t be broken despite the obstacle, one fan-favourite pairing – Dami and Indiyah – looks like it could be on the rocks after Dami struck up a romance with newcomer Summer Botwe. During last night’s episode, Davide turned to Dami while sitting with him and Jacques O’Neill, telling him: ‘I feel you are in trouble.’ ‘I feel like I am in trouble,’ Dami responded, as Jacques laughed. The microbiologist continued, saying: ‘I want to be real and genuine. Don’t get me wrong – I do like Indiyah a lot, I do. Everything I have with Indiyah is perfect, it’s good. But I feel like I actually haven’t been given opportunities to explore new connections, and I am single.’ Jacques shared that he felt the exact same way about Paige Thorne, explaining that when he first entered the villa he ‘only ever wanted Paige’, so he wants to ‘be open now’. Davide then voiced his contentious opinion on Dami’s bond with Summer in comparison to his prior connection with Indiyah, telling his fellow islander: ‘If you close yourself now, it’s not going to be helpful. From my personal point of view, you got a great upgrade.’ ‘Upgrade?’ Dami asked, as Davide added that ‘of course Indiyah is beautiful’. ‘It’s not even about looks to me. I know we shouldn’t be comparing, but we are here to actually see who we have better connections with. I feel like even Summer’s personality, I’m warming up to that,’ Dami said. After Jacques claimed that he hadn’t ‘had a chance with another girl’, Dami added that if the opportunity arose – which, as we now know, it did – he would kiss Summer just to see if there was ‘something there’. There was plenty to fume over during last night’s episode, but Davide’s claim that Dami had ‘upgraded’ from Indiyah proved to be one of the most anger-inducing moments. ‘Did Davide say that Dami getting a new girl would be an upgrade? How unprovoked??’ one person tweeted. ‘Davide calling this new girl an UPGRADE on INDIYAH? Nah I’m finished with all these men. GET THEM OUT OF MY SIGHT,’ another incensed viewer wrote. Several people remarked on how the comment came completely ‘unprovoked’, with one person saying they were ‘ready to fly to Majorca to fight’. Another said that they had ‘gone off’ Davide after watching the latest episode, following the upgrade comment about Indiyah and the ‘gross’ way he speaks about Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu behind her back. The people running Tasha Ghouri’s Instagram account jumped to Indiyah’s defence, writing in a story post: ‘Indiyah is the one and only upgrade anyone will ever need in their life. Love ya girl!’ Meanwhile, those behind Ekin-Su’s profile shared a close-up picture of her face PhotoShopped to look like there were red lasers being fired from her eyes, writing in the caption: ‘Red has been drawn. Upgrade,’ alongside a row of cry-laughing emojis. Love Island returns tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Amber Gill says ‘switching teams was best decision I made in my life’ while declaring men ‘the worst’ MORE : Raunchy races leads to kisses all around and a fiery face-off between Luca and Dami: Love Island episode 29 talking points 