Hollywood legend Mickey Rourke slammed Tom Cruise as ‘irrelevant‘ before breaking down in tears as he discussed the ongoing war in Ukraine on Piers Morgan Uncensored. The American actor and former boxer appeared on Morgan’s TalkTV show on Monday night, where he discussed meeting Russian president Vladimir Putin in 2014 before becoming emotional as he discussed the situation in Ukraine. He also shared his thoughts on Top Gun: Maverick star Cruise making the action sequel, saying: ‘I got no respect for that… I don’t care about money and power. I care about, when I watch Al Pacino working, Chris Walken and De Niro’s early work and Richard Harris’s work and Ray Winstone’s work. ‘That’s the kind of actor I want to be like… Brando back in the day. The kind of guys who tried to stretch as actors’. Asked by Morgan whether he thought Cruise was a ‘good actor,’ Rourke replied: ‘I think he’s irrelevant in my world.’ Elsewhere during the candid interview, the Iron Man 2 star confessed his feelings since meeting Putin in 2014 had changed, after an image of him wearing a Putin T-shirt had resurfaced. The 69-year-old clarified: ‘That was 2014. I just want to make that clear.’ Rourke recalled a ‘heart breaking’ moment when Putin invited him to visit ‘a home that took care of little, tiny children that had incurable cancer,’ in St Petersburg. ‘That was really heart breaking to go to and I was talking to all these little kids and I remember I gave a rosary of mine to one of the little girls. ‘And I looked over at Vladimir and I could see somebody that was genuinely concerned about where we were and someone who was empathetic and he was there for a sincere reason.’ The actor continued: ‘That’s the thing that blows my mind, because it’s like two brother countries and I don’t understand what he wants. ‘Not only combatants are getting killed but old people are getting killed, young people are getting killed, schools are getting targeted, hospitals are getting targeted.’ ‘All that is not right,’ Rourke added. The Wrestler actor could then no longer hold back his tears as he saw an image of an old man in Ukraine amid the ongoing war. ‘I saw a guy, an image of a man who was looking at a hole, at a ditch,’ he explained, adding: ‘I put myself in the position, he was looking for his brother and that kind of struck home with me and bothered me a lot and made me think [Putin’s] doing really terrible, bad things and I wish some kind of little bell would ring in his head or heart and he’ll wake up and just stop all this. ‘Then I saw a picture of a man, an old man laying shot on him on a bicycle and the old woman shot on a bicycle.’ Fighting back tears, he added: ‘But the image that bothered me the most, I saw this old man old in a little grey kitten and the old survived his house being bombed. ‘He lost five family members and the only thing he had, it’s kind of hard for me to talk about it, the only thing he had was this little grey kitty. ‘I looked at that image… and I said how can I have anything to worry about? Losing a movie? Or I’m having a bad day? ‘I’m looking at this old guy holding a little kitty that crawled out from the rubble and that’s all he had, he lost five family members,’ adding that ‘ever since that day,’ he has ‘said prayers’ for those people he recalls seeing in images of the ongoing conflict in Ukraine. Elsewhere in the interview, Rourke opened up about his abusive upbringing, revealing that he had spent 23 years in therapy to help come to terms with his traumatic childhood and past. ‘I came from a very shameful upbringing and it was very violent, and very physically abusive and mentally,’ he said, adding: ‘When I left home, like 14 or 15… I was so happy that the physical pain was over, because that was horrifying but I didn’t realise it was going to f*** me up in my head and my way of dealing with people.’ The Expendables star his actions while trying to shut out his past had lead to ‘alienating’ those around him, saying that he was ‘living in shame’. ‘There comes a time and it happened when I was about 14 and when you are living in shame there is nothing worse. You have two choices – you either live in shame, and you become a broken soul or person, or you get hard. ‘I chose to get hard not by choice but by survival.’ Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Boris Johnson absolutely slated by stars with Piers Morgan leading the charge: ‘Terrible final speech by a truly terrible Prime Minister’ MORE : ‘You should know better!’ Piers Morgan blasted by Peta after needlessly holding up a ‘sensitive’ pig for attack on Boris Johnson 