A mum and her Thai boxer boyfriend have been found guilty of murdering her 15-year-old son after a campaign of torture lasting months. Sebastian Kalinowski, 15, was punched, kicked, stamped on, beaten with a bed slat, struck with a staircase spindle and whipped with a cable over numerous incidents at their home in Huddersfield last year. He suffered multiple untreated broken ribs caused by a savaging on August 13, which led to sepsis and fatal organ failure. Agnieszka Kalinowska, 36, and her partner, Andrzej Latoszewski, 36, both denied murder, though she admitted child cruelty and he admitted manslaughter. Kalinowska also insisted she was being controlled by her partner and that she hit Sebastian more gently and less often her partner, who was a bodybuilder and Muay Thai fanatic in his spare time. But a jury convicted the pair after hearing how she encouraged Latoszewski’s abuse and held Sebastian down while her partner beat the boy. The abuse was detailed in ‘horrifying’ footage from CCTV cameras which the couple installed partly to ‘monitor and control’ Sebastian. Sebastian moved to the UK in 2020 from his home country of Poland, where he had lived with his biological father. He was described as a ‘model pupil’ by his new teachers, but Kalinowska and Latoszewski constantly accused him of misbehaving, lying and bunking off school. Despite claiming she had been controlled by her partner, Sebastian’s mum told the court she felt it was a ‘usual punishment from a parent’ to hit their child on the head. Asked about one incident, Latoszewski claimed he had wanted to up the ante after the ‘normal form of punishment failed to work’ but went too far ‘due to a lack of experience’ as a parental figure. The beatings got worse after Sebastian’s school term ended. He was also stabbed with a needle, force-fed and made to do intense workouts. The couple were said to have dressed Sebastian’s body after he lost consciousness following his final beating. Paramedics were called to their home and rushed him to hospital but he was pronounced dead later that day. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.