Families have resorted to stealing essentials such as baby formula due to skyrocketing prices, MPs warned. Security tags have been added to a range of products as supermarket staff work to prevent thefts. Sainsbury’s stores in Kent, where the price of an 800g container of baby formula rose by £1.50 in one week, are among those which have added extra security measures. Ministers were today warned of rising concerns over inflation across the UK, and the true price of the living cost crisis on families. Alison Thewliss, SNP MP for Glasgow Central, told the House of Commons: ‘One of the most worrying increases in food prices is for infant formula, some of which is now so expensive it is security tagged and kept behind the till because families have resorted to stealing it. ‘What is the Government doing to make sure that infant formula is available to families who need it? Because at this price many cannot afford it at all.’ Cabinet Office minister Kit Malthouse replied that support for families slipping into poverty was ‘constantly’ under review. He responded: ‘Obviously we are monitoring all prices, particularly in vital areas like formula, very closely and I know she will welcome therefore the support that is going to eight million houses on means-tested benefits starting from today, with another instalment in the future coming this autumn on top of the assistance that has already been given.’ Mr Malthouse claimed ‘something like £37 billion’ had gone to assist families. Within the last month, the cost of a single tub of Lurpak butter has soared to eye-watering £7.20. Parents have spoken of their desperate ‘drive to cut costs’ as they battle to make ends meet. This week, Iceland’s managing director explained how his staff had also seen a rise in shoplifting in stores as the cost of living crisis worsens. Soaring food costs had even led to more ‘aggressive incidents’. Speaking on ITV’s Good Morning Britain, Richard Walker gave an update on what the supermarket was seeing amid the cost of living crisis. Walker said soaring food costs have sparked a rise in shoplifting and aggressive incidents across Iceland stores. He said: ‘I get the serious incident reports every week of aggressive behaviour that goes on in our stores and unfortunately it is going up because people are struggling. ‘We’re not the police and we do have security guards in some stores, but they will give a written warning or ban the customer from the story if they get aggressive.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.