The BBC has received six complaints against Tim Westwood over allegations of bullying or sexual misconduct. It was revealed in April of this year that multiple Black women had come forward with accusations against the former Radio 1 DJ. At the time, Director general Tim Davie said that ‘no evidence of complaints’ had been found – but the broadcaster has now confirmed that one complaint against the 64-year-old had been referred to the police. ‘This is a historic case that the BBC has found in its files. We are establishing the facts around it,’ a spokesperson said in a statement. ‘It did not relate to conduct at the BBC, BBC premises, or conduct towards a BBC staff member, nor was it an accusation of physical assault. ‘We are aware that one of these complaints was referred to police and Westwood was spoken to in relation to another complaint. ‘We are not aware what further action was taken at this stage. As a result of this, we are looking into what action was taken at the time.’ In a statement shared with Metro.co.uk, a BBC spokesperson added: ‘As we have said, if people have things that they want to raise with the BBC, then they should do so. People have now done so and we will continue to investigate. ‘We also said that we would dig into what happened in the past. We are doing that with great care. All of that work hasn’t concluded and is ongoing. ‘We said we would take this seriously, and we are. When that work has concluded, we will say more.’ In a bombshell report by the Guardian and BBC, three women claimed they were the victims of opportunistic and predatory sexual behaviour – while four others alleged that they were groped by him at events. The women were in their late teens or early 20s when the incidents were said to have taken place, between 1992 – 2017. They alleged that Westwood abused his position in the music industry to exploit them and also shared their stories in BBC Three documentary, Tim Westwood: Abuse of Power. According to reports, they came forward with their stories after anonymous allegations of the star’s inappropriate behaviour circulated on social media in June, 2020. Westwood denied all allegations against him, with a spokesperson describing the claims as completely false in a statement given in April. ‘Tim Westwood strongly denies all allegations of inappropriate behaviour,’ it said. ‘In a career that has spanned 40 years, there have never been any complaints made against him officially or unofficially. Tim Westwood strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing.’ ‘I can categorically say that I have never had an inappropriate relationship with anyone under the age of 18,’ he previously added of the 2020 allegations. ‘I am aware of attempts by anonymous sources to make fabricated allegations online. I can confirm that such allegations are false and without any foundation.’ Westwood joined BBC Radio 1 in 1994, hosting the UK’s first national rap show, and also helmed the weekday drivetime show for 1Xtra for three years, before being replaced by Charlie Sloth in 2012. He eventually left the BBC in 2013, after a career spanning 20 years, making the move to Capital FM’s sister station, Capital Xtra – but quit the position in April. As well as this, he famously presented Pimp My Ride UK on MTV, which spanned three seasons from 2005 – 2007. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Tim Westwood for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Laura Whitmore tries to crack Love Island jokes with Stranger Things star Jamie Campbell Bower MORE : Madonna claims she ‘paved the road’ after nearly being arrested 3 times during Blonde Ambition tour 