Victoria Beckham has lamented how boring her husband David made her sound after he recently spoke about his beloved’s strict diet. Yes, the Spice Girls star responded to David’s musings on her diet, after the former footballer said his wife had ‘eaten the same meal for 25 years’ while chatting on a podcast. In February David reflected on his own love of cuisine, stating: ‘I get quite emotional about food and wine, when I’m eating something great I want everyone to try it.’ But he couldn’t say the same for his wife of 23 years, Victoria. ‘Unfortunately I’m married to someone that has eaten the same thing for the last 25 years,’ the 47-year-old added on the River Cafe Table 4 podcast. ‘Since I met Victoria, she only eats grilled fish, steamed vegetables, she will very rarely deviate away from there.’ David added: ‘The only time she’s probably ever shared something that’s been on my plate was actually when she was pregnant with Harper and it was the most amazing thing. It was one of my favourite evenings. I can’t remember what it was but I know she’s not eaten it since.’ Well, turns out, Victoria wasn’t the biggest fan of David’s foodie revelation and insisted she doesn’t eat that exact meal day in, day out. ‘I mean, talk about making me sound boring!’ she told Vogue Australia. ‘No. What he meant is that he’s never met anyone who’s more disciplined with the way that they eat. I eat lots of healthy fat: fish, avocado, nuts, that sort of thing.’ Explaining she works out, takes skin supplements, drinks apple cider vinegar first thing in the morning, and puts collagen peptide powder in her coffee, Victoria went on: ‘I do drink alcohol, unless I have a reason not to. I’ll detox from anything for three to six months where I won’t drink. I’m quite extreme in anything I do, whether it’s eating or working out or drinking or not drinking.’ While Victoria may object to how her husband made her food choices sound, she did previously reveal her favourite meal – and conceded it did sound a tad dull. Victoria, 48, made the comment during an appearance on the same River Café’s Table 4 podcast, where she told host Ruth Rogers: ‘This is where I sound even more boring in the food department. ‘I like whole grain toast with salt on it. It’s that carby thing, isn’t it? It’s that carbohydrate that makes you feel comforted and I love salt. ‘I’m a savoury person as opposed to a sweet person.’ Hey, you do you, Posh. MORE : Look back at David and Victoria Beckham’s epic £750,000 wedding with tiaras and star-studded guest list MORE : Victoria Beckham’s daughter Harper, 10, says Spice Girls fashion was ‘unacceptable’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.