A mum who ‘lost complete control’ due to her binge drinking left her three-month-old baby with serious injuries in a pram outside Asda. Julija Priadina, 32, has been jailed for beating her child so badly she had more than 30 injuries on her body, including significant head trauma. She was caught when a security guard noticed her walking around the supermarket in Great Barr, Birmingham, drinking wine and saw her abandon the infant outside on April 25, 2020. He called the police and walked over to the baby, who was then able to be given medical treatment. Birmingham Crown Court heard that Priadina would disturb her entire flat block when boozing, resulting in a ‘catastrophic breakdown into alcohol abuse’. Neighbours told years of problems with the defendant, a Russian national who also worked for Jaguar Land Rover. She had lived in a flat in Perry Barr with her partner, the baby’s father, Shoja-ul-din Omrany who was acquitted of a single count of child cruelty. The 54-year-old denied wilfully neglecting the child by failing to seek medical attention and was found not guilty by a jury. Prosecutor Nina Ellin said: ‘Statements from neighbours about the two of them said there had been problems over the years particularly in relation to noise and arguments, shouting, screaming and banging around, describing wine bottles and cans thrown out of the window and into the garden. ‘One neighbour describes Priadina as a binge drinker. When she is not drunk she is shy and quiet but when drunk the whole block knows about it.’ Priadina had been at the flat alone when she had inflicted the injuries to the baby, which experts concluded had been caused by a combination of shaking and impact. A blood sample when she was arrested revealed she had consumed so much alcohol she would have been approximately three and half times over the drink-drive limit. She was sentenced in January this year but the case can only be told in full now following Mr Omrany’s acquittal. Antonie Muller, defending Priadina, said: ‘Sober, one would have thought there’s no problem here. She clearly had a catastrophic breakdown into alcohol abuse when she couldn’t possibly care for her baby and no doubt was susceptible to reacting to her baby crying.’ He stated she suffered bereavement and grief issues following the loss of her parents as well as her young son in Lithuania to sudden infant death syndrome. Mr Muller added: ‘It must have been horrendous and now she has got to live with the fact she’s done this. It is quite a catalogue. ‘She moved across the world to the UK no doubt wanting a better life. When she got here things didn’t turn out to be as rosy as she thought. She doesn’t blame the co-accused (since acquitted Mr Omrany). He could have been more supportive. She had no support with the child. ‘Whatever her bereavement or grief problem was, it festered. Nobody was there to stop what was coming and she wasn’t able to deal with it. That’s why we are here. She had this alcohol crutch. She struggled as a new mum. The early days of Covid made that much worse.’ Judge Roderick Henderson, passing sentence, said: ‘This was arguably a life-threatening injury and the truth of this is this was a disastrous period of a few days where an otherwise good mother lost complete control because you had a very serious drink problem at the time.’ Priadina, of Ladywood, pleaded guilty to child cruelty and wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and was jailed for three years. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.