Stacey Solomon has shared details of her wedding to Joe Swash, revealing that a large part was dedicated to their loved ones who are no longer here. The Loose Women star tied the knot in a gorgeous ceremony at the Essex home she shares with her now husband, which they dub ‘Pickle Cottage’. After reports emerged that the pair enjoyed a romantic first dance to Whitney Houston’s My Love Is Your Love after saying their vows, Stacey has since revealed how they took the time to remember Joe’s late father and her late grandad. Taking to Instagram following her nuptials, she shared a number of stunning photos from the occasion, including snaps of her dress. Alongside them, Stacey penned: ‘The most special day that we didn’t ever want to end. We love you all & the special community we’ve built on here so so much and couldn’t wait to share these moments with you.‘Joe lost his father at the age of 11 and so did my dad. A huge part of our wedding day was reflecting on how this had a huge effect on them and how hard it is, even to this day to deal with.’ Stacey posted a number of adorable photos of herself and Joe, including one snap of her in hysterics while stood at the altar. Another showed the pair embracing underneath in a field of wheat. During the wedding, James Argent reportedly did the honours of serenading the couple and their guests at the reception, where a DJ also entertained the party with classic garage songs. Guests included former Towie star Ricky Rayment and Stacey’s fellow Loose Women panelist Linda Robson. Their special day was initially postponed due to the pandemic and later after Stacey became pregnant with daughter Rose, as the parents wanted all their kids to be there to see them walk down the aisle. A source previously told MailOnline of the beautiful day: ‘It was also important to Stacey for her day to uphold her strong Jewish values, as well as be a modern and fun day for everyone. ‘They had always wanted their wedding to be just for them, at their home, and keeping their celebrations intimate did not disappoint.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 