Love Island viewers are promising to ‘riot’ if fan-favourites Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti are voted out the villa just hours before the final. Tonight’s episode saw all the couples vote for the Italian Stallion and Turkish soap star, claiming they’re the least compatible. All the islanders were forced to nominate the two couples they thought were least compatible and submit their secret votes over text, with Ekin-Su and Davide leading the way with four votes Meanwhile, Gemma Owen and Luca Bish also at risk of dumping after receiving three votes, Paige Thorne and Adam Collard got two votes, and Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Plage got one. The only pairing who didn’t receive any votes were Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope, meaning their place in the Majorcan villa is safe. Now, it’s up to the public to decide who is getting booted before the 2022 series finale on Monday, and Team Ekinde are rallying behind their favourite stars. ‘If Davide and Ekin go home I’ll riot,’ one viewer penned, while another wrote: ‘Nahhhh I’m fuming the other islanders voted for Ekin and davide because they’re bloody threatened by them.’ Someone else commented: ‘Obsessed with me scrolling through the love island hashtag and seeing everyone vote ekin su and davide I can sleep well tonight knowing my favs are safe.’ Team Ekinde were in tears last night watching the pair on their emotional final date, where Davide said those three little words that we were all waiting to hear. On their romantic final date, which saw a musical performance from Alfie Boe, the pair shared tears, kisses and emotional words after the highly-anticipated moment was finally reached. The pair, who have had their fair share of drama across the series, are favourites to win this year, after constantly being drawn back towards each other after explosive rows. Their rollercoaster relationship reached a high a few days ago, after the Italian Stallion gave the Turkish soap star a romantic gesture in the form of a tiramisu, and last night, seemed to intensify even further after fans spotted them getting ‘freaky’ under the sheets. ‘I feel like I found the genuine connection I was looking for, I feel like it’s the right moment to tell you that I genuinely love you,’ he said. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVHub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Davide Sanclimenti voted ‘least compatible’ by fellow Islanders with Gemma Owen and Luca Bish also at risk of dumping MORE : Love Island viewers cringe as Gemma Owen ‘friendzones’ Luca Bish in ‘awkward’ final date 