Ben Affleck should probably jet off on his relaxing honeymoon sharpish as the actor looked a little tired while spotted for the first time since marrying Jennifer Lopez in Las Vegas. It’s been around 24 hours since news broke that Batman actor Ben, 49, had secretly tied the knot with Marry Me actress Jennifer, 52, in Sin City on Saturday, just three months after they got engaged and, honestly, we’re still recovering from the surprise of it all. So too, it seems, is the groom himself as he was seen looking rather knackered while getting back to business in Los Angeles after the exciting weekend. The Pearl Harbour star was pictured on Monday sitting in his car at traffic lights after reportedly visiting his ex-wife Jennifer Garner’s home, no doubt to see their three children, Violet, 16, Seraphina, 13, and Samuel, 10. While caught up in the traffic, Ben was seen cracking a yawn because the whirlwind of eloping in Vegas is obviously tiring work. He appeared to be alone with his bride, sorry, the new Mrs Affleck, nowhere to be seen. It was first reported that Jennifer and Ben, affectionately dubbed Bennifer, had obtained a marriage licence in Clark County, Nevada on Saturday. Jennifer then confirmed they had tied the knot making them officially husband and wife, sharing photos and videos in a blog post on her website. The Love Don’t Cost A Thing singer told fans: ‘We did it. Love is beautiful. Love is kind. And it turns out love is patient. Twenty years patient. ‘Exactly what we wanted. Last night we flew to Vegas, stood in line for a licence with four other couples, all making the same journey to the wedding capital of the world. Behind us two men held hands and held each other. ‘In front of us, a young couple who made the three hour drive from Victorville on their daughter’s second birthday—all of us wanting the same thing— for the world to recognise us as partners and to declare our love to the world through the ancient and nearly universal symbol of marriage.’ She continued: ‘They were right when they said, “all you need is love”. We are so grateful to have that in abundance, a new wonderful family of five amazing children and a life that we have never had more reason to look forward to. ‘Stick around long enough and maybe you’ll find the best moment of your life in a drive through in Las Vegas at twelve thirty in the morning in the tunnel of love drive through, with your kids and the one you’ll spend forever with. Love is a great thing, maybe the best of things-and worth waiting for.’ It’s believed the couple are planning a bigger celebration at a later date so their friends and family can attend. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez did her own make-up for wedding to Ben Affleck and we want a tutorial MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck’s relationship timeline after stars get married in Las Vegas 