A body has been found after police were called to reports of someone ‘getting into difficulty’ in the water at Salford Quays. Emergency services and specialist search teams were scrambled to the quays near Media City shortly after 6pm on Saturday. Around four hours later, Greater Manchester Police said a body had been located, though not yet recovered from the water. It came after firefighters helped a young person struggling in the water there in a separate incident earlier in the day. A statement from GMP said: ‘We’ve sadly located a body in the water at Salford Quays after a report was made to us earlier this evening of a person getting into difficulty in the water. ‘While formal ID has not yet taken place, we believe it is the person emergency services have been searching for. ‘Their family has been kept updated by our officers and are being supported at this extremely distressing time. ‘A cordon remains in place.’ Earlier this week, a 24-year-old woman died after a number of paddleboarders got into difficulty in the water off Conwy Morfa beach in North Wales. Emma Louise Powell, from Llandudno, was one of two people taken by ambulance to Ysbyty Gwynedd. She died in hospital on Thursday. A 16-year-old also died after getting into difficulties in a canal in West Yorkshire. Alfie McCraw, from Wakefield, went missing in the water on Tuesday. Police, paramedics and fire crews went to the scene and his body was recovered following a search. It prompted emergency services to issue a warning about the dangers of swimming in hot weather. Superintendent Nick Smart said: ‘We are working with the Canal & River Trust to deliver some inputs into schools before they break up for the holidays to warn of the dangers of open water swimming, but we need everyone to help us in spreading this message. ‘The weather is forecast to get even hotter over the weekend and into next week, but we would urge people to not be tempted to cool off in open water, unless it is a supervised area intended for swimming. ‘Even in the summer months, open water can be very cold. ‘Anyone entering cold water suddenly is susceptible to hyperventilation, which can result in the body going into seizure. ‘There can also be hidden currents and unseen dangers such as mud banks or items under the water which a swimmer can become caught on.’ District Station Commander Jimmy Fitt, of West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service, added: ‘Our advice is to not go into any area of water that isn’t supervised – as the pull of water, cold water shock and hidden dangers can mean even strong swimmers get into difficulty. ‘We need people of all ages to be aware of the risks – we know when it’s warm it’s tempting to get into the water, but you must only do it in safe designated areas or the consequences can be fatal.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.