Rebekah Vardy has lost her explosive High Court libel battle, dubbed Wagatha Christie, against Coleen Rooney. After a highly-publicised libel trial in May, which saw both Rebekah Vardy, 40, and Coleen Rooney, 36, attend the Royal Courts of Justice in London, joined by their husbands Jaime Vardy, 35, and Wayne Rooney, 36, judge Mrs Justice Steyn has published her ruling. The legal battle between the pair came after Rooney accused Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life in October 2019 following a months-long ‘sting operation’ which saw Rooney dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie’. Vardy vehemently denied the claims and sued for libel. In her ruling, Justice Steyn said it was ‘likely’ that Vardy’s agent at the time, Caroline Watt, ‘undertook the direct act’ of passing the information to The Sun. But she added: ‘Nonetheless, the evidence … clearly shows, in my view, that Mrs Vardy knew of and condoned this behaviour, actively engaging in it by directing Ms Watt to the private Instagram account, sending her screenshots of Mrs Rooney’s posts, drawing attention to items of potential interest to the press, and answering additional queries raised by the press via Ms Watt.’ The judge said: ‘In my judgment, the conclusions that I have reached as to the extent to which the claimant engaged in disclosing to The Sun information to which she only had access as a permitted follower of an Instagram account which she knew, and Mrs Rooney repeatedly asserted, was private, suffice to show the single meaning is substantially true.’ Responding to the verdict today, Rooney celebrated the result, saying: ‘Naturally, I am pleased that the judge has found in my favour with her judgment today. ‘It was not a case I ever sought or wanted. I never believed it should have gone to court at such expense in times of hardship for so many people when the money could have been far better spent helping others.’ Rooney said that before and after she shared the social media posts in October 2019 accusing Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ to the media, she ‘made every effort to avoid the need for such a drawn out and public court case’, efforts which she claimed were ‘knocked back’ by Vardy. This left me with no alternative but to go through with the case to defend myself and to end the repeated leaking of my private information to The Sun,’ she stated. She continued: ‘These leaks from my private Instagram account began in 2017. They continued for almost two years, intruding on my privacy and that of my family. Although I bear Mrs Vardy no ill-will, today’s judgment makes clear that I was right in what I said in my posts of October 2019. ‘Finally, I would like to thank all of my legal team, my family, friends and everyone who supported me, including the public, through this difficult and stressful time.’ Vardy later released her own statement, saying that she is ‘extremely sad and disappointed’ following the verdict. ‘It is not the result that I had expected, nor believe was just. I brought this action to vindicate my reputation and am devastated by the judge’s finding.’ She added: ‘The judge accepted that publication of Coleen’s post was not in the “public interest” and she also rejected her claim that I was the “Secret Wag”. But as for the rest of her judgement, she got it wrong and this is something I cannot accept.’ Vardy issued a plea to those who have subjected her to abuse to stop, and indicated she does not intend to appeal against the ruling, saying ‘the case is over’. She continued: ‘As I explained in my evidence I, my family, and even my unborn baby, were subjected to disgusting messages and vile abuse following Coleen’s Post and these have continued even during the course of the trial. ‘Please can the people who have been abusing me and my family now stop. The case is over.’ The battle centred on the now infamous line Rooney used in October 2019 to reveal the account allegedly responsible for the leaks: ‘I have saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them. ‘It’s ………. Rebekah Vardy’s account.’ Vardy, 40, vehemently denied leaking stories to the press and sued the fellow footballer’s wife for libel, but Coleen defended the claim arguing that her post was ‘substantially true’. Over seven days in courtroom number 13, the two footballers’ wives each gave evidence as revelations from the case made daily headlines across the British press. Justice Steyn found that Vardy’s evidence in the trial was ‘manifestly inconsistent’ with other evidence on ‘many occasions’. In her judgment, she said: ‘It was evident that Mrs Vardy found the process of giving evidence stressful and, at times, distressing. I bear in mind when assessing her evidence the degree of stress she was naturally feeling, given the high-profile nature of the trial, the abuse that she has suffered since the reveal post was published, and the length of time she was in the witness box.’ The judge added: ‘Nevertheless, I find that it is, unfortunately, necessary to treat Mrs Vardy’s evidence with very considerable caution. ‘There were many occasions when her evidence was manifestly inconsistent with the contemporaneous documentary evidence, e.g. in relation to the World Cup 2018 and the photoshopped pictures, and others where she was evasive.’ Justice Steyn continued: ‘Mrs Vardy was generally unwilling to make factual concessions, however implausible her evidence. ‘This inevitably affects my overall view of her credibility, although I have borne in mind that untruthful evidence may be given to mask guilt or to fortify innocence.’ During the trial the court was shown screenshots from Rooney’s private Instagram revealing the fake stories she had planted, such as her allegedly travelling to Mexico for a ‘gender selection’ procedure, as well as planning to return to TV, and the basement flooding at the Rooney family home. Rooney’s barrister David Sherborne argued that Vardy had a ‘habitual and established practice’ of leaking information about those she knew – through her friend and former agent Caroline Watt – to The Sun newspaper. Discussing Rooney’s viral ‘reveal’ post, her barrister added: ‘It is what she believed at the time… and it is what she believes even more so now that we have got to the end of the case.’ However, Hugh Tomlinson QC, for Vardy, argued Rooney had ‘failed to produce any evidence’ that Vardy had ‘regularly and frequently abused her status as a trusted follower’ of her private Instagram account by passing on information from it to The Sun. Mr Tomlinson said the libel battle was a ‘very simple case’ when ‘one clears away the conspiracy theories’. He added: ‘Mrs Vardy’s case is and always has been that she did not leak the information nor did she authorise anyone else to leak. ‘She does not know to this day what happened,’ Mr Tomlinson said, adding: ‘She does not know where this information came from.’ The barrister added that Vardy suffered ‘very serious harm to her reputation’ as a result of Rooney’s post. In her ruling today, Justice Steyn said there was ‘a degree of self-deception’ on Vardy’s part about her role in disclosing information. Discussing the information that was shared from Rooney’s private Instagram account, Justice Steyn added: ‘The information disclosed was not deeply confidential, and it can fairly be described as trivial, but it does not need to be confidential or important to meet the sting of the libel. ‘It was information derived from private posts that Mrs Rooney did not want made public. ‘The Pyjamas Post, for example, was a photograph that Mrs Rooney may well have been content to share publicly at a different point in time, but the timing of its disclosure revealed very personal information that she had chosen not to make public.’ The judge added that while two of the stories posted by Rooney were fabricated, ‘this does not detract from the conclusion that the essential sting of the libel has been shown to be true’. In her ruling, Justice Steyn said that Vardy chose not to call her agent Caroline Watt to give evidence partly because she knew her evidence ‘would be shown to be untrue’. The judge said: ‘I accept that her health has been adversely affected by these proceedings. In part, no doubt, that is because she is not someone who has previously been, or ever sought to be, in the public eye, and being a key witness in a trial of this nature would have been uncomfortable even if she had nothing to hide. ‘However, I am compelled to the conclusion that the primary reason Ms Watt was so very reluctant to give evidence, and has suffered adversely from the pressure to do so, was that she knew that to a large extent the evidence in her statements was untrue. ‘In my view, the claimant’s decision not to seek to call Ms Watt, against her will, was motivated, to a substantial degree, by concern for her friend’s welfare. ‘But in the circumstances, I also draw the inference that Mrs Vardy chose not to call Ms Watt because she knew that when tested in cross-examination her evidence would be shown to be untrue, and that it would have been highly likely to have undermined the claimant’s case that she had no involvement in disclosing information from the private Instagram account.’ Defending his client’s sting operation, Rooney’s barrister Mr Sherbourne said during the trial: ‘It is what she believed at the time… and it is what she believes even more so now that we have got to the end of the case.’ In one of the more shocking reveals during the trial, I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here star Vardy was pressed about a former interview she gave to the News of the World about her alleged sexual encounter with Peter Andre, and in which she compared his penis to a chipolata. The barrister read excerpts from the article, in which it was claimed Andre – who went on to address the controversy in an Instagam video in the days following – had managed ‘just five minutes of sex with Vardy’ and in which Vardy said he had ‘the smallest trouser equipment I’ve ever seen’ that was like a ‘miniature chipolata’. Explaining why she did the interview, Vardy told the court: ‘I was forced into a situation by my ex-husband to do this. ‘It is something that I deeply regret… It is not nice to read and I understand why this is being used and to me this is mudslinging and I was also threatened with mudslinging by Mrs Rooney’s team.’ Because the trial wasn’t enough, the Wagatha Christie action will unfold on the small screen after it was recently announced that the drama will be turned into a TV series, which is sure to give Footballers Wives a run for its money. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.