Tributes have been paid to a ‘beautiful’ and ‘cheeky’ 11-year-old boy who lost his life in a freak beach incident. Zac Thompson, from Pembroke Dock, Pembrokeshire, was playing with his older brother and cousin at the beach at nearby West Angle Bay. According to local reports, the youngsters were swept into sea on Friday evening. His brother and cousin swam to the shore but Zac had to be rescued by a member of the public. Dyfed-Powys Police said the youngster was airlifted from the beach but could not be saved and was later pronounced dead in the hospital. In a tribute on Facebook, Pembroke Dock Community School said Zac had a ‘huge zest for life’ and ‘was a popular and much-loved character’. ‘He excelled academically, in particular in maths, who loved to solve complex mental maths challenges – keeping staff on their toes,’ it said. The school said the year six pupil was also a talented sportsman due to start secondary school in September. Pembrokeshire Primary Schools Cricket Finals held a minute’s applause in memory of the boy who would have been playing at the finals today. Pictures of Zac shared online also show him in a sport’s uniform and another of him dressed as his mum for superhero day at school. ‘Zac recently played exceptionally well in cricket, helping the school get through to the area finals, which are due to be played this week,’ the school added. ‘He had a cheeky smile, was funny and was looking forward to his final weeks in primary school, the summer holidays and all the opportunities that were open to him as he moved on to secondary school. ‘Zac had a huge zest for life. One sweet memory of him was when he was in year three and it was Superhero Day. ‘Zac came to school dressed as his favourite superhero – his mum. Zac said, “Not all superheroes wear capes”. ‘This is a dreadfully sad time for his family, and our love, thoughts and prayers are with both his family and his wide circle of friends, who will miss his big character and mischievous nature.’ An inquest is expected to be opened following last week’s tragedy. A JustGiving page was set up by the community of Pembroke Dock to support his devastated family. More than £12,700 have been donated over the weekend by some 460 kind-hearted people. A post on the page said: ‘As a community we are shocked and saddened to learn of the sudden and tragic passing of 11-year-old Zac Thompson yesterday. ‘Zac was a beautiful, cheeky, sports mad, incredible kid whose eyes and smile would light up any room. Everyone has a photo or a story to tell of this darling boy.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.