No, you are not mistaken, MasterChef has not switched over to ITV2 and Ekin-Su Cülcüloğlu and Nathalia Campos are not contestants. But yes, it would’ve been a fair assumption to make after the pair went to war in the kitchen – with the affection of Davide Sanclimenti as their prize. Ekin-Su and Nathalia exchanged stern words the previous night, with the Turkish actress raging at the bombshell’s pursuit of her Itallian stallion. ‘Have you got an issue with me?’, Ekin asked the Brazilian, with Nathalia responding: ‘It seems like you’ve got an issue with yourself.’ Walking away, the bombshell branded her ‘Ekin-Who?’, leaving the boys in stitches. To settle the score and extinguish their row, the girls agreed to a cooking competition the next morning, since Ekin told Nathalia that ‘the best way to end an argument is by cooking’. So, they each made Davide pancakes before he judged which was best, with his ‘only requirement’ being that they needed to include bananas. Davide sat away from the kitchen so he didn’t see who was cooking what, before returning with a blindfold for a taste test. Fans were absolutely living for the chaos in the kitchen, which involved Gemma Owen helping Ekin stay hydrated by holding her water bottle, and Luca Bish refereeing like it was a boxing match. It was drama from beginning to end, with the girls making jibes at each other, like when Nathalia asked the other girls not to help Ekin out, to which she replied: ‘I don’t need help, babe’. Nathalia proceeded to blow Ekin a sarcastic kiss, with the self-proclaimed Turkish Delight putting her middle finger up in response – savage. Sadly, Davide found that Nathalia’s bananas were ‘burnt’, and ruled that Ekin-Su’s pancakes were superior, much to her delight. ‘Oh, the winner was me? Thanks, guys, no, no autographs, thank you’, she later joked in the beach hut. Many found the segment hysterical, calling for Ekin to be a contestant on the next series of Celebrity MasterChef. Others, though, were left baffled and asked ‘what is going on?’ as they turned on their TV to see the girls embroiled in a tense pancake showdown. ‘What is going on with Love Island this year?’, one viewer asked. However, another was quick to defend the entertaining challenge, tweeting: ‘I don’t get why people have a problem with the cook off. It was so fun and completely made light of Nathalia and Ekin su’s argument. They laughed it off and are friendly now.’ Nathalia has been persistent in her flirting with Davide, making it clear from the off that she wanted to make his head turn. She was also interested in Adam Collard, before he made it known that he and Paige Throne were exclusive and he was totally closed off, just a week after entering the villa. However, in the dramatic recoupling, Nathalia was paired with fellow new bombshell Reece Ford, while Ekin-Su and Davide remained the old married couple we know and love them as. Love Island continues tomorrow night at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Indiyah Polack and Dami Hope go official after steamy night in the hideaway: ‘You’re my boyfriend’ MORE : Helen Skelton confirmed as Laura Whitmore’s replacement on BBC Radio 5 Live after Love Island host’s exit 