A hotel that was formerly a castle has gone on sale for £2.5 million. Dornoch Castle, Sutherland, was last used as a main residence in 1947. Located in the Scottish Highlands, the 22-bedroom grade-B listed castle is certainly a sight for sore eyes. The 15th century castle has been in its current owners’ hands for the past 22 years and, in this time, all of its original features have been retained and restored, including a five-storey turreted tower, exposed stone walls and wooden beams. And thanks to its use as a hotel, the castle, which sellers say would make an ‘incredible family home,’ has loads of fun features, such as a restaurant, a whiskey bar with a range of rare and premium Malts from all over the globe, and a distillery which produces whiskey and gin. It even has a vaulted cellar, which has been turned into a private dining room. Surrounded by lush greenery, a 13th century cathedral and the Royal Dornoch golf course, the location is difficult to pass up. Plus, there is potential to add an extra 10 bedrooms for buyers looking to get into the hotel business. Owner David Britton said: ‘It’s one of a kind. ‘It’s stunning and a real privilege to get the opportunity to sell such a historic building. ‘It’s an outstanding property that the owners class as a cosy castle and after a short stay I then understood exactly what they meant. ‘I am very confident that we can find a buyer that will love this piece of history in the same way that the current owners have for the last 22 years. ‘However, we would like to add that the current use as a hotel is wonderful and, with consent for a further 10 bedrooms, could expand an already very healthy turnover. ‘But as the castle was a private residence until 1947 it should also be considered as having residential potential in a stunning highlands location.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Want to buy a property on the Elizabeth line? Why not try Reading MORE : Grand Designs lighthouse from ‘saddest ever episode’ finally hits the market for £10million – and it’s actually incredible MORE : A house that was formerly a school gym is up for sale – complete with a ‘basketball court kitchen’