Love Island fans were left disgusted after spotting what appeared to be a dodgy stain on the back of Jacques O’Neill’s underwear on Wednesday’s episode. As well as criticising his treatment of Paige Thorne while she was in Casa Amor and he was hooking up with two new bombshells, fans were also deeply unimpressed with the state of his pants. On Wednesday’s episode, Jacques was seen getting ready to get into bed with Cheyenne Kerr, wearing a grey vest and matching boxer shorts. However, when he leaned forward to remove some of the cushions from the bed, viewers were convinced they could see a brown stain between his cheeks. Fans took to Twitter to share their horror at the apparent skidmarks, writing: ‘Didn’t know I could feel any more disgust towards Jaques, but here we are!’ Others added: ‘This episode just proved how gross jacques is. And that smear was the cherry on top LOL’, ‘no way is Jacques’ skid mark all over my TL i refuse—‘ and ‘Jacques has shown his true colours in the villa. That colour being brown.’ Others joked: ‘The producers left Jacques’ poo-stained boxers in the final edit because they too are fed up of how awfulllll he is’ and ‘One thing I’ve learned from tonight’s episode of love island is that Jacques doesn’t wipe…’ Viewers had also complained to Ofcom about the way Jacques treated Paige by disrespecting her in the villa, while she was left in tears in Casa Amor worrying what he might be up to. The media watchdog confirmed 69 fans of the ITV2 show had contacted them with concerns over Jacques’ treatment of Paige, who he branded ‘pathetic’ in the scene which aired on Tuesday June, 28. Love Island airs weekdays from 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ben Shephard jokingly compares Susanna Reid to Love Island’s Jacques O’Neill after Casa Amor drama: ‘You’ve been trying out different men for months’ MORE : Love Island viewers call out Jacques O’Neill’s ‘disgusting’ behaviour after Mollie Salmon and Cheyanne Kerr drama 