A woman who is often mistaken as her husband’s daughter wants to break the stigma on age-gap relationships. Hannah Van Noort is 33 years younger than her husband, 61-year-old Shaun Murray. The 28-year-old nurse, who moved to the UK from Amsterdam to be with Shaun, says people assume that he is her sugar daddy, but ‘his age doesn’t come into the equation’. She said: ‘It is very easy to see an age gap relationship as a transactional, in my case, some assume immigration or intimacy in return for financial gain. ‘It can be hard for people to understand we don’t need each other to gain something but we genuinely want each other. ‘We are two consenting adults who care for each other deeply and that is all that matters.’ The couple has been hit with harsh assumptions over the years, but have learnt to shrug it off. Hannah said: ‘People often mistake us for father and daughter but we don’t mind. Sometimes we play along with it or just simply correct them. ‘I don’t let the harsh assumptions bother me anymore as we don’t need validation from strangers. ‘We know that our love is real and that is all that matters.’ The pair first started chatting on the internet and connected over their love of 70s and 80s music Hannah, who is also a singer, initially contacted Shaun on YouTube. She added: ‘I was very impressed by his Queen – We Are The Champions guitar cover. ‘I complimented his talent, and we began chatting about our love for 70s and 80s music.’ They kept in contact for the next year, while Hannah was studying at university in the Netherlands. Then, after her 23rd birthday, she suggested they meet up while she was in the UK to visit some friends. The pair finally met in real life in 2016 – and Hannah was instantly smitten with the grandad-of-two. Shaun initially didn’t want to take the relationship beyond platonic friendship due to their age gap, but Hannah was ‘instantly attracted’. She added: ‘I told him I like him, and it snowballed from there. ‘We kept it a secret for a good few months as we wanted to see where it was going without too much pressure.’ This was new to both of them: Hannah had never dated an older man before and Shaun had never been with a younger woman. There were a few obstacles to overcome, such as the age gap and the distance, but they couldn’t deny their connection as their feelings kept growing. In 2018, Hannah moved to the UK. Six years later and the pair are still together, happily married in their home in Maidstone, Kent. They married on June 21, 2022, with both of their families’ approval. Hannah said: ‘Once our families saw us together, they couldn’t conclude anything other than we are genuinely in love. ‘Our families approve and that is all that matters, we don’t care about strangers’ opinions.’ Being with an older man has been a ‘beautiful thing’ for Hannah. She continues: ‘In previous relationships, partners have taught me to love them, but Shaun has taught me to love myself. ‘Personally, I find guys my age full of testosterone and can be insecure about their masculinity. ‘They want to show that they are a man which often comes across as arrogant.’ Her marriage couldn’t be any different to this. ‘Being with Shaun is a drama-free life,’ she added. ‘We have a calm and centred, stable but passionate relationship.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Couple with 37-year age gap reveal they are spending £120,000 on a surrogate MORE : LGBT couple who adopted three children with disabilities urges others to do same MORE : Couple engaged for 30 years plan to finally marry in Vegas after winning £90,000