Becky Hill has revealed who she wants to win this season of Love Island after getting to spend some time in the villa. The musician – who on Sunday will perform alongside Stefflon Don and Ultra Naté at the Women’s Euros final show presented by Pepsi MAX in Wembley – recently belted out some tunes for the islanders as she descended on the iconic villa. With the series almost at its end, and two couples in danger of being dumped on the next episode, Becky is confident about who she thinks should clinch the £50,000 prize. ‘I’d love to see Dami [Hope] and Indiyah [Polack] win,’ she told Metro.co.uk. ‘I think it’s about time that we have people of colour win Love Island. ‘I think they’ve been a really good, classy couple to watch – more on Indiyah’s side, though.’ To prevent Covid spreading in the Love Island villa, each of the islanders are in their own ‘bubble’, meaning Becky, disappointingly, didn’t get to spend face-to-face time with the contestants. But, she revealed, during her performance she mouthed her support to Indiyah telling her she wanted her to win the series outright. ‘But whether that got across I don’t know,’ she laughed. ‘I managed to say a couple of things to a couple of people but it wasn’t as interactive as I wish it could have been,’ she admitted. ‘But them’s the rules!’ Recalling the moment she stepped into the villa, Becky – who is doing a residency at Ibiza Rocks – said it was ‘surreal’ to be there after being a fan for ‘so long’. ‘I ran around the garden, picking up weights, I was in the kitchen, sitting by the fire pit and making up gossip about people!’ With a new song with Joel Corry dropping this week, her new albumperforming well of the charts, a US tour coming up and three dates left at her Ibiza Rocks residency, Becky’s career is absolutely flying. And it all comes to a head on Sunday where she will perform to an audience of 90,000 at Wembley for the Women’s Euro football final between England and Germany. Becky, Stefflon and Ultra will be doing a special rendition of Ultra’s iconic dance track Free, which was released 25 years ago this year. The My Heart Goes singer says it is ‘beautiful’ to be sharing a stage with two ‘dance legends,’ but admits she’s ‘very nervous’. ‘I’m very nervous but very excited,’ she said. ‘It’s the opportunity of a lifetime, it’s a big dream come true for me. ‘This is very new for UK sports to have entertainment involved at the beginning of a match, it’s more of an American thing, but it’s actually quite nice to have music and sport together in this way. ‘I’m super super excited and I feel totally honoured to be apart of this historic women’s football final.’ Becky herself is ‘totally’ inspired by the Lionesses, and says in her opinion watching women’s football is ‘a lot better than watching men’s football.’ ‘I think for me, it’s been surprising that women’s football hasn’t been taken more seriously sooner. It’s the same game, it takes the same skill and it’s just a shame that women have had to prove themselves a lot more than men for the same game. ‘I’m really looking forward to it and I can’t wait. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Becky Hill as she performs at the Love Island villa? MORE : Princess Charlotte wishes Lionesses ‘good luck’ in adorable video with dad 