Henrik Stenson insists he feels as though he didn’t ‘give up’ on the privilege of being named Ryder Cup captain after he was sacked from the position following his controversial decision to join the LIV golf series. The 46-year-old Swede was stripped of his role as the European team’s skipper on earlier this month ‘in light of decisions made in relation to his personal circumstances’, and later announced he had decided to join the Saudi-backed breakaway tour as he expressed his regret at Ryder Cup Europe’s decision. Stenson released a lengthy statement ahead of the decision to relive him of his duties but spoke publicly for the first time on Thursday ahead of his LIV debut in the Bedminster pro-am. ‘I don’t feel like I’ve given it up,’ he said. ‘I made every arrangement possible here to be able to fulfil my captain’s duties, and I’ve had great help here from LIV to be able to do that. ‘And still, the decision was made that I was to be removed. I’m obviously disappointed over the situation. But it is what it is, and yeah, we move on from there now. ‘We had discussions and I informed them of the decision to go and play in LIV tournaments. ‘They had a short period of time where they were kind of discussing or debating if what was going to happen, and I was informed of their decision shortly after. ‘I just expect to be treated fairly going forward depending on what the outcomes are in this whole case, and that is yet to be seen what decisions are to be made and when we will be notified of anything like the boys are saying here, qualification and vice captaincies and all the rest. ‘So up until that point, we just wait for European Tour and Ryder Cup Europe to make those announcements. ‘I obviously feel like it’s a shame that we ended up in this situation, and I just hope that we can get a resolution as soon as possible here for all tours and everyone involved, and we can all kind of co-exist together. ‘Yeah, all the players love The Ryder Cup and Presidents Cup. Yeah, it’s just a shame we ended up in this situation. I hope for a quick solution.” Stenson also confirmed that his decision to join LIV was a financial one, adding: ‘I’d say I’ve been a golf professional since very late 1998, and purse sizes, prize money on offer, financial part’s always been a part of where we made up our schedules and where we are going to play ‘It’s been a part of it, absolutely. It was no different in this case.’ MORE : PGA Tour suspends rebel stars who joined Saudi-backed LIV Golf MORE : Bryson DeChambeau becomes latest star to join Saudi-backed LIV Golf series For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 