Love Island star Gemma Owen has called out Luca Bish’s behaviour after she licked Adam Collard during a challenge, branding him a ‘w*nker.’ Gemma, who is the daughter of footballing legend Michael Owen, and Luca’s relationship hit another stumbling block in scenes that aired on Tuesday night. This time around a Mile High-themed challenge, which sees the girls dress up as cabin crew and prep their chosen passenger for a private Mile High Club moment, is the source of all the drama. Working her way along the boys, who were strapped into airplane seats, Gemma, 19, licked Adam, before trying to flirt up a storm with her partner, Luca. However, Luca was less than impressed with her and pushed the international dressage rider away. Later in the episode, Gemma opened up to the girls about the incident, saying that Luca had been in a ‘mood’ all night and had ‘lost his head’. Wanting to resolve the tension, she approached Luca for a chat, telling him he had a ‘face like a slapped a**e.’ Revealing he ‘didn’t like what he saw’ and wasn’t in the ‘mood’ for a conversation, Luca then stormed off, ripping his mic off at the same time. Gemma spoke to the girls again about the chat, telling them that Luca was ‘acting like a w*nker.’ Talking about the dance-themed challenges, she continued: ‘I just like have to big myself up and he’s still being a pr*ck, do you know what I mean? I don’t need that.’ After night fell, Gemma made a second attempt at peace with Luca, who said ‘what guy is gonna like that?’, in reference to Gemma licking Adam. ‘Just f**k right off,’ she fumed. ‘It’s a f**king challenge.’ Sensing the excruciating tension, Luca asked Gemma: ‘Do you want to be with me?’ After a long pause, she replied: ‘Obviously’ before walking off into the villa. Fans were quick to jump to Gemma’s defense on Twitter, with one saying she ‘needs to dump that man.’ Another viewer wrote: ‘Very sad Gemma has wasted her whole Love Island experience on Luca.’ At the end of the episode it was revealed there would be a dumping tomorrow, although Luca and Gemma were not among the three least favourite couples. Danica Taylor and Jamie Allen, Adam Collard and Paige Thorne and Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack all found themselves in the bottom three. But will Luca and Gemma survive another day as a couple in the villa? Love Island continues tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Dami Hope and Indiyah Polack face being dumped from villa just days before final MORE : Love Island: All the best talent show moments – from Millie Court’s keyboard skills to Chris Hughes and Kem Cetinay’s iconic rap 