Baga Chipz shot to fame in the first series of RuPaul’s Drag Race UK where she killed us all with her uncanny Margaret Thatcher impression in snatch game. After finishing the BBC Three competition show in third place, our self-professed ‘queen of the battered sausage’ went on to appear in the first edition of RuPaul’s Drag Race: UK vs the World. More recently, Baga has been involved with Debt Free London’s new helpline for the LGBTQI+ community in support of Pride Month, helping callers deal with their debts. Today, she is taking on the role of Metro.co.uk’s very own LGBTQ+ Agony Aunt – and she’s got some solid advice. Dear Baga, I have recently come out to my family and friends. While I couldn’t have asked for a better response, I can’t help but feel a little bit lonely. Most of my immediate group of friends are straight and I do struggle to relate to them sometimes. How do I go about finding a group of LGBTQ+ friends? I need to find my tribe! I know you might feel lonely at the moment because you haven’t found your tribe, but believe me, get out and see the world and you’ll be a scene queen in months! I found my group of LGBTQ+ friends by asking a close straight friend if they would come out with me in Old Compton Street and Soho. The amount of friends I’ve made on these nights out, oh my God! Some of my best friends I’ve met in boozers, clubs, bars. You haven’t got to drink, you might not like alcohol, but this is where you can meet a lot of gay people. These are our venues and where we socialise, this is where you can meet other likeminded LGBTQ+ people. You can still have that relationship with your current friends, you can still go for dinners and be a good friend to them like they’ve been to you, but you’re right, you need likeminded people in your life. You need people who have the same experiences and people who’ve been through the same things as you. Basically, you want to meet your gays and your lesbians and your trans friends. Most gay guys I know go out with their girlfriends. This is how it starts. I used to go out with my girl mates and the more you go out, you meet people and then you become a familiar face. On a night out, you’d be surprised. People will just come up to you. Make conversation, befriend people, follow them on Instagram. You can even make friends online. I’ve got friends that I’ve never even met before. I just sent one of them a message saying I loved their wig. I would recommend hitting the town and getting online. And, if you’re still lonely, I’ll be your friend too! Debt Free London have launched their LGBTQIA+ bespoke community hotline: 0800 808 5664. For more information visit: https://debtfree.london/pride Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.  