Things could be looking up for Paige Thorne tonight as she’s set to have her first date with returning bombshell Adam Collard following Jacques O’Neill’s Love Island exit. Last night the rugby player, 23, made the tough decision to leave the hit dating show after tearfully admitting he hadn’t been feeling himself to paramedic Paige, 24. Although Paige felt guilty for continuing the experience without him, Jacques stressed that she shouldn’t ‘think about him’ when he was gone. and he’ll be waiting for her on the outside. In scenes set to air tonight, personal trainer Adam, 26, chooses three lucky ladies for a cute terrace date, and he decides to pick Paige, Danica Taylor and Summer Botwe. During their date, Paige cheekily asks Adam why she was saved until last. ‘Do you think the best first or best last..?’ he replies. As they continue chatting Paige stresses that she’s someone who appreciates ‘the little things.’ While we’ll have to wait and see whether there’s a strong connection between the two, during his debrief with the boys Adam describes one of the girls as ‘wifey’ material. Is it Paige he’s referring to? Or has his head turned for Summer or Danica? Following Jacques’ exit, fans have been putting in their two cents over who Paige will couple with next. Despite Billy feeling Jacques’ wrath last night, several believe there’s something strong between the pair. ‘Billy and Paige would be cute,’ one fan wrote, with another penning: ‘Billy and Paige… I’m kind of seeing the vision.’ Someone else urged Paige: ‘Go for Billy Paige! He seems so nice,’ while another fan wrote: ‘I could see Billy and Paige…’ Love Island continues tonight at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Michael Owen confirms he won’t reunite with daughter Gemma for Love Island’s Meet The Parents segment MORE : Dumped Love Island star confirms explosive unaired row with Coco Lodge over Andrew Le Page romance: ‘I was shouting’ 