Love Island’s favourite couple just keep on giving the content we crave, and fans are obsessing over yet another classic moment from Friday’s episode. The newest episode promised massive drama, with the annual Movie Night returning and threatening to divulge the islander’s Casa Amor secrets. And while the episode got off to a slow start, right at the end Movie Night absolutely delivered, with both Luca and Davide unhappy with what they saw. Firstly though, the Italian hunk was happy out with Ekin-Su as they cuddled up on the beanbags after their rollercoaster relationship finally settled somewhat. Fans were absolutely obsessed as Davide – who had earlier referred to Ekin-Su as the love of his life – warned that he still has to be ‘cautious’ about their relationship. ‘Trust is good, don’t trust is better,’ he said, to which Ekin-Su said ‘I don’t understand’ (fair enough). And Davide replied, grinning: ‘You will understand baby girl.’ The cheeky comment set social media alight, with fans obsessed with how far the couple have come since their infamous ‘liar, actress’ blow-up at the beginning of the series. ‘Davide you have my heart and soul,’ one fan gushed, while another said: ‘DAVIDE CALLING EKIN BABY GIRL HAS ME IN CHOKEHOLD.’ ‘Why is davide saying babygirl making me feel a certain way,’ another said, while another agreed: ‘If Davide said baby girl like that to me I would be gushing.’ But in classic Ekin-Su and Davide fashion, the cute moment wasn’t to last, with things taking a bit of a nosedive as Movie Night showed the Turkish soap star getting close with George in Casa Amor. The clip showed the pair in bed together, with Ekin-Su moving away before telling George they were ‘just friends.’ But it went on to show Ekin-Su and Geoge having a ‘private’ conversation where they appeared to acknowledge something had happened -because, as Ekin-Su said, they are ‘both attractive people’, after all. The mood quickly soured, with Davide turning to Ekin-Su and delivering once again the now-classic line: ‘Liar.’ It then showed Davide in the confessional, shaking his head and asking: ‘Why you lied again? ‘Why you, Ekin-Su, need to lie to me?’ Unfortunately for Love Island fans, Movie Night was cut short, with viewers having to wait until Sunday for the full fall-out – but as always, fans of the couple are rooting for them despite everything. (Or in some cases, just fighting for Ekin-Su.) ‘I honestly don’t care what Ekin has done. I want her to win with or without Davide,’ one person admitted. Another pointed out the difference between Davide’s reaction this time around compared to the iconic argument earlier in the series,writing: ‘Davide doesn’t seem that mad. Not as mad as he used to be.’ There’s also plenty more from Casa Amor to be revealed – and it might provide a hint as to why Davide was a bit more restrained this time around. As one viewer put it: ‘I’m confused about the attack on Ekin like didn’t Davide kiss multiple girls in Casa??’ Elsewhere on Friday’s action-packed episode, the islanders said goodbye to not one, but two people. Following a public vote, both Josh Samuel Le Grove and Coco Lodge were dumped from the villa after coming in the bottom. A dejected Josh admitted he ‘knew that was coming’ as his name was announced, while Coco assured the other girls that she was ‘okay’. Tasha, meanwhile, landed in the bottom three, and despite being saved from being sent home was in floods of tears after the elimination. She admitted that her confidence had been ‘knocked’ after being in the bottom three several times, but was later cheered up by the ever-agreeable Dami. Love Island continues on Sunday on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island’s Josh Samuel Le Grove and Coco Lodge dumped from villa after coming bottom of public vote MORE : Love Island producer sets record straight on rumours Jacques O’Neill was asked to leave show 