No one feels like exercising in the summer. There’s the heat to consider for one thing, but also the urge to join friends and family on holiday and put your feet up for a while. There’s absolutely nothing wrong with that, but if you do want to carry on exercising through the middle of the year, then these products will help you do so in ease and comfort. Check out our full range of picks below. Tackle dry eyes with Peep Club’s Soothing Summer Balm. The limited-edition pot has the key ingredient of blue tansy which is known to heal, soothe and calm the eye area and symptoms of dry eye syndrome. Buy it for £25 from Peep Club. Green People’s Fresh Mint and Aloe Vera Toothpaste with fluoride is 99% natural and comes in a 100% recyclable tube. After you’re done you can also recycle the tube through your usual council scheme. Buy it for £6.75 from Green People. Joe Wicks has created some healthy, vegetable-packed recipes for Gousto. Joe’s Feel Good Fuel range includes grain bowls, chipotle mac’n’cheese, tagine-style squash salad and chicken tikka roti wraps. Order now, delivery from July 16, from £26.07 (for a box of two recipes for two people) from Gousto. Tide+Seek has added three incredible prints to its swimwear line. Holo Daze, Cosmic Bolt and Gone Wild come in swimsuit, crop top or bikini styles and feature UPF 50+ alongside being chlorine and saltwater resistant. Buy for £95 from Tide+Seek. Pop a pair of sustainable Tropicfeel Water Friendly All-Terrain Sneakers in your suitcase and you can jump into any adventure on holiday. These aqua shoes are quick-drying but have technical outsoles for hiking. Buy from £71.20 from Tropic Feel. Slip this Forest Rhapsody Milk Cleanser into your skincare regime and allow the rice bran and colloidal oatmeal to help with inflammation, while the probiotics and lactic acid encourage cell renewal. Buy it for £44, from Forest Rhapsody. Fed up with sports bras that just squish you down? PeBe promises not to suppress breasts, instead supporting them through an inner layer of engineered loops which provide wraparound figure-of-eight support. Available for 30-36 bands and D-G cups. Buy it for £69 from PeBe. Self-care brand Hayo’u Method’s latest offering is a massage tool. The Body Drummer uses the ancient Chinese practice of Pai Sha (strike-flush) to enable you to release tension, support lymphatic drainage, stimulate acupressure points, clear stagnation and revive energy. Buy it for £38 from Hayo’u Method. Rugby legend Jonny Wilkinson has launched a range of 100% natural kombucha health shots and sparkling water kefirs. The No.1 Living drinks contain millions of live cultures, so if when you are looking to improve gut health,he’s got you covered. Buy from £1.79 a bottle from No. 1 Living. Yana Active goes above and beyond with sustainable activewear. A clever purification process means items can be infinitely recycled without losing quality and the strict pattern-cutting process eliminates waste during production. Check out the 2.0 Purple Haze collection. Buy from £30 from Yana Active. This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why it’s OK to take a break from fitness for your summer holiday MORE : Joe Wicks ‘released anger through fitness’ after father’s battle with heroin addiction: ‘I couldn’t deal with that’