Manchester United are reportedly interested in signing Bayern Munich wantaway Serge Gnabry, who could replace Cristiano Ronaldo after the star forward demanded to leave Old Trafford. On Saturday, it was reported that Ronaldo had informed United that he wanted to leave the club due to his desire to continue playing in the Champions League and had asked Erik ten Hag to sell him if an acceptable offer were made. While United are committed to keeping the 37-year-old at all costs, a potential replacement has already been found in the form of winger Gnabry who turned down a new deal with Bayern worth just over £200,000-a-week. As a result, the Bundesliga giants are ready to sell the 26-year-old before his contract expires next summer and, according to The Sun, United are interested in the former Arsenal player but could face competition from local rivals Manchester City. This summer, City have already sold Gabriel Jesus to Arsenal and look set to lose another forward with Raheem Sterling’s move to Chelsea getting closer, so Pep Guardiola may look to bring in a replacement, although he has already signed strikers Erling Haaland and Julian Alvarez. As such, Guardiola is said to be more focused on securing left-back Marc Cucurella from Brighton and completing the acquisition of Leeds’ defensive midfielder Kalvin Phillips. This could open the door for United to sign Gnabry who would add much needed depth to United’s front-line, which would look very toothless if Ronaldo did depart. Once considered an Arsenal flop, Gnabry has developed into an elite winger in recent years, scoring 64 and assisting 40 over the last four seasons, winning four league titles and the Champions League. Bayern would consider offers in the region of £35million for the German international, and the club are also one of the favourites to sign Ronaldo, alongside Roma, Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Sporting Lisbon. MORE : Manchester United suffer major blow as Cristiano Ronaldo asks to leave this summer MORE : Ajax set to reject Manchester United’s opening bid for Lisandro Martinez For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 