Gregory Itzin, who starred in popular TV shows including 24 and NCIS, has died at the age of 74. The news was confirmed by Jon Cassar, executive producer as well as a director on the hit series 24, as he wrote on Twitter: ‘My friend Greg Itzin passed away today. ‘He was one of the most talented actors I had the honor to work with, but more than that he was an all around great guy. ‘He’ll be missed by his 24 family who had nothing but love & respect for him. ‘You made your mark, now Rest In Peace friend.’ Fans may remember Itzin from his role on Friends, having played Theodore Hannigan, the father of Phoebe’s husband Mike (Paul Rudd). He made regular appearances on the series beside his on-screen wife Bitsy (Cristine Rose). One of his most well-known roles was as Charles Logan on 24, which earned him two Emmy nominations after his debut in season four. Logan was one of the show’s central villains, beginning as a treacherous Vice President before taking over as President in the fifth season. Itzin was also honoured as a part of season five’s SAG Award-nominated ensemble in the action thriller series, and remained in his role till the series ended in 2010. Elsewhere, Itzin was known for roles in the Star Trek series, having played five different characters across Star Trek: Enterprise, Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. He made his first Star Trek appearance in 1993, before returning for various appearances. Itzin also held recurring roles on NCIS, Murder One and The Mentalist, as well as appearing on The O.C., Beverly Hills 90210, CSI and Boston Legal. On the big screen, Itzin appeared in films including Steven Spielberg’s Lincoln, and performed on stage in Broadway performances including The Kentucky Cycle in 1993, for which he was Tony-nominated as best actor in a feature role in a play. Fans have shared their tributes on social media, with one writing: ‘I am so sad to hear about Mr. Itzin. He definitely delivered one of many spectacular performances on 24 & was 1 that you loved to hate. I loved his energy during the convention too…you could tell he enjoyed it & how genuine he was.’ Another penned: ‘Oh no sorry to hear this….he did such a great job as Charles Logan…a great villain you loved to hate.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Declan Donnelly’s brother Father Dermott dies aged 55 following serious illness MORE : James Gandolfini’s age when he started The Sopranos has spun everyone out: ‘A year younger than Jonah Hill?’ 