Wireless Festival goers were ‘forced to climb over fences to avoid being trampled’ according to reports from those attending, after police were called to help manage the large crowds ahead of Nicki Minaj’s performance. Dozens of officers were deployed near London’s Finsbury Park at around 3pm on Sunday after people tried to make their way past queues, in sweltering heat as temperatures rose to almost 30C. Footage on social media appeared to show people jumping over gates to make their way into the music event, with one person writing: ‘I’m genuinely starting to get worried for Nicki and people’s safety… more people keep piling up and it’s very hot out there.’ Another penned: ‘Having only the smallest opening at the singular entrance to Finsbury Park, with no regulated flow of pedestrian traffic. ‘People being trampled and forced to climb tall gates.’ Others took to social media to share that people in the crowd were ‘crying’ and ‘having panic attacks’, while someone noted ‘people passing out, dehydrated, abused by police with horses’. Wireless Festival had warned people of fake tickets and scammers, as it issued a statement on social media saying the event was sold out. A Metropolitan Police statement provided to Metro.co.uk statement: ‘Shortly after 15:00hrs on Sunday, 10 July, a small number of people tried to get through an entrance to Wireless Festival while others were queueing. ‘As a result of this, security staff put in place a brief hold on people being admitted to the event to ensure the safe flow of people into the site. This caused a large crowd to form in the area around the site. ‘Officers assisted security staff with managing the crowd to keep people safe. ‘We continue to work closely with the event organiser and other partners to prevent further disruption and we thank people attending for their patience, particularly in the hot weather. Metro.co.uk reached out to Wireless Festival for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Cardi B denies hitting fan at Wireless Festival with her microphone: ‘It wasn’t no fight’ MORE : Love Island stars Antigoni Buxton, Amber Gill and Shaughna Phillips nail festival fashion as they descend on Wireless