A lifetime’s worth of fame brings you famous friends – two people who don’t need to be told that are David and Victoria Beckham. While on a swanky family holiday in Italy, the married couple just happened to bump into the Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson while out for a casual spot of lunch. The trio were all dining at the same restaurant – the Lo Scologio restaurant, in Neranoa, southern Italy – when they crossed paths. The Beckhams, who were joined on their holiday by son Cruz, 17, and his girlfriend Tana Holding, and daughter Harper, 11, were seen bidding a short farewell to the Duchess, with Victoria planting a kiss on her cheek. David, 48, and Victoria, 49, looked to be in good spirits during the break in Italy, and headed back to their hotel on the Amalfi coast shortly after meeting the Duchess. Former Duchess of York, Sarah, 62, wore a blue patterned dress, while David wore a grey shirt with rolled up sleeves, and Victoria donned a black dress. The friendship between the trio has been going on for several years, with Victoria and the Duchess famously friends since the former singer’s days as Posh Spice. In July 2017, the Duchess apparently threw a big party at Buckingham Palace to celebrate Harper’s seventh birthday. Earlier on the holiday, David and Cruz were spotted having a lovely time, soaking up the sun on a boat. The retired footballer and his son shared some quality time together as Italy enjoyed high temperatures and hot sunshine. The Beckhams’ lunch outing with the Duchess comes in the same week that son their son Brooklyn, 23, was reportedly ‘dropped’ by fashion brand Superdry. Speaking to the Mail on Sunday, a spokesperson for Superdry said that they had decided to end their partnership with Brooklyn after just a few months. ‘Superdry works with a range of brand ambassadors and enjoyed working with Brooklyn during the launch of our new flagship Oxford Street store and during our Autumn/Winter 21 campaign,’ a spokesperson said. ‘We always review the ambassadors who feature in our campaigns and decided to work with a different range of talent for Spring/Summer 22.’ The Beckhams will be hoping that better news greets them when they touch back down in the UK in the near future. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : David Beckham and Cruz swig some beer and soak up the sun on boat bonding trip MORE : Brooklyn Beckham ‘dropped’ from £1,000,000 Superdry contract’ after just 8 months 