Londoners are being urged not to travel on Monday and Tuesday, when temperatures are expected to hit 40°C in the capital. Forecasters have said there is an 80% chance of the UK’s record for the highest ever temperature of 38.7C set in 2019 being broken on Tuesday when the current heatwave peaks. Now, Transport for London (TfL) is advising passengers to only travel for ‘essential journeys’. The message comes after the operator has already announced services will be reduced during the heatwave. Andy Lord, the firm’s chief operating officer said: ‘Due to the exceptionally hot weather that is expected next week, customers should only use London’s transport network for essential journeys. ‘If customers do need to travel, they should check before they travel as we are expecting there to be some impact to Tube and rail services as a result of temporary speed restrictions we will need to introduce to keep everyone safe,’ he added. ‘It is also vital that customers always carry water at all times with them when travelling.’ The Met Office has issued an amber warning for heat covering much of England and Wales from Sunday until Tuesday. The forecaster has issued its first-ever Level 4 red warning for extreme heat, putting the country on an emergency footing. Very hot temperatures can affect rails, overhead power lines and signalling equipment. TfL has said it will work hard to keep as many services running as possible using ‘enhanced’ inspections to mitigate the impact of the extreme weather. Track temperature checks will continue to be carried out regularly across the Tube and rail networks to ensure they remain safe and that the track is not at risk of bending or buckling, TfL said in a statement. It added it was also inspecting the air conditioning units on the trains that cover 40% of the Tube network, the trains on the Elizabeth Line and London Overground as well as the air cooling units on double-deck buses to ensure they are functioning well. However, most Underground lines do not have air-conditioning and temperatures can regularly get to the high twenties on many lines during the summer months. TfL also has response teams standing by on its rail and road network to deal with any issues as they occur, with a particular focus on stalled trains and times, crowding and customer advice. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.