Flights have been suspended at Luton Airport after today’s heatwave led to a runway defect. High temperatures have led to runways ‘melting’ in areas across England. ‘Following today’s high temperatures, a surface defect was identified on the runway,’ Luton Airport said in a statement. ‘Engineers were called immediately to site and repair works are currently in progress to resume operations as soon as possible. ‘We would like to apologise for the inconvenience caused.’ The airport is used by airlines including EasyJet, Wizz Air, Ryanair and TUI. Luton Airport has only one runway and some flights are being diverted to nearby airports as a result of the defect, Sky News reports. The news comes as the UK’s troops are believed to be effectively grounded after military officials said the runway at the country’s largest air base ‘melted’. The RAF has halted all flights in or out of Brize Norton in Oxfordshire on Monday. Two scheduled departures had already been delayed due to the heat prior to the decision, according to RAF flight data. There were also severe delays on several Tube lines today, including the Bakerloo, Central and District, while the Hammersmith & City line has been suspended due to the heat. Train speed restrictions were also introduced to protect railway tracks nationwide, but they have been leading to long delays and disruption. The worst is yet to come tomorrow, when temperatures could peak to maximums of 39C in parts of the UK. Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said investment is needed for travel infrastructure to deal with hot weather in the future. He said: ‘It is obvious that these events are likely to take place much more often. For example, one projection is that we’ll see the kind of temperatures that we may get today and tomorrow maybe every three to five years, rather than a one-in-a-hundred-year kind of incident, or for the first time ever. ‘So we do need to build our infrastructure, whether that’s rail or roads or aviation, to withstand these new temperatures and that’s exactly what we’re getting on with doing. ‘All the work we do is now to these new higher standards, able to withstand some of these more extreme weather conditions.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.