Shawn Mendes announced that he has canceled all remaining dates of his Wonder tour, to prioritize his mental health. The Senorita singer previously postponed some of his scheduled performances earlier this month, and has now confirmed that his time on the road has been cut short. The 23-year-old shared the news on social media, penning a heartfelt statement to fans. ‘As you guys know, I had to postpone the past few weeks of shows since I wasn’t totally prepared for the toll of being back on the road would take on me,’ he began. ‘I started this tour excited to finally get back to playing live after a long break due to the pandemic, but the reality is I was not at all ready for how difficult touring would be after this time away. ‘After speaking more with my team and working with an incredible group of health professionals, it has become more clear that I need to take the time I’ve never taken personally, to ground myself and come back stronger.’ ‘I unfortunately have to cancel the rest of the tour dates in North America, and the UK/Europe,’ he continued. ‘We were hopeful that I might be able to pick up with the rest of the dates after some much needed time off, but at this time I have to put my health as my first priority.’ Shawn explained that it ‘breaks his heart’ to scrap the remaining dates, and reassured fans that he would be getting back into the studio to record new music when he is able to. ‘This doesn’t mean I won’t be making new music, and I can’t wait to see you on tour in the future,’ he added. ‘I know you all have been waiting so long to see these shows, and it breaks my heart to tell you this but I promise I will be back as soon as I’ve taken the right time to heal. ‘I love you all and thank you all so much for supporting me and sticking by me on this journey.’ Fans quickly shared their support for the Stitches singer, urging him to take as much time as he needs. ‘Love you, take care of yourself,’ a follower replied. ‘Whenever you’re ready to be back, we’ll be there singing so loud with you.’ ‘Anytime we have a chronic condition (mental or physical) it is difficult to know when an episode will end,’ a Twitter user said. ‘All you can do is hold on until the days get better. They will, Shawn. You got this! By being open about it, you are not only helping yourself, but countless others.’ ‘It’s actually so great seeing someone take their mental health seriously and making it just as much of a priority as physical health,’ another praised. ‘I think it really sets a great example and teaches others that it’s ok to put yourself and your needs first. Take all the time you need.’ ‘Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for some time, including you,’ one commented. ‘Take all the time you need because the greatest gift that you can give yourself is a little bit of your own attention.’ As a fan added: ‘Honestly we are so so proud of you for putting yourself first your health and well being is the most important thing, nothing else even comes close. ‘Take as much time as you need we will always be here loving and supporting you always we love you more than you know.’ Shawn has been open with his loyal fanbase about his struggles in the past, and spoke of feeling like he was ‘drowning’ in April. He was due to perform select dates across the US over the next few months as part of the Wonder world tour, before making the trip to Europe – playing dates in Berlin, Paris, Prague and London among others. However, at the beginning of July, the musician informed fans that he would be taking time off from the stage on the advice of his doctors, after struggling with his mental health. ‘This breaks my heart to have to say this, but unfortunately I’m going to have to postpone the next three weeks of shows through Uncasville, CT until further notice,’ he said at the time. ‘I’ve been touring since I was 15 and to be honest it’s always been difficult to be on the road away from friends and family. ‘After a few years off the road, I felt like I was ready to dive back in, but that decision was premature and unfortunately the toll of the road and the pressure has caught up to me and I’ve hit a breaking point.’ He concluded: ‘After speaking with my team and health professionals, I need to take some time to heal and take care of myself and my mental health, first and foremost.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julia Bradbury gives up alcohol to help stop cancer returning after previously being able to ‘drink everybody under the table’ MORE : Paris Jackson slays in Skims as she unveils stunning campaign for Kim Kardashian’s swimwear line 