Resignations within the Tory party have started again this morning as a rising star has quit her government post. Laura Trott has resigned as parliamentary private secretary to the Department for Transport. In a statement, the MP for Sevenoaks said: ‘Trust in politics is – and must always be – of the upmost importance, but sadly in recent months this has been lost. ‘Thank you to all of you who have written to me expressing your views. I have read them carefully, and taken them into consideration as part of my decision. ‘I have, and will always, put the residents of Sevenoaks and Swanley front and centre of my work in Westminster.’ Boris Johnson faced a hellish evening after both chancellor Rishi Sunak and health secretary Sajid Javid resigned yesterday. This was followed by more departures from his team, one of which was made on live television. Will Quince, minister for children and families, also quit his post today, just two days after publicly defending the Prime Minister on TV. Outrage is growing over his admission that he knew about the groping allegation against Chris Pincher when he promoted him. But the PM is still clinging to power, having swiftly appointed Nadhim Zahawi as Chancellor and Steve Barclay as Health Secretary. As more and more Tories withdraw their support for Johnson, he is likely to have a torrid time at Prime Minister’s Questions at midday today. Then at 3pm, he’ll be grilled by the Liaison Committee, a powerful body of MPs who will subject him to two hours of questioning on a range of subjects. Johnson managed to survive a no confidence vote in early June – held after the release of the Sue Gray report on lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street. Under current party rules, he is safe from another leadership challenge for at least another year. But all of that could change within weeks, as Conservative backbenchers vote on who should run the influential 1922 Committee. The election is expected to be held on July 13, and a number of candidates for the parliamentary group are running on the ticket of scrapping the compulsory gap between no confidence votes. With Johnson running out of friends, such a change could mean he has nowhere left to hide. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.