England head coach Eddie Jones had to be held back during a fiery encounter with an Australia fan who labelled him a ‘traitor’ during Saturday’s Test match in Sydney. England secured a second consecutive series win over Australia with a 21-17 victory in the third and final Test at the Sydney Cricket Ground. But tensions boiled over after the game when one home fan pointed at the Australian-born England boss and called him a ‘traitor’ as he made his way down the touchline in a video shared on social media. Incensed, Jones attempted to confront him while repeatedly shouting ‘come here and say that’ with a security guard intervening as the 62-year-old made a beeline for the fan. The fan is seen nervously backing off with the member of security heard telling him: ‘I have spoken to you before’. Jones did not address the incident in his post-match press conference but later told the Sydney Morning Herald when asked about the incident: ‘Clowns think they have full go to abuse coaches.’ Rugby Australia has condemned the behaviour from the fan as ‘totally unacceptable’ with further reports suggesting Jones was targeted with abuse on a number of occasions during the match and subjected to ‘inappropriate comments’. Former England international Will Greenwood backed Jones for his reaction, insisting the England boss has the ‘right to respond’. ‘I think everyone with one of these [holds up mobile phone] is now a reporter, so every action, every interaction is caught,’ Greenwood told Sky Sports. ‘You have to act like a saint the whole time. And you get objectionable young people, in this case he’s not a keyboard warrior but a behind-the-fence warrior, who is shouting things and thinks they are immune from any response. ‘And when you get one, it makes the news. ‘And the reality of it is that Eddie is a rugby lover, an Australia lover doing the best he can for his country and some yob shouts something and he gets the right to respond. So park it, leave it and move on.’ England began the series with a 30-28 defeat against the 14-man Wallabies in Perth, roaring back with a 25-17 win in Brisbane before clinching victory in Saturday’s decider. MORE : Ireland heroes react to historic series win in New Zealand against the All Blacks MORE : Scotland rugby coach Townsend has high hopes for Watson in nation’s summer rugby Tests against Argentina For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 