Happy Mondays star Shaun Ryder has revealed how his brother Paul Ryder felt unwell in the hours before his sudden death this month. Bass player Paul died on July 15 at the age of 58 on the same day the popular rock band were due to perform at the Kubix Festival in Sunderland. The musician was a founding member of Happy Mondays alongside his brother Shaun, and tributes from the music industry poured in after news of his death broke. Shaun, 59, has now opened up about the death of his brother for the first time, and said their mother Linda discovered Paul in his bed after he had complained of feeling ill following his return from the US. ‘It’s a mad one as he does that flight all the time from LA to here,’ the singer explained to The Sun. ‘He lands and starts complaining about this headache. It was murdering him. Our mam wanted him to go to A&E but he said “no I’ve got to go to rehearsals”. ‘So he gets to rehearsals and he can’t recognise any of the band. He can’t recognise the drummer Gaz or anyone.’ Shaun added: ‘He lives in LA but when we play shows he flies in and comes and stays at me mam’s in Salford. So he goes home and takes some more painkillers and stuff because his head’s murdering him. ‘Then me mam goes in his room at 6am and he was gone, rigor mortis had set in.’ According to Shaun, the paramedics said it ‘looked like it had been a blood clot or brain tumour’, but they won’t find out the cause of death until the autopsy is completed, after which they will be able to lay him to rest with a funeral service. Announcing Paul’s death on Twitter, his family wrote: ‘The Ryder family and Happy Mondays band members are deeply saddened and shocked to say that Paul Ryder passed away this morning. ‘A true pioneer and legend. ‘He will be forever missed. ‘We thank you for respecting the privacy of all concerned at this time. ‘Long live his funk.’ The original line-up of Happy Mondays included Gary Whelan, Paul Davis and Mark Day, alongside the Ryder brothers and Mark Day. Mark ‘Bez’ Berry later joined, before the band broke apart in 1993. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island spoilers: Davide Sanclimenti pulls off romantic surprise for Ekin-Su Culculoglu – but is there more to it? MORE : Cheryl powers through blisters to race for Sarah Harding alongside Girls Aloud bandmates while reflecting on star’s death: ‘I still can’t quite believe it’s real’ 