The body of a teenage boy was recovered from the River Thames in Richmond, west London, at around 3.30pm today, the Metropolitan Police said. The force said it is believed to be that of a teenage boy who was seen to enter the water on Monday afternoon. The child was seen entering the water at Tagg’s Island in Hampton as the UK was hit by some of the hottest temperatures on record. ‘His next of kin are aware and are being supported by specialist officers. Officers will assist with preparing a report for the coroner.’ Superintendent Richard Smith, from the South West Command Unit, said yesterday: ‘His death is a tragedy and I cannot begin to imagine what his family will be going through. All our thoughts are with them.’ There have been a spate of deaths from drowning in the heatwave yesterday and today. The family of 13-year-old Robert Hattersley said they were ‘absolutely devastated’ after he died when he got into trouble in the River Tyne in Northumberland on Sunday. Emergency services also confirmed the deaths of a boy, 16, in Salford Quays, Greater Manchester, a boy, 16, in Bray Lake near Maidenhead, Berkshire, and a man, 50, in a reservoir near Leeds in similar circumstances. This afternoon, five swimmers were pulled from the water near Clacton Pier with the search for a sixth ongoing. Superintendent Richard Smith, of the Met Police, said: ‘I know that on days like today when temperatures are at a record high, it might look appealing to jump in and cool off in rivers, reservoirs, lakes or other open water. ‘Please don’t. The dangers are real and this evening in Richmond we have seen the terrible consequences of what happens when it goes wrong. ‘To young people in particular, I would urge you to be the person in your group of friends who says no and reminds others about the dangers. ‘Your intervention could save a life and save another family from experiencing such an awful loss.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.