We tend to stash away our sex toys and lube in dedicated drawers or secret sex boxes. That’s about to change with sexual wellness brand Maude, which launches in the UK this month. If you’re buying vibrators or dildos from this label, you’ll want to have them on display – they so perfectly fit that sleek, neutral interiors aesthetic everyone on Instagram and TikTok loves right now that we’re tempted to use them as coffee table sculptures. The toys deliver on more than just looks, of course, but as an intro to Maude, that’s not a bad place to start. Maude is not, as you might be imagining, a vanity project from a famous Maude, but it does have celeb credentials. The sexual wellness brand launched back in 2018, with the aim of creative beautiful, well-designed sex products built on quality, simplicity, and inclusivity, but in 2020, Dakota Johnson (yep, the actress who played the lead in 50 Shades Of Grey, so she knows her stuff) joined the team as an investor and co-creative director. ‘Sexual wellness is a fundamental human right,’ Dakota said at the time. ‘Maude’s ethos is something I strongly support, and is symbiotic with my core beliefs surrounding sexual health. ‘Furthermore, the caliber and aesthetic of these products is excellent and elevated, and I love them.’ Now, years after the brand’s products have attracted loads of hype in the US, Maude is finally launching in the UK, kicking off with a sex and sleep themed takeover (called Sex + Sleep) of The Selfridges Corner Shop, a month-long project in London. You’ll be able to find Maude’s products there, and soon they’ll be online on Selfridges too, but for now you can check out our pick of the best items below and shop on the Maude website (yes, they do ship internationally if you can’t wait). A soft-touch vibrator with three speeds and a runtime of two and a half hours. Water-resistant, free of latex and phtalates, and very aesthetically pleasing. Buy from Maude for £42 Lube that looks like fancy Aesop soap? We’re down. Shine is made with moisturising aloe and has a gentle, pH-balanced, organic and natural formula that won’t disrupt your vagina’s delicate balance. Buy for £22 from Maude Burn as a candle, and once the jojoba and soybean wax melts, you can use it as a sensual massage oil. Buy for £26 from Maude For external vibration (use it on your clit or as an all-over-your-body massager), this is a soft-touch toy that perfectly fits the palm of your hand. Buy for £42 from Maude Because butt plugs deserve to be aesthetically pleasing too. Buy for £26 from Maude A sanitising spray you can use on your hands (the hydrating coconut oil ensures the germ-killing alcohol isn’t too drying) or to wipe down your sex toys. Buy for £9 from Maude This article contains affiliate links. We will earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : Try the elephant sex position to have intense orgasms while getting extra close to your partner MORE : The sexodus is here – people are having less sex thanks to the pandemic MORE : We meet sexual partners through friends more than via dating apps – but the gap is narrowing