A 16-year-old mum could not have looked happier to take her toddler as her date to her school prom. Melissa McCabe, from Tranmere, Merseyside, was just 15 when she gave birth to son Arthur in November 2020. Becoming a mum at such a young age, she faces a lot of prejudice and criticism from older people who find her choice ‘disgusting’. Her life changed as soon as she gave birth during lockdown but the former Ridgeway High School student ‘does not regret a thing’. And Melissa’s school prom wasn’t an experience she wanted to miss out on, even though there was nobody available to look after Arthur. Melissa wore a blue dress decorated with sparkly crystals, while her date melted hearts in a beige three-piece suit and a big smile. Adorable photos show the mum and son posing at their home and then at the prom venue. She said: ‘When prom came around, no one could really have him and I wanted him to be a part of my prom day. ‘I ordered him a suit and took him with me. All of the teachers were saying how gorgeous he looked. ‘It was honestly so cute having him with me and getting pictures taken together because we don’t really have any nice up-to-date pictures of us. He loved it and he particularly loved all the snacks’ Teachers at Melissa’s school have been supportive of her being a teen mum and she credited the school’s deputy head and her form tutor for being the ones who ‘got me through the bad times’. When the pair arrived at the prom at Thornton Hall last month, she was delighted with the heart=warming reaction she received. After the mum showed off their outfits on TikTok, the response from strangers has also been very positive. Comments said ‘this is so cute’ and ‘best mother award 2022 goes to you’. Hoping to shed some light on what a life of being a teenage mum is actually like. Melissa often shares videos of her and Arthur. Another clip of her and her son posted on Father’s Day had the caption: ‘Happy Father’s Day to me. I am a mum but also doing the role of a dad and I wouldn’t change it for the world.’ Melissa is determined to share the stigma young and single parents like her face every day. But she also praised her brother and sister-in-law for who have been a ‘massive support’ since Arthur was born. After completing her GCSE’S last month, Melissa has secured a place to study Health and Social Care at college in September. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.