 Money saving expert Martin Lewis has warned Britain is sitting on a ‘financial timebomb’ as he called on the future prime minister to take urgent action. In an ‘open video letter’ to the Conservative Party leadership candidates, Mr Lewis warned the coming winter would be ‘bleak’, with rising energy bills at the heart of the crisis. But ‘the shockwaves are likely to ripple out’ impacting all areas of people’s lives, he said. ‘I believe unless action is taken, we are facing a potential national financial cataclysm,’ Mr Lewis posted on the Money Saving Expert (MSE) YouTube channel. ‘The Conservative party leadership candidates, one of whom will soon become our prime minister, need to know how stark things will be on the day they take office. ‘So far, the debate seems to have mostly ignored the fact we are sitting on a financial timebomb that’s due to explode in September. ‘Those candidates in truth are the only ones with a chance of diffusing that catastrophe.’ Currently Rishi Sunak, Penny Mordaunt, Liz Truss and Kemi Badenoch remain in the race to replace Boris Johnson, with Tom Tugendhat knocked out on Monday night. A fourth round of voting will take place between noon and 2pm today with the result expected at 3pm. All five hopefuls engaged in fiery clashes during a second TV debate on Sunday, including discussions about the cost of living crisis and taxes. They all ruled out a 5% pay rise for public sector workers – as inflation hits a record high. Soaring food, energy and petrol costs are placing people on the brink of ‘disaster’ – leaving them once again forced to choose between starving and freezing, Mr Lewis told his 81,000 subscribers. Public buildings, local councils, universities and libraries will need to open their doors and invite people in because they can’t afford to put their own heating on, he said. And he urged the Tory leadership contenders not to dismiss the ‘level of feeling’ among the public – warning civil unrest including ‘mass non-payments’ could happen. ‘That unrest is becoming a plausible outcome unless we see you get a handle on this,’ Mr Lewis said. ‘To weather the coming storm, I speak directly to those candidates. ‘This cost of living issue needs to be be at the front and centre of debates. ‘More intervention and action is needed and it needs to be quick. ‘Without more action I worry lives could be lost.’ Former chancellor Mr Sunak emerged as the favourite to succeed Mr Johnson after receiving 115 votes in the third ballot of Tory MPs yesterday. Ms Mordaunt followed with 82, with Ms Truss trailing behind on 71 votes. Ms Badenoch remained in the running with 58 votes, while former soldier Mr Tugendhat was eliminated after receiving just 31.