Tonight’s episode of Love Island saw Tasha Ghouri and Andrew Le Page finally reunite after toing and froing, sealing their reconciliation with a passionate kiss. However, shortly afterwards, Tasha revealed that she was still feeling conflicted about her decision, crying in bed while confiding her feelings with Billy Brown. While chatting on the terrace during the evening, the dancer had told the real estate agent that she wanted to give their relationship another shot, which made him beam as he leant in to give her a smooch. Later on while in bed with Billy – who she coupled up with after Casa Amor – he noticed that she was crying after saying that she hopes that she’s treated like a ‘princess’. When Billy questioned her further to ask why she was upset, Tasha admitted that she was afraid of being hurt by Andrew again, after he became romantically involved with Coco Lodge while Tasha was away in Casa Amor. She also shared that she was wondering if she was missing out by not being with Billy, as she encouraged her to laugh rather than cry. Several fans wondered if Billy would expose what Tasha told him to Andrew, making it clear that she’s still questioning her decision. ‘Billy’s too good, he didn’t say anything to Jacques and he didn’t tell Andrew what tasha said last night,’ one person tweeted, referring to the moment Jacques told him to ‘f**k off’ that same evening. ‘The fact Billy isn’t even telling anyone that Tasha was crying last night even though u can see he’s hurting. TRUE GENTLEMAN!!!’ another wrote. During tonight’s episode, Jacques will reveal he’s made the decision to quit the villa. Addressing his departure, a Love Island spokesperson said: ‘Jacques has made the decision to leave the Villa. ‘He will explain his reasons to the Islanders during tonight’s episode. We fully support his decision and look forward to seeing what’s next for Jacques.’ Love Island returns tomorrow at 9pm on ITV2 and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island star Jacques O’Neill tells Billy Brown to ‘f**k off’ to speak to Paige Thorne in furious rage MORE : Love Island star Gemma Owen ‘told Billy Brown he could pull her for a chat in unaired scenes’ 