A dad-of-four whose sister is believed to have been murdered and ‘minced into kebabs’ died of a heroin overdose, an inquest heard. Robert Downes, 30, was found dead by his parents just a few weeks before last Christmas. According to his devastated mum, he never ‘got over’ the disappearance of his teenage sister Charlene from Blackpool on November 1, 2003, and that his family ‘never received justice for her’. Nearly 20 years later, the Lancashire Constabulary are still no closer to solving her murder. Charlene’s disappearance was initially treated as a runaway teenager but it soon became clear something more sinister had happened. Police believe the 14-year-old was killed by men who were sexually abusing her but her body has never been found. Prosecutors claimed the schoolgirl was cut up and minced into kebabs and her bones crushed into tile grouting at a murder trial in 2007, but the charges were dropped as the jury couldn’t reach a verdict. Robert’s mum Karen said he was never the same after Charlene’s disappearance. ‘It had a massive impact on all of us. He was a lovely, bubbly lad,’ she said. ‘He was kind. Anybody would tell you he would do anything for anybody.’ Karen had no idea her son had been using heroin. Robert had apparently quit the drug after being sent to prison in 2019. She added: ‘He had four beautiful children to live for, three of his own and one he took on as his own. ‘He was gorgeous, he was funny, he used to make people laugh with his dry sense of humour. ‘He was doing so well. That’s why I was so shocked. All I can ask myself is why – why, why did this happen?’ The inquest at Blackpool Town Hall heard Robert was found dead in a pool of his own blood on December 4. His dad, Robert Sr, and mum went into a state of panic and did not call the ambulance until around three hours later. Robert’s girlfriend Enya Cardwell told the court: ‘He had issues with heroin in the past but since he left prison he had really made an effort to be a better person, he went to the gym and got a job. ‘As far as I’m aware he had not taken any heroin for three years.’ Handing down a conclusion of death by misadventure, coroner Alan Wilson said: ‘We are dealing with someone who has had a history of drug use, but recently has been avoiding heroin. ‘We don’t know why he decided to use heroin on this occasion, and maybe having made that decision he used the heroin in a similar quantity to what he used to, and hasn’t taken into account that he has lost tolerance and might be more vulnerable to the toxic effects.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.