Sir Michael Caine was seen with a walking frame as he ventured out in London with his wife Shakira. The 89-year-old was also seen with an assistant, who held onto his arm and supported the veteran actor as he walked. This isn’t the first time the movie star has been seen with a frame, as he was left with a broken ankle in 2018 after falling on ice and has switched between a walking stick and a frame since. Sir Michael looked smart as he enjoyed a day out in the capital, wearing a light blue shirt, black trousers, waterproof jacket, and baseball cap. Meanwhile, his wife, 75 – whom he married in 1973 – wore a long white shirt, adding a casual touch with trainers and tying a jumper around her shoulders. Late last year, the legendary actor said that his next project will be his last role, but has shut down speculation that he is retiring. Opening up about his health and new career as a writer, he revealed that his upcoming flick, Best Sellers, will very likely be his last film. ‘I got this alcoholic part and, funnily enough, it has turned out to be my last part, really,’ he said. ‘Because I haven’t worked for two years and I have a spine problem which affects my legs so I can’t walk very well. ‘And I also wrote a book – a couple of books – which were published and were successful. I’m now not an actor, I’m a writer, which is lovely because, as an actor, you have to get up at half past six in the morning and go to a studio. ‘As a writer, you start writing without leaving the bed!’ Chatting on Kermode and Mayo’s Film Review the star also clarified that there ‘haven’t been any offers’ lately for movies he wants to be involved with. ‘Also I’m 88! There’s not exactly scripts pouring out where the leading man is 88! You know?’, he added at the time. Despite reports, The Wrap confirmed with Sir Michael’s representatives that he’s ‘not fully retiring’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Actual Kate Beckinsale has been glued to Love Island 2022 but could never be an islander because of… the pool MORE : Of course Margot Robbie celebrated 32nd birthday with classic Barbie cake of dreams 