Kelsey Parker has been remembering her late husband Tom Parker as she marks their wedding anniversary. The 30-year-old married the Wanted star in July 2018 in a gorgeous ceremony surrounded by friends and family, including Parker’s bandmates. They went on to welcome two children together, daughter Aurelia, three, and son Bodhi, 22 months. Singer Parker was tragically diagnosed with terminal brain cancer not long after the birth of his son Bodhi and died in March of this year at the age of 33. His friends and family have been left devastated by his death, and Kelsey has been keeping his memory alive in the months since. She has shared videos of their children finding his newly-released memoir in book shops, planned charity events and erected a plaque in his honour, among other things. Now the mum-of-two has shared a gorgeous video of the pair in happier times: their wedding day. Taking to Instagram, Kelsey marked their fourth wedding anniversary by sharing a video montage of their big day, including clips of her and Parker singing at the top table, dancing on stage, and Kelsey singing with her bridesmaids. One particularly sweet moment sees the newly-married couple dancing and singing with their arms around each other, clasping hands and looking into each other’s eyes as their guests cheer them on. Writing alongside the video, Kelsey addressed her husband directly as she said: ‘Never did I ever think this is how I’d be celebrating our 4 year wedding anniversary Tom. ‘Most people wish to have their wedding day again, I’d settle for a hug.’ She continued: ‘Miss you immensely and it’s not getting easier but as I promised I would, I’m here, staying positive, toasting you and us and staying grateful for the time we had. ‘Our wedding day truly was the best day of my life and I’m holding on to every memory of it. Love you Tom. Thank you for choosing me to be Mrs Parker.’ She finished her post with the family’s trademark message: ‘Positive Parkers Forever.’ Kelsey was met with an outpouring of love from friends and followers, with fitness influencer Steph Elswood writing: ‘Love you so much Kels❤️ was such a beautiful wedding and you’ll have those memories forever.’ Pixie Lott wrote: ‘Sending loads of love Kels,’ while singer RuthAnne added: ‘What a wedding!!!! Such amazing memories!!!!’ Actor and comedian James English sent a series of red heart emojis, while Ollie Locke wrote: ‘Love you angel.’ Widow Kelsey recently revealed she is planning to host a charity event to mark her late husband’s birthday, with a ‘family fun day’ to raise money for those in need. She said the event was ‘to celebrate Tom’s legacy and his memory’. ‘We want to raise much needed funds to help others who are fighting this awful disease,’ she wrote. ‘We aim to make a positive impact on people’s lives when it is needed most.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted star Tom Parker’s wife Kelsey announces charity event to mark late singer’s birthday MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey reveals heartwarming plaque on family bench after star’s death from cancer aged 33 