This time-lapse map shows how Covid’s ‘most contagious variant yet’ has driven a new surge in infections across the UK. The BA.5 version of Omicron accounted for 82.2% of all positive cases as of July 16. It is considered even more transmissible than the original strain, as well as its BA.2 offshoot which caused a spike during the spring. These maps illustrate how it has swept across the country in just over two months and has become dominant in dozens of English local authorities. The latest data shows that 3.1 million people had Covid in the week ending July 13 – which equates to 1 in 17 people. This is the highest number of infections since April 17, when 3.2 million cases were recorded. Data compiled by the Sanger Institute, shows the BA.5 variant officially displaced other Omicron descendants as the dominant strain in Britain as of the week to June 18. The BA.4 – a separate but closely-related Omicron sub-strain – has continued to decline while BA.5 has soared. Despite BA.5’s high infectivity, experts from Yale Medicine and others say the strain is just as mild as the original Omicron variant. However, some scientists have called for the reintroduction of limits on gatherings and face masks over fears about how fast the strain is spreading. One of those is Dr Kit Yates, a mathematical biologist at the University of Bath and member of Independent Sage who said: ‘Everyone protects everyone else by wearing a mask in shared indoor spaces such as public transport and shops, but without government mandates or strong public health messaging, we have seen that most people are not inclined to do this voluntarily.’ But statistics from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) shows Covid was only the 15th leading cause of death in the UK at the end of June 2022, accounting for 1.6% of fatalities in the UK. According to the ONS, there was no surge in the number of deaths in June, despite a large rises in cases in May. Hospital admissions are on the decline in every part of the UK according to the ONS, fuelling the idea of no return to any kind of restrictions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.