Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic has booked his semi-final spot after battling back from the brink of defeat to knock out Jannik Sinner over five sets and reveals that a strategic toilet break helped him secure victory. Top seed Djokovic, who has won the last three Wimbledon men’s singles titles, went two sets down and looked on course to crash out in spectacular fashion to world No.13 Sinner, 20, in the last eight but produced an incredible comeback. The six-time Wimbledon champion showed the Centre Court crowd why he is a 20-time major winner by claiming three straight sets to register a stunning 5-7 2-6 6-3 6-2 6-2 victory and next faces Great Britain’s Cameron Norrie or David Goffin. In his post-match interview, Djokovic was quizzed about the opening two sets but laughed it off and joked: ‘Can I take you through the third, fourth and fifth?’ ‘I must say a huge congratulations to Jannik Sinner for a big fight, I’m sure there’s going to be lots of opportunities for him on the big stage,’ he added. ‘He’s so mature for his age, he’s been an established top 10, top 15 player for the last few years. He’s got plenty of time and it was unfortunate for him today. A very good tournament for him and I wish him the best of luck for the rest of the year. ‘The first two sets… compared to the last three, we probably had two different matches. He was the better player for two sets. I went out, had a refreshment and a little pep talk in the mirror. It’s the truth! ‘Sometimes these kind of circumstances, when not much is happening for you positively and the other guy is dominating the play, sometimes this is necessary. I started the third set very well, which gave me confidence and I saw doubt in him. ‘The toilet break was the turning point! Even though I’ve played tennis on the big stage, you go through the same doubtful moments as anyone else. The inner fight is the biggest fight you face on the court. It’s a big challenge. I’m just glad I’m through.’ World No.3 Djokovic is bidding to become only the fifth man in the Open Era to register four straight major titles at one tournament and the Serbian took a step closer with victory over Italian Sinner – adding to his wins over Tim van Rijthoven, Miomir Kecmanovic, Thanasi Kokkinakis and Kwon Soon-woo. Djokovic has come out on top in all but one of his 10 five-set matches at Wimbledon, with his only loss in 2006 to Mario Ancic in the fourth round. He could be set for a mouth-watering final against second-seed Rafael Nadal, if both men make it that far, in what would be a repeat of their Roland Garros semi-final at the end of May. MORE : Nick Kyrgios refuses to back down in row over breaking Wimbledon dress code MORE : What is the Wimbledon prize money and how much do the winners get? For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 