Strictly Come Dancing professional Amy Dowden has spoken about marrying her partner Ben Jones in a star-studded ceremony in South Wales, as the first pictures were released from the ceremony. Caerphilly-born Amy, 31, joined the BBC dance competition show in 2017, and had four of her past celebrity partners in attendance for the big day, as well as plenty of other Strictly family. Speaking about marrying fellow professional dancer Ben, she told Hello! magazine: ‘It was a day I’d dreamt of since I was a little girl and, well, it was even more than that.’ Ben added: ‘Amy looked beautiful… and having a member of McFly singing at our wedding was obviously a highlight.’ The occasion featured a performance by Amy’s former Strictly dance partner and member of boyband McFly, Tom Fletcher. Explaining the thought process behind 36-year-old Tom performing classic McFly hit All About You during the ceremony, she shared: ‘I originally asked Tom to sing as I walked up the aisle, but he told me he always cries at weddings, so I wanted to let him enjoy the ceremony.’ She added: ‘I talked so much wedding talk with him last year, so it’s nice that he’s part of this special moment.’ Also in attendance were an array of Strictly stars including fellow professional Dianne Buswell, who served as bridesmaid. Former Strictly dancers Janette Manrara and Aljaž Škorjanec, 2021 contestant Sara Davies, Strictly professional Katya Jones, and judge Craig Revel Horwood joined Amy’s other past celebrity partners on the star-studded guest list: JJ Chalmers, Colin Jackson and Brian Conley. Couple Amy and Ben became engaged on New Year’s Eve in 2017 after he proposed while the pair were performing the rumba to a crowd during an event at the dance academy they run together. Thet were then forced to postpone their wedding twice due to Covid, having initially planned on getting married in summer 2020. Despite regularly performing in front of large audiences, Amy revealed she was particularly ‘nervous’ about walking down the aisle, but on the day she ‘felt like a Disney princess’. A gushing Ben added: ‘Amy always looks stunning so it was no different to normal.’ The couple felt no pressure when it came to performing their first dance though, with Ben saying it ‘felt easy’ and Amy pointing out that it ‘would become work’. ‘Imagine a chef cooking on her wedding day!’ she exclaimed. She also confirmed that although she will officially become Mrs Dowden-Jones, she plans to keep Dowden as her stage name on Strictly. The full interview with Amy Dowden is available in this week’s Hello! magazine, on newsstands now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom and Giovanna Fletcher’s son Buzz cries his eyes out after meeting ‘hero’ Buzz Lightyear at Disney MORE : Strictly Come Dancing bosses keen to feature ‘two same-sex couples’ ahead of 2022 series 