A family was amazed this weekend at the sight of a pod of orcas cruising past their holiday cottage. Alexander Linklater and his family have been enjoying a peaceful week away near the Eshaness peninsula in Shetland. Yesterday evening, Alexander was out in the cottage’s garden gazing over the island’s rugged scenery. He suddenly spotted a fin amongst the waves – adding that the Jaws theme tune ‘immediately came to mind’ – and alerted his family. Son Eric, 21, whipped out his camera to film the waves as more fins appeared. It soon emerged there was in fact a huge pod of orcas swimming past the family. The experience was a bit too much for seven-year-old Sula however, who burst into tears at the sight. She was comforted by mum Emily as the pod cruised past. Terrified Sula quickly vetoed the idea that the family move ‘further down’ to the shoreline for a better view. Dad Alexander told Metro.co.uk: ‘The first thought in your subconscious when you see these massive fins coming out of the water is terror, so Sula’s reaction was pretty much the natural one. ‘I think her reaction made it feel less like a David Attenborough programme, and helped us realise that these were real life, seal-killing beasts.’ He added: ‘We had run down to the bay and this entire pod came out. They’re quite well known as the ’27s pod’ but it’s very rare to see so many of them up so close against the shore like that. ‘There’s people on Shetland who try and follow the pod as they cruise around the coastline. We were just lucky to be sitting there when they came into the bay, it was amazing.’ Sula explained she was feeling much happier about her orca encounter today. Her parents even incorporated the pod of whales into a bedtime tale last night. Sula told Metro.co.uk: ‘I had felt scared and started crying. ‘They got very close. I hugged my mummy and that helped. ‘Seeing an orca on your phone isn’t that scary, but if you see it in real life, it shows impossible things are actually possible.’ Sula is still recovering from her traumatic ordeal, but there’s plenty of other wildlife on Shetland that have welcomed her, her sister Ida and brother Eric on the trip. She added: ‘My favourite animal is a bunny and my favourite bird is a gannet. Two bunnies came up to our window [at the cottage] and we saw them.’ The ’27s pod’ seen by the family are fond of Shetland’s coastline, although they have also been seen on other parts of Scotland’s waters. Orca watchers north of the country are familiar with the pod, but such close-up sightings are still rare. A Facebook group called Shetland Orca Sightings has more than 30,000 members – with awareness around the creatures and their love for Scottish waters becoming more well-known. In last night’s sighting, it is thought the group were on a sort of ‘reconnaissance’ style mission to teach the pod’s younger population how to track vulnerable seals. The matriarch of the group was leading the orca calves through the bay when they were spotted by Alexander and his family. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.