A travel vlogger has shared what it’s like to embark on the world’s shortest passenger flight – lasting one minute and 14 seconds. Noel Philips shot the video flying between the islands of Papa Westray and Westray, in the Scottish archipelago of Orkney – a journey that is just 1.7 miles in total. This particular service can carry up to eight passengers and operates twice a day with Loganair. The 41-year-old explains the plane is so small that you can’t take any hand baggage on with you. Instead, everything has to go into the boot when you board. Noel, from Mansfield, Derbyshire, also stresses that these short routes are popular with tourists and aviation enthusiasts. He says: ‘I love flying on little flights like this and travelling around some of the world’s most remote communities. ‘Scotland has so many of these tiny flights connecting the remote communities in the islands, and living in the UK it’s so easy to travel to. ‘The planes that serve these islands are quite small, they’re like getting onboard a minibus! ‘On my flights were several people who were staying on the islands and just wanted to experience the world’s shortest flight. ‘But it’s also relied upon for locals to be able to connect with Kirkwall and be able to leave or return to the islands.’ Some critics say the flight’s distance makes it environmentally questionable – but the alternative is a 20-minute boat ride through choppy waters. There has been talk from the local council for a bridge be built, to connect Papa Westray and Westray – but nothing has been authorised so far. Noel’s flight cost him £17 in total, which technically makes it one of the most ‘expensive flights’ in the world – due to its cost-per-mile ratio. But this was all in a day’s work for Noel, who has travelled on some of the most obscure flights, trains and transport links – and has reviewed the likes of the world’s ‘longest,’ ‘worst’ and most ‘dangerous’ flights. Noel says: ‘I’ve been a full-time travel vlogger for three years now. Before this, I worked as an IT consultant and did YouTube as my side hobby. ‘I’ve been an aviation enthusiast since a very young age, and I started sharing my passion with others via YouTube in 2013. ‘I was fortunate enough to be able to take it full time in 2019 when my channel grew to such a size that it was taking up more of my time than my full-time job. ‘Since then I’ve travelled around the world and made videos on every continent – apart from Antarctica! ‘I consider myself very lucky to have what I think is the best job in the world – travelling around the world flying on unique airlines and pursuing my passion, then coming home to spend months at home with my family. ‘I still have more countries to visit and more airlines to fly. Every time I think I’ve “done it all,” I find another experience that goes on the list.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Plus-size traveller shares issues she faces including ‘tiny’ airplane seats and ’unusable’ bathrooms MORE : How to plan your first solo travel trip abroad MORE : A 48-hour itinerary for experiencing the authentic Algarve – without a golf club in sight