An Asda superstore received a critical food hygiene report after inspectors found a squirrel and ‘gnawed’ packaging in a warehouse. The branch was told to take action over a catalogue of issues also said to include bird droppings on food packaging and on the floor. A ‘disappointed’ official found problems with pest control and further highlighted ‘obvious spillages’ in the storage area. The supermarket was given one out of five stars for food hygiene after four visits were carried out in March 2022 by Blaby District Council at the branch in Braunstone, Leicestershire. A report sent to Asda states: ‘A squirrel was seen in the warehouse during the inspection and evidence of gnawed packaging was found on the floor. ‘Having looked through the pest control records, there had been very recent issues but it was felt these had been addressed. ‘The new sighting was reported and a new round of treatment has begun. ‘There were also birds seen around the warehouse and bird droppings on food packaging and the floor.’ The issues were flagged after a routine inspection under food safety laws on March 21, 2022, which led to three more visits. Pictures taken by the inspectors show cluttered and untidy conditions inside the warehouse, including a Cadbury Easter egg tube that appears to have the middle gnawed out and an oat yoghurt pot stuck in a ledge. Other photographs show boxes piled up on the floor between storage aisles and filthy nooks and crannies. Asda said today it took ‘immediate’ action to rectify all of the issues with no current evidence of pest activity and is seeking a revaluation. The report states: ‘When we first visited, there was stock everywhere. ‘Again, we understand there has been staff shortages lately but stock had just been left blocking doors and blocking aisles making moving around the aisles impossible in places.’ The inspectors also flagged ‘obvious spillages of food that just been left’, said to include packets of rice, dog food, sugar and flour. In a rotisserie and pizza area they found a range of issues including a ‘filthy’ walk-in floor while in a home-delivery chiller there was a ‘pungent smell’ and milk with a use-by date of February 17, 2022. Half-eaten Kinder chocolate rabbits were also found in the warehouse, according to the redacted 3,000-word document, which was released after a request under the Freedom of Information Act by Metro.co.uk. The document states: ‘The spillages in the warehouse and issues throughout the walk-in chillers were obvious and had not happened overnight as evidenced by the dates of some of the expired foods. ‘It is apparent that checks were not being carried out thoroughly (if at all) and if they were reported, action was not being taken. ‘For example, the gnawed packaging on the warehouse floor – if this was evidence of a historic problem then it should have been cleared away some weeks ago. If it was evidence of a new issue, the question is how had it not been noted and reported as the warehouse is on a regular rota for cleaning and spot checks. ‘We were advised that the Leadership team walked the same areas we did only the day before our inspection. In light of the recent pest activity, it was disappointing to find the warehouse in such a condition and with such obvious pest proofing requirements.’ The document, sent out on March 30, set out a list of ‘priority actions’ to rectify the issues at the store, located on the Narborough Road South. The one-star rating, which was live on the Food Standards Agency’s website as of July 4, 2022, means ‘major improvement is necessary’. Each of the points, including food hygiene procedures and pest control, was given a timescale ranging from ‘immediate’ to six months. An Asda spokesperson said: ‘We take the hygiene of all of our stores extremely seriously and as soon as we were made aware of the findings all of the recommended actions were implemented immediately. ‘There is no current evidence of pest activity and we are satisfied that any spillages are regularly cleaned and damaged products are removed swiftly to prevent pests and maintain cleanliness. ‘We are seeking a revaluation at our Braunstone store as soon as possible.’ Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.