Love Island star Zara McDermott was all of us as she saw her ex, Adam Collard, return to the villa after four years away. The series four legend, who made it into the Love Island history books with his wandering eye, is back for more, and absolutely no one saw it coming – including his ex. Adam and Zara met in the villa and stayed together for eight months on the outside before splitting in 2019. While Adam’s clearly still on the lookout for love, Zara’s dating Made In Chelsea star Sam Thompson. Of course, as narrator Iain Stirling teased Adam’s sensational return, Sam couldn’t resist filming Zara’s reaction, with her jaw dropping in shock. ‘Who’s this guy? Who’s this absolute animal?’ Sam asked in the video. ‘It’s your ex-boyfriend!’ Adam and Zara met in the villa in 2018, after he had already coupled up with Kendall Knight and Rosie Williams (let’s just say he wasn’t the most loyal of islanders). They split the next year, with Zara saying at the time: ‘I am heartbroken to announce that Adam and I have parted ways. ‘I love him very much and will always have a special place in my heart for him & our time together. I have tried so hard to be the best person I can possibly be and to make it work. Sometimes in life, you just aren’t enough for someone; no matter what you do for them or how much you try to be. ‘For everyone asking if I’m ok, I don’t know that I am. But I know that soon I will be. I will be strong and prove to myself that I can get through this.’ Zara and Sam started dating in 2019 and while they’ve had a rocky journey, they’ve since gone from strength to strength. Adam’s clearly still on the hunt for Love and, in the villa, sets his sights on our queen of chaos, Ekin-Su Culculoglu. Adam, who’s been dubbed the ‘ultimate bombshell’ has said of his return: ‘I’m going to ruffle a few feathers when I go in.’ We last saw Adam on season four of Love Island in 2018, when he coupled up with four different girls, and left the public in disbelief. He entered the villa on day one and coupled up with Kendall Knight. However, he quickly dumped her for Rosie Williams. He went on to couple up with Zara McDermott, before his head was turned once again in Casa Amor to Darylle Sargeant. Has he changed his ways? Only time will tell… Love Island continues Monday at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island legend Adam Collard returns to villa after four years in ‘biggest twist of all time’ – and he’s here to ‘ruffle feathers’ MORE : Love Island fans cringe over ‘painfully awkward’ Andrew Le Page and Tasha Ghouri chat as he grovels after Casa Amor 