Kate Garraway has asked fans for help locating vital medication and supplies for husband Derek Draper after leaving them in a taxi on the way home from hospital. The presenter, 55, took to Twitter to share an appeal for the items to be reunited with her as Derek, 55, would need them ‘urgently’. She posted: ‘@BC_Lostproperty help!! Have just brought derek home in a mobility black cab from hospital for a weekend visit – & have left a case with all his meds and kit in the front! ‘The driver recognised me but may not know it’s there – please look & get in touch – need urgently!!’ Although Kate did not share an update, one of her followers appeared to confirm that the vital supplies had been returned as the taxi driver was a friend of theirs who had mentioned taking Kate and Derek home earlier that day. Derek has required round-the-clock medical care since contracting Covid-19 in March 2020, which left him hospitalised for a year and in an induced coma for a period of time. He is believed to be one of the worst-affected cases to have survived coronavirus but has been left severely affected by the side effects. Derek’s ability to communicate was also affected by the virus, which caused damage to many of his organs. Kate recently revealed that she and their children, daughter Darcy, 17, and son William, 12, have had to ‘relearn’ their relationships with Derek, who was released from hospital in April 2021. She told Good Housekeeping: ‘When you nearly lose someone, it certainly brings everything into sharp focus. ‘In many ways, we’re still learning how we are as man and wife, as so much has changed. It’s the same for the children – they’re having to relearn the experience of being with their dad. ‘And, of course, the biggest learning is for poor Derek.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Garraway says she and Derek Draper are learning how to be husband and wife again: ‘So much has changed’ MORE : Kate Garraway ‘exhausted and fretful’ with husband Derek Draper ‘in and out of hospital’ in recent weeks amid long Covid recovery 