Lurpak hit the headlines after a tub of their butter was seen on the shelf for £7.20. With the rising cost of living, spending this much on a staple just isn’t an option for many families across Britain. So, one thrifty mum has started to make her own butter with minimal effort for just £2 in a bid to beat the rising costs. Hayley Louise Minns, 39, wasn’t pleased when the spread reached a record high – prompting some supermarkets to protect it with security tags. The mum-of-four made her own using two 300ml pots of cream she already had in the fridge, costing £1.05 each. She even had some spare to make buttermilk pancakes. Part-time nurse Hayley, from Hull said: ‘I was cleaning my fridge and noticed I had almost two full pots of cream in there. ‘I knew I wouldn’t use them – my husband forgets what he has bought sometimes and gets more – and I didn’t want it to go to waste. ‘I kept seeing all these memes on Facebook about the price of Lurpak, so thought I’d see if I could make it into butter as I know I’d use that. ‘I remember a little while ago, I did the same with ice cream as I had too much cream and about eight bananas overripe that the kids wouldn’t eat so I turned it into banana ice cream and googled how to make caramel sauce.’ In the past she switched to the Aldi version of Lurpak to save money, but now she prefers to make it from scratch to be even more in control of the cost. She added: ‘The butter turned out lovely! I gave some to my neighbour and made her a buttermilk pancake – I always cook for her as she’s elderly and on her own. ‘She put the butter on top of the pancake and said it was delicious. ‘I’ll definitely make it again, but use a muslin cloth this time to help squeeze the excess buttermilk out.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Security tags put on cheese, butter and baby milk amid soaring costs MORE : Single tub of Lurpak butter has soared to eye-watering £7.20 MORE : Mum shares how she makes her own butter for 36p to save money – as supermarket prices rise