Lidl has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called the Middle of Lidl. From BBQs to fitness gear, and scuba-diving equipment to weighted blankets – there are always some great deals to be found. But what does the legendary middle aisle have in store of Lidl shoppers this week? Here are our top picks. Whether you’d rather dip your toes in a pool or a foot spa, Lidl has you covered this week. The middle aisles are stacked with items to help you cool down and chill out. Keep the kids busy all summer long without breaking a sweat, with this pool that can be set up in minutes. Three layer Duraplus material helps avoid rips, while a Flowclear filter pump and cartridge ensures crystal-clear and hygienic water. Reduced from the RRP of £74.99, it’s a bargain too. Buy for £54.99 in Lidl stores from today. Perfect for adventurers, this can be used as a paddle board or kayak, with an adjustable universal paddle which converts to a double-bladed paddle depending on your needs. Three fins, a non-slip EVA footbed, and a dual chamber system provide stability, while a carry handle allows for easy portability. Buy for £199.99 in Lidl stores from today. Even though the worst of the heatwave has passed, warm weather can make it difficult to get to sleep. This pillowcase helps cool you down in summer and keep you cool in winter, with MIXX Freeze treatment on one side and a cosy, soft fabric on the other. Buy for £5.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday July 31. For those who are on their feet a lot, a foot spa like this is a must. It provides a soothing bubble massage and comes with three attachments to massage your soles. Plus, it has convenient toe-touch controls so you don’t need to lift a finger. Buy for £22.99 in Lidl stores from Sunday July 31. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : You can now buy a chocolate ‘stock’ cube to add to meals MORE : The Fit List: Combine beauty, fitness and coolness with these great products MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle