Wild bison have returned to the UK for the first time in thousands of years, in a pioneering project aiming to revitalise nature in an ancient Kent woodland. Four of the huge mammals are being introduced in the Wilder Blean project, which will allow the public to observe them from a distance, with the help of specially-employed bison rangers. Conservationists and rewilding experts have hailed the £1.12 million scheme as ‘biodiversity-boosting magic’. Bison, which tend to be found in North American, have been praised as ‘eco-system engineers’ because of the way their unusual interactions with trees and vegetation creates opportunities and new habitats for other animals to flourish. The best chance of seeing the three females introduced today – and later another male – is by staying quiet and keeping your distance, according to the Kent Wildlife Trust (KWT). Its director of conservation, Paul Hadaway, told Metro.co.uk: ‘Bison have not roamed freely in the UK for around 30,000 years, when the Steppe bison could be found within the British landscape.’ Other reports have put the figure at 6,000 years or less. But Paul explained that experts agree that hunting and habitat changes are widely thought to have led to the Steppe’s global extinction. ‘The European bison is the nearest living relative, despite nearing extinction after WWII when only 64 survived’, he continued. ‘Thanks to a breeding programme, their numbers now exceed several thousand.’ Paul hopes that the Wilder Blean experiment – in a fenced enclosure in West Blean and Thornden Woods, near Canterbury – can replicate the success on the continent – with many ecologists hopeful of the scheme being expanded if it goes to plan. The bull from Germany, matriarch from Scotland and two young females from Ireland have been specially selected to offer the most varied bloodline for breeding Europe’s largest land mammal. It is hoped that they will eventually have calves. The young male is expected to arrive next month, with Brexit trade issues and other technical problems complicating the introduction, which has been delayed a number of times. The KWT, which also led the way on reintroducing beavers to the UK, are also bringing Exmoor ponies, Iron Age pigs and long-horned cattle to the area shortly. But it is the bison, still classified as a vulnerable animal that are attracting all the attention, with special secure fencing and ‘bison tunnels’ across public footways built to keep curious locals safe. The animals are set to make the forest more varied, spread seeds and create wetter areas, which will store carbon and reduce flooding. Insects, fungi, plants, lizards and bats will benefits from their presence, while birds are likely to collect their fur for nesting. ‘You get this ricochet effect… so many species are able to benefit from the bison in the ecosystem,’ ranger Donovan Wright said. Rewilding Britain spokesperson Richard Bunting is also hugely enthusiastic about the ‘exciting and positive’ project. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘With Britain languishing as one of the world’s most nature-depleted countries, pioneering projects like this are desperately needed to help boost biodiversity, restore habitats and repair our shredded ecosystems. ‘Herbivores such as bison can play a crucial role in our landscapes and help maintain a rich mosaic of habitats – so that healthy mixtures of woodland, scrub and glades can offer all sorts of opportunities for plants and other animal species.’ Arguing that rewilding can combat the climate and nature crises, as well as offering health, wellbeing and economic benefits, Richard continued: ‘The Wilder Blean initiative is also a reminder that across Britain we need to do far more to allow large areas of deep vegetation to recover and flourish. ‘This would ensure we have the habitat for more herbivores to return and unleash their biodiversity-boosting rewilding magic.’ Bison were selected for Kent because of their unique grazing habits and behaviour. KWT’s Paul explained: ‘They are eco-system engineers. ‘Bison manage habitats in a way that no other animal can. ‘(They create) “bull pits” or “sand baths” by dust bathing to remove parasites, removing moulting fur by rubbing against trees and due to their large size and strength, creating corridors through densely vegetated patches which in turn links up microhabitats. ‘All these behaviours can create a healthy life cycle in woodland and create gaps in the canopy that provide a 3-dimensional habitat to the benefit of a variety of species. ‘Without an animal like bison, these dynamic functions are missing in woodlands, and this project aims to restore these natural processes.’ The KWT has been removing non-native conifer trees from the woods with chainsaws and other large machinery for years – a process it admits is ‘far from ideal for wildlife’. But Bison can selectively fell trees and cause others to die back slowly – a much more natural approach maximising opportunities for other animals. Though the project has been planned at length, Brexit has impacted the licensing to bring the animals over. The animals could not be transported to Blean until all of the legal framework and necessary permissions were granted, since the UK categorises bison as a dangerous animal. The three females were eventually released this morning – thanks to a collaborative project involving Wildwood Trust, mainly funded by the People’s Postcode Lottery. Alongside the male, they will be the subject of a long-term monitoring survey led by KWT. Rewilding backers will hope the scheme will be replicated by similar projects elsewhere. Rob Stoneman, the Wildlife Trusts’ director of landscape recovery, told Metro.co.uk that nature was collapsing worldwide due to human activity ‘breaking’ natural processes. ‘Agriculture has dried out peatlands, which should store carbon but instead contribute to climate change; meandering rivers have been straightened so floodplains don’t work, and keystone species that help ecosystems to function properly, such as bison, are missing from the UK’, he explained. ‘The restoration of natural processes, often termed rewilding, offers hope to repair the nature and climate crisis.’ He continued: ‘Rewilding can help us to restore the ecology of our planet to its natural function, allowing nature to absorb excess carbon from the atmosphere, clean our polluted rivers and seas, reduce flooding and drought, and maintain a sustainable food production system. ‘Only by embracing rewilding and the natural solutions it offers we will be able to carry on living on a beautiful green and healthy planet.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Heatwaves of 40°C in UK ‘ten times more likely now due to climate change’