The next prime minister is not going to be Kemi Badenoch, as she was knocked out of the running today. MPs took part in their fourth round of voting today to decide which two candidates will go head to head in a poll of Conservative Party members. The results, announced at 3pm, showed Kemi Badenoch had 59 votes, Penny Mordaunt had 92 votes, Rishi Sunak had 118 votes and Liz Truss had 86 votes. After the vote, Ms Badenoch tweeted: ‘I’m grateful to my colleagues and the party members who have supported me. ‘This campaign began less than two weeks ago. What we’ve achieved demonstrates the level of support for our vision of change for our country and for the Conservative Party. Thank you.’ Former Chancellor Rishi Sunak was comfortably ahead after the three previous votes, although polls today suggested he is not as popular among the general party membership. Some MPs are very enthusiastic, however, with Sir Robert Goodwill turning up to vote wearing a T-shirt with Rishi Sunak’s face on it which appeared to be a £17.49 garment from Amazon. The remaining three candidates will go through to another vote by MPs tomorrow, which should bring the number down to just two. Tory party general members, as opposed to MPs, will then have the rest of the summer to decide who they want to elect as leader, with the result due on September 5. The winner will become the next prime minister after Boris Johnson steps down as caretaker PM. Kemi Badenoch was most vulnerable today as she received the lowest amounts of votes in the previous round. However, polling by YouGov suggested she would have beaten all of the other candidates if she reached the final two. In today’s vote, candidates competed for the votes previously given to Tom Tugendhat, who was knocked out yesterday. The 31 votes up for grabs could prove decisive in shaping the rest of the race, with his support thought more likely to go to Ms Mordaunt or Mr Sunak than the more right-leaning Ms Truss or Ms Badenoch. Mr Tugendhat himself declined to say who he had backed. Eyes now will be on who gets Ms Badenoch’s 59 votes. She is seen as more towards the right of the party, so MPs backing her may be more likely to turn to Liz Truss, a big Margaret Thatcher fan who even wore an ‘identical’ outfit to her in the first TV leaders’ debate. Yesterday’s result was not a great result for Penny Mordaunt, who dropped a vote in the third ballot, but she was still able to fend off a challenge by Liz Truss to retain her second-placed spot, receiving 82 votes. Ms Truss picked up seven votes to reach 71, while Ms Badenoch gained nine to reach 58. Mr Sunak, who has unveiled a suite of policies to tackle crime, gained another 14 votes to reach 115 – just five short of the 120 which will guarantee him a place in the final two. He will likely have been disappointed by the result today, which still left him short of the crucial number although he remained in the lead. Some speculated that he would prefer to face Liz Truss in the final vote – and may even have ‘lent votes’ to her from his supporters, according to ITV political correspondent Robert Peston, who admitted it was a ‘conspiracy view’. He spoke to one anonymous Tory MP who asked: ‘How else to explain that Sunak only went up 3 to 118?’ Sunak’s campaign manager denied that this tactical trick was taking place, but Mr Peston remarked: ‘Who knows?’ Voting took place between noon and 2pm this afternoon. Asked beforehand if she was feeling optimistic, Penny Mordaunt said: ‘We will see. We won’t have long to wait.’ The vote comes after Boris Johnson stripped the Tory party whip, and the right to vote in the leadership election, from Tobias Ellwood MP after he failed to support the Government in the confidence vote. Mr Ellwood is backing Ms Mordaunt to be the next leader – with some speculating the whip was taken so he couldn’t vote for her. But Nadine Dorries, the Culture Secretary and arch ally of the Prime Minister, angrily denied suggestions Mr Johnson was working to boost Liz Truss’s campaign for No 10. Ms Truss, the Foreign Secretary, is being backed by Mr Johnson’s allies and is seen as the most likely challenger to face Rishi Sunak in the run-off if she can overcome Ms Mordaunt, who has so far come second in voting among Tory MPs. Mr Ellwood, a former minister who chairs the Commons Defence Committee, argued he was unable to travel back from a meeting with the president of Moldova because of ‘unprecedented disruption’. But a Tory source said: ‘Other Conservative MPs cancelled foreign trips, left poorly relatives, and one MP’s mother died on the morning of the vote, and still attended and voted.’ A spokeswoman for the Tory whips’ office said: ‘Tobias Ellwood MP has lost the Conservative Party whip following his failure to vote in support of the Government in the confidence vote last night.’ A Conservative source said the other Tories who appeared on the list with Mr Ellwood were appropriately paired with other MPs for the purpose of the vote, giving them a valid excuse not to. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.