Keeping animals in cars during a heatwave is something all pet owners should know not to do. But as temperatures reached record highs across the country, police officers were once again forced to break open a car and save a helpless dog trapped inside. Six Hertfordshire Police officers rescued the dog from a black Audi in central Stevenage on Saturday. They were pictured smashing the rear window at 11.30am to free the dog from the sweltering heat inside the vehicle. Witness David Stuckey said: ‘I was just walking back to my car and could see a large crowd of people who were stood there in disbelief. ‘Someone went shopping and left their dog inside the car in sweltering heat with no windows open. Everyone couldn’t believe it. ‘It happened at about 11.30am and it was already very warm but I don’t know how long the dog had been in the car.’ He added he was unsure about what breed the dog was or its condition when police saved it. Officers are permitted by law to smash a car windows if they have reason to believe a pet is at risk inside. They use a tool called a glass punch before removing the window usually with their baton to rescue the animal inside. As part of their Dogs Die In Hot Cars campaign, RSPCA dog welfare expert Dr Samantha Gaines said: ‘We know families love their pets and want to keep them close but, sometimes, it may be safer to leave your four-legged friends at home. ‘Dogs can suffer from heatstroke during hot weather and this can be extremely dangerous, and even prove fatal. ‘We’re calling on pet owners to put the welfare of their dogs first this summer. If you’re heading out and about then consider whether your pet may be happier in the cool at home, only walk them during the cooler hours of the day, and never leave your dog in a car unattended on a warm day.’ It comes as the Met Office issued a level 4 red alert on Friday, putting the UK on national emergency footing. The heatwave is set to peak on Tuesday, with areas like London, the Midlands and parts of the north west experiencing temperatures of 40°C. Britain’s hottest ever temperature will likely be recorded, with the current maximum of 38.7°C set in Cambridge Botanical Gardens in 2019. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.