Rocky legend Sylvester Stallone shared a heartfelt tribute to his close pal James Caan, after the Godfather star died last week aged 82. Caan’s death was confirmed in a statement which read: ‘It is with great sadness that we inform you of the passing of Jimmy on the evening of July 6. ‘The family appreciates the outpouring of love and heartfelt condolences and asks that you continue to respect their privacy during this difficult time.’ Following the news, Sylvestor shared his fond memories of Caan, alongside a series of photos with his pal. Sly captioned the tribute: ‘I will miss my good friend and great actor, James Caan! ‘Tough, Smart, a man’s man. One of a kind!’ The stars worked together in 2005 on the TV series Las Vegas and both recently appeared in the documentary Chuck Zito: An American Story. Sly’s tribute echoed those from many of Caan’s other Hollywood pals, with Godfather co-star Al Pacino leading tributes to the actor, describing him as a ‘dear friend’. The 82-year-old star – who played Michael Corleone in the crime films – said in a statement to People: ‘Jimmy was my fictional brother and my lifelong friend. It’s hard to believe that he won’t be in the world anymore because he was so alive and daring.’ Pacino also hailed Caan – who portrayed Sonny Corleone – as a ‘great director’. He said: ‘A great actor, a brilliant director and my dear friend. I’m gonna miss him.’ The Godfather director Francis Ford Coppola also shared a tribute to Caan, who also appeared in films such as Elf and Misery. The filmmaker said: ‘From those earlier times working together on The Rain People and throughout all the milestones of my life, his films and the many great roles he played will never be forgotten. ‘He will always be my old friend from Sunnyside, my collaborator and one of the funniest people I’ve ever known.’ On Friday, Pierce Brosnan made a touching tribute, after the pair completed work on their upcoming gangster thriller, Fast Charlie. The late star worked alongside Pierce on location in Louisiana for more than a month, despite being confined to a wheelchair and being in poor health. Pierce wrote: ‘On the set of the movie Fast Charlie with the great man himself James Cann, farewell Jimmy. ‘We had many laughs together over those five days in New Orleans… ‘You were an inspiration to me as young actor starting out, and an even greater one as a man watching you work each day against great physical pain and discomfort. ‘You gave of yourself to the art of acting and performance to very end. My heart has a deep sorrow this day for your passing.’ He added: ‘I shall cherish the memory of you always. My heartfelt condolences to your family. May you Rest In Peace, forever in the light.’ MORE : Hollywood heavyweights Al Pacino and Sylvester Stallone grab pizza together in Beverly Hills MORE : Francis Ford Coppola, Al Pacino and Robert De Niro share heartfelt tributes to Godfather star James Caan