Eddie Izzard was rocking a floral summer look and newly cropped blonde hair as she arrived for a break in Malaga on Tuesday. The 60-year-old comedian, who has previously sported a longer, swept-back style, as well as a ponytail, had her freshly bleached hair spiked up in a pixie cut. Wheeling a smart set of matching black luggage through the terminal, the popular comedian – who identifies as gender fluid and previously requested the use of ‘she and ‘her’ pronouns – also showed off her flare for style (and a good deal) in her outfit. The performer joined the crowds of fashion forward peeps opting for a flowing pink and white printed mini dress with long sleeves and a belt around the waist, which can be snapped up at high street brand Zara for £32.99. Eddie matched the dress, which is having a serious moment right now, with her trademark bright pink lipstick, alongside large sunglasses and Nike trainers. She was also showing off a very fine set of fresh nails, painted white. Heading outside, the actor was also seen carrying a rucksack in her hand and a small black handbag with gold link chain over her shoulder. It is thought that the marathon runner is enjoying a two-week break, with Eddie seeming in a light mood while exiting the airport. Eddie, who is set to star as Dr Nina Jekyll in a ‘modern twist’ on Robert Louis Stevenson’s classic horror tale, has been out publicly as a trans since 1985, but in recent years has considered herself gender fluid. Discussing her ‘elastic’ approach to gender last year with the Radio Times, Eddie explained: ‘I go in girl mode or boy mode, which I see as a superhero thing.’ She added: ‘It’s no big deal. It’s elastic, not hard and fast. I’m still gender fluid. I’m still performing male roles in dramas, in boring mode. But stand-up, activism and endurance running are all girl mode.’ The comedian has previously undertaken a staggering 31 marathons and performed 31 stand-up shows in 31 days in order to raise money for charities including Fareshare, Walking With the Wounded, Care International, United to Combat Neglected Tropical Diseases and Covenant House New York City. Her Make Humanity Great Again campaign has so far raised more than £313,000. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nadine Dorries calls for security on live TV after interview derailed by shouting man MORE : From voicing The Wombles to beloved Doctor Who companion: Bernard Cribbins’ incredible career following actor’s death aged 93 