Elon Musk may be trying to ‘drive down’ the cost of Twitter by stepping back from his agreement to buy it. The Tesla owner pulled the plug on his $44,000,000,000 purchase deal yesterday. His lawyers had argued Twitter had ‘not complied with its contractual obligations’. They added that Musk had not been provided with business information he had requested. But the social media giant plans to sue the billionaire in retaliation for the broken deal. Moving forward, one expert has suggested Musk may be angling to get a price reduction. Ann Lipton, a professor of corporate governance at Tulane Law School, told the Daily Mail: ‘At least based on public reporting, his position is quite weak, legally. But that doesn’t mean he can’t credibly threaten to create major litigation headaches for Twitter that could cause matters to drag on for years. ‘What I can’t really figure out is his endgame; Twitter might be willing to settle for a small price reduction just to spare the time and expense, but it’s not obvious to me that’s what Musk wants.’ She added: ‘If he wants to walk away completely (possibly paying the break fee of $1 billion), or if he wants a much bigger price cut, that’s the kind of thing Twitter should be willing to dig its heels in over.’ Musk previously said he wanted to investigate Twitter’s claims that about 5% of its daily active users are spam accounts. He had once tweeted that his goal after acquiring the site would be to ‘defeat the spam bots or die trying’. Twitter told reporters during a briefing yesterday that its removing one million bots each day. The company’s lawyers are also reportedly telling staff to keep quiet about Musk’s break-up of the deal to buy the company. A leaked internal memo from the company, released by the New York Times, read: ‘Given this is an ongoing legal matter, you should refrain from Tweeting, Slacking, or sharing any commentary about the merger agreement. ‘We will continue to share information when we are able, but please know we are going to be very limited on what we can share in the meantime.’ The memo came as an anonymous Twitter employee told NBC news that Musk had ‘f**king destroyed the company.’ Twitter’s share price has dropped dramatically since Musk’s initial bid in April. A further decline was seen yesterday, of more than 10%, after a series of confusing statements from the billionaire. Musk initially said that the deal was ‘temporarily on hold’ pending an investigation into bots. He later clarified he was ‘still committed to the acquisition’ but that uncertainty surrounding he deal was proving difficult to dispel. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.