Jennifer Lopez took us right back to the early noughties with a throwback video showing herself and Ben Affleck sitting courtside at a basketball match while wishing fans a Happy Mother’s Day. In the clip from roughly 20 years ago when they were together the first time around, the couple can be seen waving at the camera after being spotted in the crowd, with a commentator announcing: ‘One of Hollywood’s hottest couples, Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez!’ They used their time on camera to wish their mothers a Happy Mother’s Day, with J-Lo calling out the sweet message. She captioned the clip: ‘Happy Mother’s Day to all the mommy’s out there!!! (sic)’ Ben was looking very 2002 in a T-shirt worn over a long-sleeved top, while Jennifer looked glamorous in a low-cut shirt and her trademark hoop earrings. Fans and friends were loving the nostalgic clip, with Queer Eye’s Jonathan Van Ness replying: ‘This wins the day.’ Kim Kardashian commented: ‘Soooo cute!!!’ ‘Still Hollywood’s hottest couple,’ a fan added. Both Ben and Jennifer have close relationships with their respective mothers, with Jennifer often paying tribute to her mum Guadalupe Rodríguez on social media, and it was recently reported that Guadalupe is ‘thrilled’ that she and Ben are back together. ‘In the past, Jennifer’s mom and Ben were very close,’ a source previously told People. ‘Guadalupe loved Ben. She was sad when they couldn’t work things out years ago. She is thrilled that they are back together now.’ The source added that it’s ‘very important’ for any partner of Jennifer’s to get on well with her mother because the two women are ‘very close.’ Meanwhile, Ben’s mother Chris was pictured with the couple last year as they went to see Hamilton with their families, so she obviously fully approves of Bennifer 2.0. Jen recently delighted fans by sharing details about her engagement to Ben, after he popped the question while she was in the bath. In a video message to her fans, J-Lo revealed: ‘Did you ever imagine your biggest dream could come true? Saturday night while at my favourite place on earth (in the bubble bath), my beautiful love got on one knee and proposed. ‘I was taken totally off guard and just looked in his eyes smiling and crying at the same time trying hard to get my head around the fact that after 20 years this was happening all over again, I was quite literally speechless and he said, “is that a yes?” I said YES of course that’s a YES.’ Jennifer added: ‘I was smiling so big and tears were coming down my face, feeling so incredibly happy and whole. ‘It was nothing fancy at all, but it was the most romantic thing I could’ve ever imagined… just a quiet Saturday night at home, two people promising to always be there for each other. ‘Two very lucky people. Who got a second chance at true love.’ The couple got engaged in 2003 after meeting on the set of Gigli but later parted ways, before getting back together in April 2021 and becoming engaged for a second time a year later. Jennifer shares 14-year-old twins Emme and Max with ex-husband Marc Anthony while Ben has daughters Violet, 16 and Seraphina, 13, and son Samuel, 10, with ex-wife Jennifer Garner. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck enjoy sunny lunch date after he denies previously using Raya app to message Selling Sunset star MORE : Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck eye up $165,000,000 mansion as they announce engagement