Fabian Edwards is on standby to step in and fight Gegard Mousasi for the Bellator middleweight title should Johnny Eblen withdraw from their fight this summer. The Birmingham contender endured a deeply frustrating 18 months where he suffered the first two defeats of his professional career, having to wait for the chance to bounce back with his next two fights postponed. Edwards was made to wait for his chance to set the record straight but did so in stunning fashion at Bellator 281 in London last week, blasting out fight legend Lyoto Machida inside one round to underline his explosive ambition of becoming world champion. The 29-year-old feels the opportunity to achieve that is closer than ever. One more victory should have him in the picture to challenge Mousasi, who first puts his title on the line against undefeated American Eblen on 24 June. But any changes to that plan could see Edwards’ shot come sooner than expected. ‘If Johnny pulls out in June and Bellator come around and offer it to me I will jump straight in there,’ Edwards told Metro.co.uk. ‘I fancy my chances of beating the champion right now. Stylistically, he is the perfect match for me.’ Last week’s victory in the capital was undoubtedly the biggest of Edwards career. While Machida is 43 years old and was on a three-fight losing streak, Edwards became the first man in Bellator to stop him with the Brazilian going the distance with current and former champions in Mousasi, Phil Davis and Ryan Bader in those recent losses. Edwards has demanded respect for his latest victory and will expect the same should he dethrone Mousasi. ‘I don’t see much of a decline in Mousasi,’ Edwards said. ‘Looking at him, he is still performing at the same levels he was in the UFC in my eyes. His game has never really changed and I don’t see him slowing down. ‘So when I go out there and beat him, I don’t want to be hearing anything about him being past his best. I am hoping he holds onto the title in June and I get the chance to take it off him. ‘It is like it’s been with Machida, I don’t want to be hearing I wouldn’t have beaten him when he was younger. Mousasi hasn’t lost in years, I will be beating the best version of him. I feel he is still one of the top middleweights in the world.’ ‘Beating Machida, it would have been the same result had it been anyone else in there. I was suffering, I had the two losses and two back-to-back fights cancelled. Going though camps without fights, it was frustrating and someone was going to get it.’ Edwards is hopeful of fighting for the title before the year is out with John Salter and Austin Vanderford, the two men ahead of him in the Bellator rankings, firmly in his sights. A meeting with Vanderford would also represent the opportunity to avenge his unanimous decision defeat to the American in May last year. ‘I would like to be back in July and have one more before the year is out,’ Edwards continued. ‘I have seen John Salter shouting my name, if beating him gets me the title fight, so be it. But if not, the rematch with Vanderford is good for me. ‘I don’t want to take a random fight at this point. At the end of the day, I am here to win titles and bring more security for me, my family and the people around me. I want a legacy and I have already started building that.’ All European Bellator shows in 2022 will be live on BBC Three and BBC iPlayer. US Bellator shows will be live on BBC iPlayer and fans can catch up on the US action with the new BBC Three Bellator highlights show MORE : ‘I would put myself in the same situation’ – Michael ‘Venom’ Page sends his support to Yaroslav Amosov with Bellator champion fighting in Ukraine MORE : Justin Gaethje slams ‘BS’ excuses as Charles Oliveira is stripped of UFC lightweight title after failing to make weight For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 