A rumour suggesting Amber Heard quoted lines from the 1999 movie The Talented Mr Ripley has been branded false. In Thursday’s testimony the Aquaman actress sobbed after she alleged that her ex-husband Johnny Depp penetrated her with a bottle during a tense argument, and threatened to kill her. After the video circulated online, Heard was accused of using lines from the psychological thriller and referenced the scene where Gwyneth Paltrow’s character Marge Duval talks about Dickie (Jude Law). According to the multiple screenshots shared online, Heard had said: ‘When I was around Johnny I felt like the most beautiful person in the world. ‘You know, made me feel seen, made me feel… like a million dollars. It felt like a dream. It felt like, um, absolute magic and then he would disappear. And there would be just no way to get ahold of him, no way to contact him.’ Following the growing speculation, fact-checking website Snopes.com strongly stressed that the claims were false. The publication report read: ‘The claim that Heard repeated these lines from The Talented Mr Ripley was presented on social media with no evidence. ‘Those asserting it did not share a video of Heard making the alleged statement, nor did they link to any news articles containing this quote or a transcript from the trial that would substantiate the accusation.’ The Edward Scissorhands star is suing his ex-wife for libel and seeking $50million (£39m) in damages, over an op-ed she wrote for the Washington Post in 2018. Following her bombshell testimony, Depp’s spokesperson released a statement, describing her time on the stand as ‘the performance of her life’. ‘As Mr Depp’s counsel correctly predicted in their opening statements last month, Ms Heard did indeed deliver “the performance of her life” in her direct examination,’ they said. In the piece, she discussed being a victim of domestic violence but did not mention her former partner’s name. Although Depp was not named, his team argued that it implies she was physically and sexually abused by him during their marriage – something he has denied. The trial continues. Metro.co.uk has contacted Amber Heard’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp’s ex-fiancé Jennifer Grey reacts to Amber Heard defamation trial: ‘It breaks my heart’ MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Amber Heard ‘shudders’ as she comes face-to-face with actor after emotional abuse testimony 