Roman Kemp doesn’t reckon he’s cut out for a long career in the entertainment industry, admitting he wants to ‘retire young.’ The Capital radio host, 29, says he wants to quit showbiz in five years, as being a ‘celebrity’ much longer doesn’t appeal to him. Roman has grown up with an understanding of what it’s like to be in the limelight, since his dad is Spandau Ballet guitarist Martin Kemp, and his godfather George Michael. However, the I’m A Celebrity camp mate is ‘terrified’ of spending all his time wanting to be liked by people. Roman, who is set to host The Platinum Party At The Palace on June 4 to celebrate the Queen’s 70-year Jubilee, very openly admitted that he isn’t in his line of work for fame and fortune, but simply so he can have the security to pack in work while he’s still young. The star told MailOnline: ‘When I was a child, I was fortunate to see fame at the level of big people in terms of my godfather and my parents. ‘You have one level being my mum and dad, which is being recognised at restaurants and all those types of things but then fame at George Michael’s level, I wouldn’t want that ever.’ He continued: ‘If my children one day wanted to become an artist I would back them but personally that level of fame doesn’t appeal. ‘I am not doing this job to become famous; I know for a fact it doesn’t interest me. ‘The reason I work, and my agent knows this, and my mum and dad know this, the only reason I’m doing it is because I want to retire as a young person.’ Roman added that he doesn’t want to ‘spend my life on a tiny island that is the UK trying to get people to like me.’ ‘I want to get to the point where I start a family and do what I want to do. I want to be a stay-at-home dad and open a dog sanctuary.’ Roman, who’s been at the helm of the Capital breakfast show for five years now, even admitted to envying other radio stars like Nick Grimshaw, who recently stepped back from BBC Radio 1. He said he frequently questions whether his busy lifestyle of early starts and long hours is ‘healthy,’ saying he’s ‘so jealous’ of newly-engaged Nick for being able to enjoy a change of pace. Roman said the past five years have ‘gone by in an instant’ as he recalled securing the gig and asking Grimmy for advice. ‘I remember when I first got the gig, I spoke to Nick Grimshaw, and I said, “What am I in for?” He said, “It’s tough but it’s the most fun you will ever have.” I can only say that he’s right,’ he shared. ‘I am so jealous of Nick’s life now because he’s having so much fun, he’s doing whatever he wants, he looks so happy, and he looks healthy. I can see the benefits of not doing a radio show.’ The much-loved star was forced to take a ‘realistic’ look at his lifestyle, admitting he’s constantly grappling with his life being ‘monotonous’ life and feeling like he’s ‘on this constant treadmill.’ However, Roman is still very much enjoying his time at Capital and strives for a ‘decade on air at least,’ which will surely be music to the ears of listeners. Roman started working with Capital in 2014, starting on the evening show before landing the flagship breakfast show job in 2017. He took over from Dave Berry, who moved to Absolute Radio, and the new line-up was completed by Vick Hope and Sonny Jay. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jodie Foster lands role in True Detective as she returns to regular TV role for the first time since 1974 MORE : The One Show: Jeff Goldblum reveals he ‘wept’ watching ‘moving’ Jurassic World 3 while heaping praise on co-stars Laura Dern and Sam Neill 