A 26-year-old man died from a complication caused by the AstraZeneca vaccine after a doctor gave him outdated information. Jack Hurn’s GP told him there was a one in 250,000 chance he would develop a blood clot from the jab when the likelihood was actually much lower at one in 50,000. At the time, under-40s were supposed to be offered an alternative to the AstraZenca shot because younger people are more at risk of developing problems with it. However, people are able to choose to receive the jab if their decision is properly informed. Mr Hurn, from Redditch in Worcestershire, went to get inoculated on May 29 last year but the Revival Fires vaccination hub, in Dudley, had run out of its Pfrizer stock. So the automotive design graduate decided to go ahead and accept the AstraZeneca vaccine. He became ill within eight days and had to go to hospital for emergency surgery. Despite this, he died on June 11 – just under two weeks after getting the jab. Birmingham’s coroner Emma Brown recorded a narrative verdict on Friday. She said: ‘It is agreed that Jack was told the risk was one in 250,000. There can be no doubt that he took that on board. ‘At that time the Joint Committee in Vaccines and Immunisation had advised that it was preferable that adults under 40 without underlying conditions be offered an alternative to the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine. ‘But people could make an informed choice to receive the AstraZeneca vaccine for earlier protection. ‘Jack was not given all of the information to make an informed choice. In particular the risk of complications for his age group was understated.’ Mr Hurn’s family said: ‘Jack was our world. Our family will never be complete without him and we are still struggling to come to terms with his death. ‘All Jack wanted to do in life was to be the model son, model brother, loyal partner, best friend to many, a good citizen and to be the best person in whatever he did. ‘I think we can say as parents that in his 26 years he achieved all of that and that he did it with an abundance of civility, humbleness, courtesy, but tinged with the fantastic sense of humour he had which to anyone who knew him was legendary. ‘People were drawn to Jack, there were no barriers with him and he made people from every walk of life feel special. ‘His dream of a family to raise and be a good dad to has been cruelly taken away. ‘This week’s inquest, although painful, has helped us to understand more about the circumstances around what happened both at the vaccine clinic and at the hospitals in Redditch and Birmingham. ‘But it is clear that there were failings, delays and inconsistencies which meant Jack was not given the level of care we would have wanted him to receive.’ A spokesman for NHS England in the Midlands said: ‘Our sincere condolences are with Jack Hurn’s family and friends for the tragic loss that they have suffered, and we recognise how difficult it will have been to relive the events this week. ‘A number of immediate actions were taken as a result of the incident, and we will continue to work with our partners in respect to the coroner’s findings.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.