Cycling is one of the greenest modes of transport and one of the most functional forms of exercise. There are plenty of benefits to be reaped – but it seems women are missing out. According to new research, nearly half of the women in the study wanted to take up cycling, but were worried about their personal safety while on a bike. Other offputting factors were dangers on the road and a lack of cycling infrastructure. Many cited ‘significant barriers’ that stop them from enjoying bike riding, such as a lack of daylight hours in the winter season. Bott and Co, who carried out the research, found that 90% of women don’t own a bike, and of those who do only 16% cycle daily and 18% do so once a week. A significant 49% want to own a bike, but feel discouraged. Judith, a 56-year-old international cyclist, thinks this is a shame. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘The best things about riding a bike? The freedom it gives you, the social aspect of it, switching off from “real life”, the sense of achievement of climbing a big hill or doing a big ride. ‘It makes me feel alive, especially when then sun is out and I am out with my husband or friends.’ But even she, a professional, felt reluctant to ride during lockdown, not wanting to risk having an accident at the time of a global health crisis. ‘I didn’t want to put pressure on the NHS if I had an accident,’ she says. Other things that kept her off the bike included her weight, her busy schedule, and feeling she’d lost her ‘mojo’. Weight and fitness was another common reason women felt cycling wasn’t accessible. Fears around safely – especially when riding alone – are valid. Judith recommends newbies find a group to ride with, which can be a good way in to feeling more confident on a bike. While cycling has become more popular in recent years, a gender divide remains, according to the research. Around a quarter of women surveyed had gone as long as at least two years without touching a bike, and 10% had gone a decade. In 2019, statistics revealed men made three times more cycle trips than women and in 2020 this fell to twice as many, but there is still a clear imbalance. Bott and Co have now launched a club finding tool along with a campaign called She Can Ride to help female cyclists connect with others – hoping to elevate some of those safety concerns. Dame Sarah Storey, a British Paralympic athlete in cycling, believes ‘a greater level of attention needs to be paid to driver education and awareness.’ She says: ‘The experience of lockdown showed that when there’s less vehicle traffic more people will cycle, which further backs the need to ensure drivers are made aware that it’s not cycles contributing to congestion but other people driving.’ Ultimately, a culture shift needs to occur for women to feel safer cycling on the streets. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Family save £3,500 a year by ditching their car for walking and cycling MORE : Our picks of the best gear you need for cycling from helmets to bike locks MORE : The best urban bikes for cycling around town – for every budget