Love Island 2022 is officially around the corner with the first batch of contestants confirmed for series 8 of the beloved ITV2 dating show. So far, 10 singletons have been revealed to be heading into the brand new Majorcan villa, including footballer Michael Owen’s daughter Gemma Owen. This year’s edition will make history too with model and dancer Tasha Ghouri confirmed as the first-ever deaf participant. With just days to go until launch night, let’s take a look at the sizzling hot contestants set to keep us entertained on Love Island series 8. Age: 24 Job: Paramedic Location: Swansea Paige Thorne has struggled to find anyone in her hometown. ‘I need to break out and broaden my horizons and Love Island just brings everyone together for me,’ she says. Age: 26 Job: Senior Microbiologist Location: Dublin ‘Love Island is a different experience, I will be talking to different girls, it might not go well with some, might go well with others, so it’s a fun experience,’ Dami Hope enthuses. Age: 23 Job: Hotel Waitress Location: London So, what’s Indiyah Polack’s type on paper? ‘Everyone I’ve dated have all been quite different,’ she reveals. ‘I don’t think I have ever been out with two guys who are quite the same.’ Age: 22 Job: Masters Student Location: Newport ‘I think Love Island is a great opportunity to meet someone, you’re in with a load of different types, so you can get to grips with what you really like about people,’ Liam Llewellyn says. Age: 23 Job: Model & Dancer Location: Thirsk Tasha Ghouri is making history as Love Island’s first deaf contestant. ‘My dating life has been a shambles,’ she admits. ‘This is an opportunity for me to find ‘the one’ and have a great summer at the same time.’ Age: 27 Job: Business Owner Location: Manchester (via Rome, Italy) Davide Sanclimenti reckons he’s going to be the Italian stallion in the villa. ‘With my Italian charm, I can also be a very romantic guy,’ he says. ‘I’m good looking and I’ve realised since I first arrived in Manchester, a lot of English girls actually love me. They love to be around me and I love to be around them.’ Age: 19 Job: International Dressage Rider and Business Owner Location: Chester Footballer Michael Owen’s daughter, Gemma Owen, is heading into the Majorcan villa this summer. She admits she’s very competitive and always goes for what she wants when it comes to romance. ‘But at the same time, I’m not going to mess up something for someone who is in a proper relationship or get in the way of a couple if they have a genuine connection,’ she adds. ‘I wouldn’t do anything to another girl that I wouldn’t be happy with them doing to me.’ Age: 23 Job: Pharmaceutical Sales Location: Nottingham Ikenna Ekwonna has only been in one past relationship but reckons he’s at the age where he could find someone. ‘Hopefully, I’m going to bring spontaneity and excitement [to the villa], he enthuses. Age: 27 Job: Real Estate Agent Location: Guernsey Andrew Le Page is heading into the Love Island villa because he’s ‘actually single for once’. ‘When I’m with someone I’m very loyal, I’m a good boyfriend as when I’m with someone I’m all for them,’ he insists. Age: 24 Job: Nanny Location: London Amber Beckford decided to sign up for this year’s Love Island because now ‘just feels like the right time’. ‘I feel like now I’m most definitely ready, and wanting to look for a boyfriend,’ she says. Age: 23 Job: Fishmonger Location: Brighton Luca Bish will only make a move if he’s genuinely interested. ‘If I think you’re the one or I like you, I’ll take you out on a date,’ he shares. ‘But other than that, if we talk and I don’t like where it’s going – then I won’t be throwing out dates.’ Love Island starts Monday June 6 at 9pm on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 