James Acaster made quite the comparison between Squid Game and Celebrity Mastermind after appearing in front of host Clive Myrie. The comedian, whose topic of choice was ‘the history of ice cream’, managed to gain three points on his unique subject in the first round, with answers like ‘Creamy Boys’ and ‘Monsieur Ice Cream,’ before comparing his situation to being in Squid Game. The South Korean survival drama sees hundreds of cash-strapped players accept an invitation to compete in children’s games with a deadly twist – not quite the same as answering on Haagen-Dazs or Ben & Jerry’s. Yet James was still maintained his appearance on the BBC One quiz show was ‘the highlight of [his] life.’ However, when Clive asked him if this was something he’d wanted to take part in for a while, James replied: ‘No. I don’t think I want to do it now. ‘But I will keep this conversation going as long as I can, hoping to run out of the clock and we can all go home.’ ‘The psychological games you’re playing on us are pretty hardcore, you could hear a pin drop in here, it’s absolutely silent. ‘You’re putting the spotlights on us, it’s like some Squid Game stuff,’ the comedian joked. While James tried to distract Clive and his fellow competitors Michelle Gayle, Jean Johansson and Charlotte Worthington with his Netflix reference, viewers were still focused on his ice cream answers, as many were left in hysterics. ‘Absolutely crying how James Acaster has picked the history of ice cream as his specialist subject,’ one penned, while another commented that the comedian not knowing ‘any of the answers is about to become a new meme.’ Later in the programme, James took his comparisons further, likening Celebrity Mastermind to his time on Celebrity Bake Off. ‘Similar situation to this, Bake Off,’ he said. ‘I didn’t do any prep, turned up and all hell broke loose. ‘Paul Hollywood’s going around, looking at you with some sexy eyes and that’s distracting. ‘My flapjacks came out more like a porridge. ‘The only consolation was that I knew Paul Hollywood had to eat it. ‘That was funny, watching him trying to eat the food,’ he added. Celebrity Mastermind is available to watch on BBCiPlayer. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Lycett ‘apologises’ after cheeky ploy to use James Acaster to sell more tickets to show MORE : James Acaster is stirring a lot of feelings as he appears in Cinderella trailer alongside James Corden 