An angry Land Rover customer has taken matters into his own hands over a warranty dispute. Michael Cox has left a fleet of vehicles daubed with slogans criticising the company outside a dealership in Cardiff. The 36-year-old parked his Range Rover, a van, a caravan and other vehicles around the outlet more than three weeks ago amid a row with the company. He claims Land Rover has not honoured a £2,000 a year extended warrant on a car he bought from the dealership in 2018. Mr Cox said he has had a number of problems with the eight-year-old Range Rover Vogue SE, including a total engine failure last year, despite it only having 42,000 miles on the clock. He has threatened to turn take his protest convoy to the company’s bases around the company unless they give him what he wants. Mr Cox fumed: ‘I told Land Rover’s head office, I’m going to move it around all your dealerships and make a point, because what you’re doing is wrong. ‘I’ve had to send that car into the dealer eight times because of the coolant problem, the engine has gone bang because of the coolant problem and they’re trying to blame me. ‘It’s not like I’ve taken it to a back street garage, I’ve brought it back to the main dealer. ‘They need to stop messing people around and instead give them the service that they expect to get. ‘In my case, they are just trying to backpedal now and are using excuses. It’s ridiculous.” The company says it is investigating the case, while the Cardiff dealership did not comment. Mr Cox says he has since received an injunction ordering him to move the vehicles by Saturday. They have been there for three weeks. Despite the threat of legal action, he says friends and strangers want to join in with the protest, including the offer of a 40-foot trailer. A spokesperson for Land Rover said: ‘Land Rover always aims to provide the best customer service. ‘We’re currently investigating this case and are in regular contact with the customer concerned.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.