The first banknote to ever feature a picture of the Queen will be auctioned to mark the Platinum Jubilee. A five shilling note issued in Bermuda, dated October 20, 1952, the year the Queen came to the throne, could fetch up to £500. It is just one of 500 historic banknotes, all of which feature a portrait of the reigning monarch, which will go under the hammer at Noonans Auctioneers in Mayfair, London tomorrow. A £5 note from 1971 in a leather wallet which was presented to a former deputy governor of the Bank of England could fetch more than £5,000. It was presented to Sir Jasper Quintus Hollom, who was the Bank of England’s chief cashier between 1962 and 1966 and then its deputy governor between 1979 and 1980. A ten shilling note issued by the Bank of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, now Zimbabwe and Botswana, dated May 27, 1957 is expected to sell for around £700. A $100 note from Belize from the 1980s is estimated to sell for £1,800, an Australian $5 specimen note from the 1990s is expected to fetch at least £1,000 and a $5 note from the British Caribbean Territories should ‘easily’ sell for more than £1,000. Coins from every country where banknotes featuring the Queen will go under the hammer — including Fiji, Cyprus, New Zealand and the Falkland Islands. Each note will be issued with its own bespoke commemorative sale label at the auction held by Noonan’s in central London. The auction catalogue will be a collectors piece in its own right and will contain full listings for each and every note, alongside complete discussions of every engraved portrait of the Queen that has ever appeared on a banknote. This includes details of the jewellery she wore and the original photographs that inspired the engravers. Many of the portraits are very famous, and include the Annigoni portrait of 1972, which was painted to mark The Queen and Prince Phillip’s silver wedding anniversary, and the Dorothy Wilding photographs, which were taken just three weeks after she came to the throne in 1952. The auction’s expert-in-charge, Thomasina Smith said: ‘We are delighted to be holding this sale to coincide with the celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. ‘No other monarch has featured on such a wide range of notes from such a huge range of countries. ‘Not only do they depict her through all 70 years of her reign, but stylistically they are a wonderful works of art showing the progression and history of the banknote. ‘The sale will feature banknotes from all corners of the Commonwealth and there will be examples from every country on which the portrait of the Queen has appeared.’ Noonans auctioneers specialise in coins, medals, banknotes and jewellery and the collection is titled The Platinum Jubilee Collection. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.