Crystal Palace’s performance against Everton last night has strengthened Jurgen Klopp’s belief that Aston Villa will do all they can upset Manchester City’s planned title party on Sunday. Liverpool’s Merseyside rivals came from 2-0 down at Goodison Park last night to record a victory which guaranteed their Premier League status for another season. The Reds head into this weekend’s Premier League finale hoping for a favour from Villa who have little to play for other than pride against a City side who will retain the title with a victory. Klopp, however, is confident the Midlands side will give their all regardless of Steven Gerrard’s Liverpool allegiances and also took the time to credit Everton for what, ultimately, proved to be an impressive act of escapology. He said: ‘Congrats by the ay for Everton for staying in the league. But [Crystal Palace] are a good example that everyone plays to win. ‘Aston Villa will play to win. It is a difficult place to go [Manchester City]. I am not concerned about that game. It’s disrespectful to Wolves. They will come here and want to win.’ ‘If I could play a game to help Dortmund or Mainz it would mean for me an extra motivation. ‘But I’m not playing and Stevie isn’t playing. It is a shame that Stevie is not playing more than I am not playing. ‘We’re all human beings. Stevie will take it seriously without me calling him or whatever. Probably the rest of the club has done already, but I didn’t.’ On the pitch invasion that followed Everton’s victory, meanwhile, Klopp added:  ‘It could have been dangerous. I’m not sure how you avoid that. ‘I don’t want to judge. I understand emotions but for the other team it’s massively uncomfortable. ‘I really hope we learn from that. We should make sure absolutely nothing happens. People threaten themselves by jumping over. ‘We can celebrate things without threatening ourselves and the opponent.’  MORE : Jurgen Klopp rates Liverpool’s title chances after beating Southampton MORE : Jurgen Klopp explains Sadio Mane and Trent Alexander-Arnold absences vs Southampton For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 