If you move into this £1,800-a-month rental with your pals, you’ll need to move fast to call dibs on your dwelling. The luxurious three-bedroom flat in Woolwich isn’t half bad… apart from one room. The apartment is located on the new Elizabeth Line, less than 15 minutes from central London. It has a massive TV in an open-plan living room and a brand new kitchen. Two large windows come complete with storage and a feature window and there is straight access to a garden. It has two bathrooms but the ever sky-rocketing energy bills are not included in the rent. The furnished flat is looking for long-term tenants for a minimum of a year. So far, so good – but then you see the strangely narrow bedroom, with space only for a single bed. The building, in Woolwich, south London, used to be Woolwich’s magistrates court. It was built in 1912 and it is Grade II listed. It has two double rooms alongside a single room and the apartment is walking distance from shops and transportation. The OpenRent listing suggests the tiny room could be used as a study space or a bedroom, noting it comes fitted with a single bed and wardrobe. As you’d expect, people online have made fun of the space. One person said: ‘Prisoners in Sweden live better than Londoners.’ While another joked: ‘You’re doing 20 years for £1.8k a month.” The advert says: ‘This beautiful apartment consists of two double rooms and one single room which can be used as a study room or bedroom. ‘It has its own single bed and double wardrobe. ‘This conversion is furnished to the highest standard with a leather sofa, high ceilings, huge entrance hall, wood flooring, newly fitted kitchen and bathroom with white brick feature walls as well as a utility room and additional storage. ‘This beautiful apartment is full of character and definitely worth a view.’ Hey, maybe the bedroom could work for someone who doesn’t mind a tight squeeze. Or if a group of pals with one single friend wants to make that friend feel really, really single, they can move in here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Derelict’ property unoccupied for 60 years is on the market for £350,000 MORE : Two-bed property in France up for sale at £40,000 – and it would make a great holiday home MORE : Homeowners reveal their property search dealbreakers