A drunk binman who was arrested for swerving all over the road tried to blame his dodgy driving on a pigeon which flew into his car. Matthew Awford, 32, narrowly missed mowing down two pedestrians when he lost control of his Ford Focus and mounted a kerb. Police arrested him and a breath test revealed he had 137mcg of alcohol per 100ml of breath — almost four times the legal limit. Awford, who had a 13-year-old boy in the car with him, claimed he careered off the road when he was distracted by a pigeon which flew through an open window. Awford, of Lower Broadheath, Worcestershire, admitted drink driving when he appeared at Worcester Magistrates’ Court. Holly Sims, prosecuting, told the court he was spotted driving erratically in Croft Road, Worcester, on March 27. She said: ‘Another driver became so concerned about the manner of Awford’s driving that she dialled 999. ‘As she drove along Bromyard Road near the junction with Broadway Grove in St John’s, the car remained stationary even though the lights had changed. ‘When the woman beeped her horn, Awford was described as making aggressive gestures towards her. ‘She described him “speeding off around the corner, nearly on two wheels and on the wrong side of the road, clipping the kerb”. ‘The defendant mounted the kerb again, narrowly missing two males on the
pavement.’ The witness described a bird flying into the car through the driver’s window. Ms Sims added: ‘The vehicle braked, coming to a virtual stop, and then sped up. ‘He continued swerving from lane to lane.’ Police saw Awford’s car and chased him into a dead-end where he tried to evade officers. Ms Sims said: ‘He attempted to hide by parking the vehicle on a private driveway. ‘When he was arrested Mr Awford refused to provide details and was slurring his words.’ The court heard it was Awford’s second drink-driving offence in 10 years. He also has convictions for failing to stop after an accident, failing to report and careless driving. Mark Turnbull, defending, said he had drunk alcohol the day before after being told his father had terminal pancreatic cancer. He added: ‘When asked how he was coping, he said “not well”. Certainly at the time he wasn’t coping. ‘He doesn’t remember much about the detail. He does remember a pigeon flying in his car. That might explain some of the swerving and braking.’ Magistrates sentenced Awford to eight weeks in prison suspended for 12 months and banned him from driving for 48 months. They also ordered him to complete 15 rehabilitation activity requirement days, 150 hours of unpaid work and pay costs of £135 with a victim surcharge of £34. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.