A British Transport Police officer sacked over his incessant sexist behaviour sexually harassed one colleague and told another he was aroused while reading about the sexual assault of a 17-year-old girl, a tribunal has heard. In a string of incidents spanning ten years, Chief Inspector Paul Crouch smelled his female colleague’s hair and rubbed his thighs in her presence. He claimed another woman in the force was promoted because of her gender and sexuality and commented on a third colleague’s weight and attractiveness, the hearing was told. The London-based officer also twice made ‘sexual’ comments about a senior female officer behind her back. Other incidents included his habit of putting pictures of celebrities he found attractive up on his office wall, keeping a list of female colleagues he found attractive, and claiming a recruitment panel was unfair because it was all-female. Crouch was fired after being found guilty of gross misconduct at a tribunal in Camden on Friday. He tried to prevent publication of his name by claiming could be picked on at football matches if other fans found out he was a police officer. The anonymity request was initially granted by the tribunal’s chair but it was overturned after an appeal by the force. Detective Superintendent Peter Fulton, Head of BTP’s Professional Standards Department, said: ‘Tackling inappropriate sexual behaviour is BTP’s number one priority, whether that is on the railway network or within our own workforce. ‘Officers like Paul Crouch completely undermine our efforts and we are determined to root people like him out, because there’s absolutely no place for sexualised or discriminatory behaviour within British Transport Police. ‘I would like to personally thank the colleagues who came forward and provided such compelling evidence which was crucial in holding Crouch to account. ‘We will always support anyone who tells us about witnessing or experiencing this sort of behaviour, because without them it goes unchecked. Referring to the successful appeal against the anonymity order, DS Fulton added: ‘It is absolutely vital that we are open, transparent, and accountable if we are to restore public confidence in policing.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.