Sheri Scott managed to turn a boring, beige Glasgow flat into something spectacular – all by prioritising joy when it came to doing up her interiors. Most of us would like to do the same, right? We’d all love to return home to somewhere that makes us feel great – that works for our lifestyles and boosts our mood the moment we walk through the door. We’re not suggesting that everyone copies Sheri’s interiors style, but we could all learn from her approach to turning a house into a home – and making it a load of fun in the process. So, we asked for her top DIY tips on packing your home full of joy. Here’s what she said. Don’t just stick to scrolling Instagram or flicking through interior design magazines. Keep your eyes open for anything that looks fantastic to you. Sheri’s living room, for example, was inspired by an old bus. ‘My living room was a beautiful situation where everything comes into place – it was inspired by these Glasgow Caledonian buses that have this creamy green and orange,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I always thought that was so beautiful.’ When Sheri moved in, she just knew that the first thing she needed to do was paint the living room – despite her mum being a bit baffled by her plans. Listen to that voice inside you that tells you what to prioritise, what you love, and what you really want. ‘For a home to be joyful, it does need to be organised,’ says Sheri. ‘No one’s going to feel joy if they’re flustered. ‘Organisation is key. And if you can’t organise, ask for help.’ A look around Sheri’s home quickly reveal she’s a fan of orange – ‘to me, it’s a neutral,’ she says. But how do you find your colour? How do you know if you’re a neutrals person or want to go all-pink? Sheri suggests doing a bit of an experiment. Go out and about – to bars, restaurants, paint shops – and just look at what colours you’re drawn to. ‘Don’t think about what matches whatever room or what goes together,’ Sheri recommends. ‘Literally just pick up colours you like. ‘You will naturally start to pick up more of one tone or another tone.’ Don’t worry about how these are going to ‘work’ in your house. Find colours you love first and go from there. ‘Lighting can be so much fun,’ Sheri tells us. ‘I love lamps. Especially when you’re a renter, lamps are great because you can take them with you wherever. ‘Plus, anyone who always has the big light on scares me.’ You know what isn’t joyful? Doing up your home then being constantly anxious about how much money you’ve spent. Understand how much you can really afford to spend on your renovation, and be prepared for added costs. ‘I wish that I had known how expensive kitchens were,’ says Sheri. Make the process of doing up your home fun, and you really will feel it in the end results. Go into DIY with a sense of experimentation, with textures, shapes, and colour your three main areas to play with. Having a dream of how you want your home to look is great, but try to stay flexible. What you have on your moodboard might not work for your space, or you might start painting and realise that actually, something else feels and looks way better. ‘Don’t get too fixated in your mood board, because it can just end up as loads of other people’s ideas,’ Sheri recommends. ‘Look at the broad strokes of things and fill in your own blanks. ‘It’s about finding a way to make something your own. ‘My moodboard for my kitchen was literally four pictures, like 80s video games, Mondrian, and McDonald’s. Just go with it.’ Don’t panic about panicking. DIY transformations are a load of fun, but they’re also exhausting, physically and mentally. ‘It’s natural to be overwhelmed when you make any big decisions or any changes are happening in your life,’ notes Sheri. ‘Reassure yourself and remember why you’ve made the decisions you have. ‘Give yourself the kindness and compassion that you deserve.’ Sheri says: ‘Let yourself have the joy. It may be you’re questioning yourself because you’re worried about what other people are going to think, but it’s your home. ‘Be as wild and as mad as you want – you’re living here, no one else.’ ‘My kitchen takes me to a mental place I need to be in the kitchen,’ explains Sheri. ‘My wardrobe puts me in a space I need to make a cool outfit. My living room makes me feel comfy and warm.’ Have a think about how you want to feel in each room, and base your design decisions around that. ‘I love buying second-hand and vintage pieces because they are treasures from the past – they all have a story,’ Sheri tells us. ‘The joy is in the hunt as well.’ She’s a big fan of Ebay and saved searches. Have a dig around and see what you fine. Sheri says: ‘I love baskets  – I have one for everything, for masks and sunglasses, for chargers, for snacks. ‘When I discovered ADHD TikTok, one of the main things I learned was that you should have a home for everything – which made so much sense, because my house was just piles of doom and I needed organisation. ‘So, I took everything out of my kitchen and put it into organisation piles. ‘There were 27 piles, so I realised I needed 27 cupboards.’ One of Sheri’s favourite things in her home? An instant hot-water tap for teas. ‘A neurodivergent thing is that you don’t drink enough water – you just forget to drink,’ she says. ‘The hot tap has been amazing because it’s made me get into herbal teas. ‘It prompts me to make something to eat too, because when I’m just paralysed on the couch I know I can make noodles in literally minutes because you’re not waiting for the kettle to boil. ‘I can’t recommend a hot tap more.’ What’s your hot tap – that thing that would make your life a little bit easier and better? Work that out and invest in it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Transform your drab garden path with a DIY patio stencil design MORE : Why are we in a DIY culture boom? MORE : Woman creates amazing DIY garden decking for £100 using free wooden pallets