Rylan Clark has defended DJ and close friend Scott Mills, telling those who are criticising the latter’s presenting style on social media to ‘lay off’. Scott has been standing in for Radio 2’s Ken Bruce this week as the 71-year-old enjoys a well-deserved break from the show he has fronted for 34 years. DJ Scott, 49, has his own weekday radio show on Radio One, and he hosts the official charts show on a Friday. Some Radio 2 listeners have complained about him standing in for Ken, with a few venting their irritation at him supposedly plugging his own show too many times during the two-and-a-half-hour slot. Rylan was having absolutely none of it, taking to Twitter to fire off: ‘Scott Mills is an amazing radio host and I’m loving hearing him on our @BBCRadio2. He’s also one of the gooduns. Lay off x.’ Comedian Jayde Adams also weighed in, sharing a snap of herself with Scott and writing:  ‘It’s a @scott_mills appreciation day is it? Let me lay my hat down, I ADORE HIM. ‘When we did the #Eurovision podcast, he took me under his wing and I had the best time. He’s at the top of his game and frankly British radio doesn’t exist without him! Well done on @BBCRadio2 babes.’ Scott sweetly replied to her tweet with a simple ‘LOVE YOU’ and a heart emoji. This prompted many fans to share their love for former Strictly star Scott, with one commenting: ‘Scott Mills is one of the best radio presenters in the country. Consistently great at what he does, funny and steers the national conversation. Go Scott.’ Another added: ‘Scott Mills has been very candid about his mental health in the past and done a lot to support talking openly about it. ‘To see him trending, with people being plain nasty about him is such a shame. Your words impact people. Ken Bruce would be equally disgusted by it.’ Another said: ‘I see Scott Mills is getting a hammering from a load of folk, which is really unfair. Bloke does 2.5 hours live on Radio 2, then segues effortlessly into his Radio 1 persona and does another 2.5 hours. ‘I’m not saying it’s hard graft, but it takes talent in bucket loads.’ Ken is expected to return to Radio 2 on Monday, May 30, according to the BBC. Meanwhile, Rylan and Scott recently hosted the Eurovision semi-finals together on BBC Three. The Strictly: It Takes Two presenter also attended Scott’s engagement party back in January, after Scott announced he got engaged to partner Sam Vaughn in October last year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2022: Rylan Clark ‘did more crying’ over Sam Ryder’s incredible result than iconic X Factor scene MORE : Eurovision 2022: Switzerland’s Marius Bear admits he was ‘scared’ of Rylan Clark when they first met – but they’re already planning a night out MORE : Scott Mills convinced Eurovision star Sam Ryder is ‘the new Adele’ 