Keir Starmer has been accused of ‘hypocrisy’ as he faces a police investigation. The Labour leader was reported over footage which emerged of him drinking beer with colleagues in April last year. Durham Constabulary is looking into claims the event was in breach of social distancing regulations in place at the time. They say ‘significant new information’ had spurred the investigation. Cabinet minister Nadhim Zahawi is among Conservative critics calling for Sir Keir’s resignation. She told Times Radio: ‘We’ve got to let the police carry out their investigation and that’s only right and responsible. ‘I do think, though, that the public will be uncomfortable with the hypocrisy. I think he’s used one in three of his Prime Minister’s Questions (PMQs) to talk about parties instead of focusing on the cost of living. ‘He has tweeted himself saying that if you’re under investigation, a criminal investigation, then you should resign.’ The so-called ‘beergate’ investigation is expected to take up to six weeks and, similar to the response to No 10’s alleged lockdown-breaching parties, those in attendance will be required to fill out questionnaires. Supporters of Sir Keir say his drinks and curry evening was vastly different to Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s alleged breaches. Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting told the BBC he would not ‘entertain’ the prospect of the Labour leader resigning. He said: ‘I have absolute faith and confidence that Keir Starmer did the right thing all the way along. ‘He’s maintained that all the way along. He’s someone who practices what he preaches, and as I say the police have looked at this before and found no case to answer. ‘We’re confident that’ll be the case this time. I think the contrast between Keir Starmer and Boris Johnson will be even sharper because I do think it’s ridiculous, actually, after everything that we’ve seen Boris Johnson is still there and Conservative MPs haven’t removed Boris Johnson.’ And shadow Welsh secretary Jo Stevens told Times Radio she believed the beergate-furore was a ‘smear’ by the Conservatives. She added the opposing party had been ‘badly damaged by the behaviour of the prime minister.’ On Friday, Sir Keir told reporters in London that he did not believe the event had breached coronavirus rules. He said he had stopped at the City of Durham MP Mary Foy’s office for ‘something to eat’ and insisted there was ‘no party.’ At the time of the apparent gathering, non-essential retail and outdoor venues including pub gardens were open but social distancing rules, which included a ban on indoor mixing between households, remained in place. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.