Johnny Depp will be called back to the stand as a rebuttal witness after Amber Heard’s team changed their plans. It was reported that the Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, was due to testify once again today in his ongoing defamation trial against the 36-year-old. In a change to proceedings, Heard’s team confirmed that they would not be calling him back to the stand after all. ‘Calling Depp back to the stand would be as relevant to us as a bicycle to a fish,’ a source close to Heard told Metro.co.uk of the possible move. ‘Everything Depp has testified up to this point has been irrelevant to the heart of this case, and there’s no reason to believe it would be any different now.’ However, in another twist, a source close to the Depp team confirmed to us that he ‘will be called back as a rebuttal witness on Wednesday’. The Edward Scissorhand star’s ex-girlfriend, Kate Moss, will also be giving her testimony via a video link on the same day, after Heard mentioned her name in court earlier this month. Depp is suing his ex-wife for defamation and seeking $50million in damages over an op-ed the Aquaman actress wrote in 2018, discussing being a victim of domestic abuse. Despite the Washington Post article not mentioning him by name, his team argued that it implies he was physically and sexually abusive during their marriage – something he has denied. Heard, in turn, is countersuing for $100million. The actor took to the stand when the trial began last month, and insisted that he has ‘never struck a woman’. His former partner later broke down in her own testimony, alleging that he slapped her and penetrated her with a bottle during an argument. She also mentioned Moss while recalling a moment Depp allegedly swung at her sister Whitney. Heard claimed that her sibling was near a staircase ‘in the line of fire … trying to get Johnny to stop’ amid another row, stating that it ‘reminded’ her of an alleged incident between Moss and Depp. She alleged that her sister intervened to try and get between the pair. ‘[Whitney’s] back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her,’ she said. ‘I don’t hesitate, I don’t wait — I just, in my head, instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs.’ Heard added that she ‘swung at him’, adding: ‘In all of my relationship to date with Johnny, I hadn’t landed a blow. And I, for the first time, hit him — like, actually hit him. Square in the face. ‘He didn’t push my sister down the stairs.’ Depp’s lawyer gestured excitedly at Heard’s mention of the model – but it is not clear exactly why. The trial continues. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Johnny and Amber for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Is Us: Mandy Moore says several scenes in ‘beautiful’ finale were ‘filmed years ago’ MORE : Liam Payne splits from fiancée Maya Henry months after reunion 