Take That have taken on Cannes as they prepare for the filming of their upcoming flick Greatest Day. Gary Barlow, Howard Donald, and Mark Owen looked in the best of spirits as they arrived at the film festival (without Robbie Williams and Jason Orange in tow). The trio all looked totally suave in suit jackets and chinos as they enjoyed the gorgeous weather. Laughing together, they posed away for the cameras at their photocall. The upcoming film will feature Take That’s greatest hits as it tells a heartfelt tale of love and friendship. With Gary, 51, Mark, 50, and Howard, 54, serving as executive producers, the story will follow five best friends who have the night of their lives while at the concert of their favourite boy band. The group reunite after 25 years, reminiscing on their past as they go down new paths in their future. With the band members being played by Aaron Bryan, Dalvin Cory, Joshua Jung, Mark Samaras and Mervin Noronha, comedian Aisling Bea has expressed her excitement over being a part of the cast. The Home Sweet Home Alone star said that after two years of the pandemic, she is ‘ready to Relight My Fire and get singing and dancing in this feel-good joy fest of a movie’. ‘I have long waited for Take That to know who I am. I’ve played the long game, but I feel like I am now so close,’ she added. Jayde Adams, winner of the 2014 Funny Women award, will also be in the film, alongside stars including Lara McDonnell, Jessie Mae Alonzo, Nandi Hudson, Carragon Guest and Eliza Dobson. In a statement released by Take That, the band said it was a ‘really exciting time’ for them to be working on the movie. ‘We’re really looking forward to working with such a talented and creative team on the film and we’re absolutely delighted to have such a brilliant cast on board!’ they said. Take That formed in 1990, rocketing to fame with songs like Greatest Day and Patience. They split in 1996, before reuniting in 2006 without Robbie – although he came back in 2010 to record their album Progress. In 2014, the band reunited as a three-piece, without Robbie and Jason. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Everything you need to know about the Cannes Film Festival 2022 – the movies, A-listers, glitzy parties and more MORE : Julianne Moore, Eva Longoria and Lashana Lynch lead star-studded arrivals at Cannes as film festival returns to glitz and glam 