Elon Musk has spoken out on Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s defamation trial following the closing arguments on Friday. Depp, 58, has brought the case against ex-wife Heard, 36, following a 2018 op-ed in which she spoke about being the victim of domestic violence. Although the Pirates of the Caribbean star wasn’t named in the piece, he has said it impacted his life and career, with studios not wanting to work with him after the allegations. Musk, 50, had been brought up during the trial after Depp accused Heard of having an affair with the Tesla and SpaceX founder during their marriage, including a threesome with model Cara Delevingne, 29, which Heard denied. The business magnate broke his silence on the proceedings after the closing arguments, sharing his thoughts about Depp and Heard. Musk responded to a tweet from MIT research scientist Lex Fridman, who had written: ‘My takeaways from Johnny Depp vs Amber Heard trial: 1. Fame is one hell of a drug (for some). ‘2. Psychiatrists & lawyers come in drastically varying levels of skill. 3. Lying to millions of people is something humans are capable of. 4. Love can be messy. 5. Mega pint of wine.’ Musk then wrote in response: ‘I hope they both move on. At their best, they are each incredible.’ He and Heard had dated briefly in 2017 following Heard’s split from Depp, after first meeting in 2013 on the set of the movie Machete Kills. The wait is now on for the verdict in the Depp and Heard case, after the jury heard six weeks of evidence from both parties and their witnesses. The jury has been sent home for the weekend to return on Tuesday to begin deliberations. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Julia Fox wants to get Elon Musk’s number as she has ‘lots of ideas’ and wants to visit space MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Jury sent home for weekend after deliberations began in Amber Heard defamation case 