Cara Winhold never stopped holding out for a ‘miracle.’ The 30-year-old sadly suffered three miscarriages before falling pregnant again… when she was already pregnant. This incredibly rare phenomenon is known as superfetation – and the second pregnancy can happen days or even weeks after the first. Upon discovering she had fallen pregnant again, Cara, from Texas, asked the doctor: ‘What happened? He wasn’t there the first time. What’s going on?’ She continues: ‘She said that most likely I ovulated twice, released two eggs and they got fertilised at different times, about a week apart. ‘I 100% believe it was a miracle just because of everything that happened in my pregnancy journey.’ But the road to this pregnancy was incredibly difficult. After welcoming their son Wyatt into the world back in 2018, Cara and her husband Blake Winhold hoped to expand their family. Unfortunately, Cara had three miscarriages – one of which nearly killed her. Speaking about this harrowing experience, Cara said: ‘It was happening and I was lying in bed and I would get up and go to the bathroom and there was a lot of blood. ‘I called the doctor and told them what was happening and it doesn’t seem normal and she was like ‘as long as you’re not bleeding through whatever so often, then you’re ok, it’s normal.” ‘My husband was like “you need to go to the hospital” and by the time I went in my blood pressure was really low. ‘I blacked out and they said that the tissue, which I guess is what they call the baby, had gotten stuck in my cervix and I was bleeding out and they said if I had stayed home for maybe thirty more minutes I would have died.’ Cara had to have blood transfusions and later went for therapy to cope with the traumatic experience. She was scared to get pregnant again, but knew she wanted more kids. Ever the optimist, she didn’t lose faith. ‘I was like “it’s going to happen” and I knew it was part of my journey and life to be a mom and so I knew I didn’t want to give up but going to therapy made me learn how to heal and understand that it wasn’t my fault. It took a lot of time,’ she said. The maths interventionist tutor found out she was pregnant in March 2021. Delighted with the news, she went for a five-week scan where the doctor told her she was expecting a baby. But when Cara went in two weeks later for a seven-week scan, to check there was still a heartbeat, there were two fetuses. The ultrasound showed she was actually expecting two babies that had been conceived a week apart. ‘I broke down in tears and cried. I was overwhelmed, confused, but very happy. My husband was in shock,’ Cara said. Baby Colson Winhold and his little brother Cayden were born at 4am on October 25 2021 – just six minutes apart. However, since they were conceived a week apart, they have always been different sizes. Cara said: ‘On the very first scan there was a sac with one baby and then when I went back there was a really tiny little sac in the corner that had another baby in it. ‘You could see baby A [Colson] was more developed, whereas the other one was like a tiny dot.’ Now, Cara has to buy two clothes and nappies in different sizes since there is a four-pound weight difference between the brothers. But the mum-of-three is thrilled she now gets to enjoy raising her miracle babies. She adds: ‘I like to believe that it was my way of getting back the two babies that I lost and kind of them helping out in a way. ‘I can’t think of any other explanation for having twins – it was 100 percent natural and they don’t run in my family. It was a total surprise.’ MORE : ‘Miracle’ tiny baby born at just 23 weeks had hands the size of her dad’s fingernail MORE : ‘Devastated’ Britney Spears suffers heartbreaking miscarriage: ‘We have lost our miracle baby’ MORE : A mum is searching for the midwife who saved one of her baby twins with her ‘quick thinking’