Rishi Sunak and Akshata Murty have made the Sunday Times Rich List for the first time with their joint £730million fortune. It comes as the number of billionaires in the UK swells to a record high, as the country is gripped by a cost of living crisis. Sunak, 42, is the first frontline politician to appear on the rich list since it began in 1989. The Chancellor and his wife’s finances came under intense scrutiny last month after it was revealed Ms Murty had non-dom status. This allowed her to avoid paying UK tax on foreign earnings as she one day planned to return to live in India. It has been estimated Ms Murty’s non-dom status could have saved her £20million in taxes on dividends from her shares in Indian IT company Infosys. Questions were also raised over the pair’s tax arrangements after it emerged that Sunak and his wife had kept hold of their US green cards after returning to Britain. Ms Murty later agreed to pay UK taxes on her worldwide income, while Sunak was cleared by a standards watchdog over his tax affairs. The UK now has an all time high of 177 billionaires, according to the Times Rich List, up six from last year. They have a combined wealth of £653billion, marking an increase of more than £55billion of last year’s Rich List cohort. Sunak and his wife feature at 222 on the list, with their joint forecast of £730million driven by Ms Muty’s £690million stake in Infosys. Meanwhile, Sri and Gopi Hinduja, who run the Mumbai-based conglomerate Hinduja Group, jumped to the top of the list after their wealth grew by more than £11billion to £28.47 billion. It is the biggest fortune recorded on the Rich List ever since it was first published 34 years ago. Meanwhile, entrepreneur Sir James Dyson and his family moved up to second in the list after their wealth increased by £6.7billion increase to £23billion. Property investors David and Simon Reuben made third place with £22.26 billion, while Ukrainian-born Sir Leonard Blavatnik dropped from top spot to fourth. One notable absentee from the top of the list is Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich. The former Chelsea owner slid from eighth to 28th in rankings after his finances plummeted from £12.2billion last year to £6billion in 2022. It following sanctions over Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the enforced sale of Chelsea and the sharp fall in Abramovich’s Evraz shares. It comes as typical UK households come under increased financial pressure from rampant inflation, which struck a 40-year-high of 9% in April. Overall, the richest 250 in the UK this year are worth £710.72billion, compared to £658.09billion in 2021, an 8% rise on last year, the Sunday Times said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.