The family of a toddler mauled to death by a dog have paid an emotional tribute to their ‘happy little boy’. Daniel John Twigg, 3, was attacked outside a property in Rochdale on Sunday afternoon. The youngster was rushed to hospital but died a short time later. In a statement issued through police, Daniel’s family have paid tribute to their ‘happy little boy’. They said: ‘Daniel was a happy, kind and caring little boy who was loved by all who knew him. ‘He loved Paw Patrol and playing with his brother and sister, he also loved being around animals – especially his pony, Splash. He brought us many laughs and was a comical character. ‘He was brave, intelligent and full of many characteristics. Daniel loved being with his whole family and will be missed by all. On behalf of our family, we ask people to respect our privacy.’ Detectives now know Daniel was with a number of dogs in an outdoor area surrounding his home when he was viciously attacked. A 48-year-old man has been arrested under the Dangerous Dogs Act 1991 after he handed himself in to police. Several dogs were seized and one, a Cane Corso, has been humanely destroyed. Other alleged incidents involving dogs at the same address in Carr Lane are now being investigated. Detective Chief Inspector Gina Brennand said: ‘I send my condolences to Daniel’s loved ones. This is a heart-breaking time for them, and specially trained colleagues are supporting them. ‘Though a man is in custody, our investigation is very much ongoing to establish the full circumstances surrounding this incident and ensure any criminal offences in relation to Sunday’s incident are identified and prosecutions sought. ‘Meanwhile, officers are also reviewing other incidents of note. Due to previous contact, GMP’s Professional Standards Branch has referred the incident for review by the Independent Office for Police Conduct. ‘We understand that this incident has had an impact on the community but we ask members of the public and the media to refrain from speculating whilst we complete our investigation and any subsequent proceedings are concluded.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.