A top copper was caught storming a football pitch after Bournemouth secured their promotion to the Premier League, it has been claimed. Supt Sarah Derbyshire, 49, was one of three off-duty officers from Dorset Police allegedly celebrating on the turf on May 3 after their club beat Nottingham Forest 1-0. CCTV footage shows thousands of fans flooding the ground after the final whistle as smoke bombs and red flares were let off. It was the first of several similar incidents seen across the country, which have ended in players being ‘attacked’. When officers were reviewing clips of the pitch invasion, they are said to have ‘had the shock of their lives’ when they spotted three familiar faces. A source told the Sun: ‘There were a couple of other officers from the force who got carried away and ran onto the pitch to jump up and down with the crowd. ‘None of the officers caused any trouble and it was all good-natured. But the law is the law and clearly they, of all people, should have been aware that what they were doing was illegal.’ Another source described Supt Derbyshire as a ‘diehard Cherry’ like the rest of her family. ‘Sarah is very well-respected in the force and has had a very good career, much of it as a detective dealing with major crimes,’ they added. ‘She’s the real deal but still only human and the emotion of Bournemouth winning promotion clearly got to her.’ Two football supporters were charged following Manchester City’s Premier League victory over Aston Villa at the Etihad Stadium on Sunday over a similar pitch invasion. Under the Football Offences Act 1991, pitch invasions are an offence in England and Wales, and can result in criminal charges, fines or even jail time. Dorset Police confirmed three officers were involved in the pitch invasion and have since been asked to reflect on their involvement, but they refused to confirm their identities. ‘An internal report was subsequently made to the Force’s Professional Standards Department that stated off-duty Dorset Police officers were involved in the pitch invasion,’ a police spokesperson said. ‘Three police officers were identified and were asked to reflect on their involvement. ‘Following the game, a message was issued internally reminding all officers and staff of the high standards of behaviour expected of them both in and out of work and reiterating that no matter how exciting it is for their team to win promotion to the Premier League, they must not be involved in pitch invasions.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.