Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn will reportedly be leaving the Oppenheim Group after the end of season five. Now that’s what we call a bombshell. The Netflix star and luxury realtor, 33, was in trouble with the company at the end of season five when she was seen apparently attempting to bribe one of her co-star Emma Hernan’s clients. The Los Angeles-based Texas native’s bio has been cut from the brokerage’s website, but, while her work history is no longer available to view, her image is still present on the top of the ‘our team’ tab. The star also blasted the show for allegedly faking storylines, just minutes before the season five premiere. She posted on Thursday night: ’30 minutes till the launch of #SellingSunset. Enjoy the new season and all of it’s [sic] 5,000 fake storylines!’ Speaking exclusively to US Weekly, a source for the star said: ‘It was Christine’s decision to leave the Oppenheim Group.’ It comes after the allegedly ‘fake’ storyline follows a $5,000 (£3,976.62) bribe fellow realtor Emma, 30, claims that Christine offered in order to steal one of her clients. Selling Sunset, which has been renewed for another season, filmed its first tell-all reunion earlier this week, however, Christine was notably absent from the promo footage. In a statement, a representative for Christine said: ‘Christine tested positive for Covid and out of an abundance of caution for the cast and crew, she did not attend the reunion.’ They added: ‘Producers offered her the opportunity to video chat, but she declined because she wasn’t feeling well enough to do it.’ However, Selling Sunset star Mary Fitzgerald has since revealed that she is not convinced by Christine Quinn’s claim that she tested positive which is why she was forced to miss the reunion. Despite also getting Covid, Amanza Smith managed to make a virtual appearance, while Christine was called out by her coworker Chrishell Stause after being spotted on a film set three days after the reunion took place. Mary, who was promoted to a more senior position at the Oppenheim Group in the latest season, was recently interviewed outside the office, during which she candidly shared her thoughts on Christine, who she used to count as a close friend. When asked whether she thought Christine actually tested positive, she replied: ‘No. I mean, me personally? No, because we all tested on Tuesday and then again on Friday,’ claiming that her co-star’s tests both came back negative. Elsewhere, the show’s star Davina Potratz noted in April that she can no longer ‘defend’ Christine’s actions after their on-camera ups and downs. Speaking to the publication, she said: ‘It was honestly heartbreaking and just very disappointing. I really care about her as a person and I know she knows that, so I was kind of shocked to see how she talked about me and I couldn’t believe it’ ‘I truly care about Christine. … But it’s like, she doesn’t appreciate it. At some point, I would never hurt anyone, but I have to just then stay out of it because I don’t know what’s going on.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to representatives for Christine Quinn for comment. MORE : Selling Sunset star Mary Fitzgerald believes Christine Quinn lied about testing positive for Covid after missing reunion MORE : Selling Sunset fans beg Elon Musk to buy Davina Potratz’s $75,000,000 listing and ‘set her free’ 