Half of Conservative MPs at the next election must be women, the party’s chairman has vowed following another scandal to hit Westminster. In a long list of PR nightmares, the Tories have been accused of breaking Covid-19 laws, tax-dodging, sexual assault, misogyny and most recently, watching porn in Parliament. Chairman Oliver Dowden has tried to salvage his party’s reputation with a pledge to ensure the party’s candidates list ‘reflects the fact that half the population are women’. His intervention comes after disgraced Tory MP Neil Parish quit yesterday after he admitted watching graphic content on his phone in the House of Commons on two occasions. The former MP for Tiverton & Honiton said he first visited the porn website by accident while looking at tractors online, but then returned to the site deliberately in a ‘moment of madness’. According to the Labour Party’s Jess Phillips, he could be jailed for two years after appearing to commit a criminal offence under the Indecent Displays (Control) Act of 1981. ‘There are plenty of laws on the statute books that are meant to protect women and girls in society, however they are not enacted,’ the shadow minister told the Observer. ‘They are very rarely enacted appropriately.’ Addressing the gender imbalance in his party, Mr Dowden said that increasing female representation would be a particular focus of their re-election campaign due to be launched within weeks. Speaking ahead of this week’s local elections, he told The Telegraph: ‘I think the single best thing I can do as chairman of the Conservative Party is make sure that we select more good female members of Parliament so that the membership of the [parliamentary] Conservative Party reflects the wider country. ‘It has been my privilege to ensure that somebody like Anna Firth – brilliant MP in Southend West – got elected as an MP. ‘And I want to make sure that we get more good women like that. ‘I think the single best thing you can do is increase that diversity and make sure that we don’t allow any practices or conduct in Westminster that wouldn’t be acceptable in any other workplace.’ In the 2019 general election, 220 women of a total of 650 MPs were elected to the House of Commons – the highest ever proportion. Of the four largest parties in Parliament, the Tories have the lowest proportion of women MPs, at just 25%. Nadine Dorries, the culture secretary, also addressed the issue in an interview with the BBC: ‘I always thought that if we get more women, then things will get better. ‘But sadly I don’t see that happening at the moment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.