It is not often that a manager reveals his tactical plan in the build-up to the biggest match of his club’s season, but that is exactly what Carlo Ancelotti has done ahead of Real Madrid’s Champions League final against Liverpool in Paris on Saturday night. Aiming for a record-breaking fourth triumph in European football’s showpiece event, the veteran Italian openly discussed his team’s setup with Spanish journalists earlier this month. ‘[We will use a] 4-3-3 that will sometimes change to a 4-4-2,’ the Italian coach explained. ‘I think there is no defined system. Sometimes to put pressure on the pivot, as we did against City, you go from 4-3-3 to 4-4-1-1. The idea does not change much, just a little the way of defending the opponent, of putting pressure on them.’ The truth is that despite revealing his blueprint, Ancelotti has given very little away. Real Madrid will be playing the way they have done since he returned to replace Zinedine Zidane last summer, and in the mould of every Ancelotti team which has gone before. What is interesting is that when both sides line-up for kick-off, they will ostensibly look the same, bar the colour of their kits — 22 men, each 11 arranged in a 4-3-3 in front of their respective goalkeeper. But there are enough profound differences in how those two separate 4-3-3s will function once the whistle goes that mean both sides are going to have plenty of opportunity to exploit one another’s weaknesses. For Real, the key to the hybrid 4-3-3/4-4-2 Ancelotti discussed is the Uruguayan midfielder Federico Valverde. Signed in 2016 after making just 12 league appearances with Penarol in his homeland, his ability to combine strong technique on the ball with high stamina and good defensive positioning means he is asked to simultaneously provide width on the right wing when his team are in possession, while dropping significantly deeper and narrower in defensive transitions to become an extra midfielder when Liverpool will be in control of the ball. Though he is a very different player with a skillset focused in other areas, the end result of Valverde’s effect on the Real Madrid setup is not too dissimilar to the influence Dirk Kuyt had on Liverpool’s in the late 2000s under Rafael Benitez, when he was at once asked to help his colleague move further and wider up the pitch, while rendering the opponents’ attacks down the wing less effective. Valverde’s dual role means he will be able to double up with his colleague at right-back in order to attempt to quell Liverpool’s threat down their left-hand side, where Andy Robertson and Luis Diaz will combine to form a considerable challenge. Diaz has been in excellent form since joining the Reds’ from Porto in January, and is electric on the ball when he picks up possession and carries it on his right foot towards goal. Dani Carvajal is the man most likely to start at right back for Real Madrid, but the Spain international has endured a torrid season defined by woeful form, individual errors and a growing lack of physical resistance. Valverde will have a lot on his plate to protect the 30-year-old from the sheer athleticism of Diaz. A similar ploy has worked for Ancelotti in the past, though. In his time with Napoli a few years back, the Italians were twice drawn to face Jurgen Klopp’s men in the group stages of the Champions League. Klopp’s record in Europe since taking over at Anfield in 2015 has been superb, but Ancelotti is the manager he has most struggled to best tactically. Napoli won two of those four fixtures, drew one and lost the other, scoring four goals and conceding only twice. In the last of those four fixtures at Anfield in November 2019, Ancelotti employed a narrow 4-4-2 system which his Real Madrid side will mirror in defensive phases in Paris this time around. On the right-hand side, he used the six-foot-four centre-half Nikola Maksimovic as a full-back with defender Giovanni Di Lorenzo in midfield in order to create a blockade against the speed and dribbling of Sadio Mane. The plan worked perfectly, with Mane struggling to impact the game. The team and players might be different, but the doubling-up effect will likely be in operation again this time around in order to try and combat Diaz, rather than Ancelotti going with the more attack-minded Rodrygo on the right. Mane, meanwhile, will likely play down the middle for the Reds, keeping centre-backs David Alaba and Eder Militao occupied in a central striker role in which he excelled and redefined himself since returning from winning the Africa Cup of Nations with Senegal in the winter. On the opposite wing, Real Madrid have their biggest chance to attack Liverpool. In possession, Brazilian forward Vinicius Junior will stick to the touchline, looking to collect an out ball and run at or in behind Trent Alexander-Arnold at right-back. The 21-year-old arrived from Santos with big expectations placed on him in 2018, and has taken his performance levels and output up a significant notch this season, scoring an impressive 21 goals in 51 appearances in all competitions. He scored twice against the Reds last season when Real Madrid knocked them out of the Champions League behind-closed-doors, frequently receiving the ball over the top as Alexander-Arnold struggled to deal with him. The right-back is often criticised for what people perceive as him defending poorly, but the reality is different. Every single football team, even one which is as brilliant at this Liverpool, must give up chances to the opponent in one way or another. The opportunities Liverpool concede are often as a result of the high-line they play, which means it can sometimes appear as though one pass has caught a full-back losing concentration. But those chances are given up by design. Liverpool might start off in a 4-3-3 in Paris, but in possession they actually shift to 2-3-5 with the full-backs pushed right up the pitch as high as possible in order to create chances for the attacker. The full-backs are quite simply the most important players in Liverpool’s system, and assistant manager Pep Lijnders is on record as saying the 2019 goal against RB Salzburg which saw Alexander-Arnold cross for Robertson to score was Liverpool’s ‘dream goal’ from a tactical point-of-view. Placing that emphasis on the full-backs as creators means Liverpool know full well they are leaving space in behind which can be exploited. Klopp, though, is happy to rely on the recovery pace of both Virgil van Dijk and Ibrahima Konate (who has been preferred to Joel Matip in the Champions League this season and will likely start the final) and the incredible one-on-one record of Alisson Becker to bail them out. Even with a world-class forward bearing down on goal there is a fair chance Liverpool can escape without conceding, and so the risk tends to very much be worth the reward for Alexander-Arnold and Robertson. In midfield, Liverpool possess an array of nimble, physical players who are capable of turning the ageing Luka Modric and Toni Kroos inside out if they are able to start the match in the right rhythm. But Kroos and especially Modric remain two of the most gifted midfielders to have played the game with the ball at their feet, and the Croatian in particular is capable of putting numerous chances on a plate for the world’s best player right now, Karim Benzema, to kill the game. Liverpool might be going into the game as strong favourites, but Real Madrid’s strengths are well-suited to exploiting the areas the Reds choose to leave vulnerable. Real Madrid vs Liverpool in Paris might be the most romantic of all possible European Cup finals, but it is also one of the most intriguing sporting contests imaginable, as two teams come face-to-face wearing similar masks which hide so much difference underneath them. MORE : Mohamed Salah provides major update on his Liverpool future ahead of Champions League final MORE : Gary Neville tells Liverpool to sign free agent who was ‘out of this world’ against Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 