The UK’s monkeypox outbreak has more than doubled, health officials will reportedly announce today. Two additional cases were identified on Wednesday, bringing the total to nine, but a further 11 are set to be announced on Friday, according to The Times. Britain has around 5,000 doses of the smallpox vaccine, which is around 85% effective, but ministers are said to have ordered another 20,000 vials to cope with an expected surge in infections. It is believed the two recently confirmed cases, one in London and the other in southeast England, were infected in the UK as neither had travel links to a country where the virus is endemic. The monkeypox virus causes only mild illness but the outbreak is causing concern in government due to the similar spread in some European countries. In recent cases, patients have self-identified as gay, bisexual or other men who have sex with men (MSM). The UK Health Security Agency is advising gay, bisexual and MSM men to check for any usual rashes or lesions on their bodies, particularly their genitals, and to contact a sexual health service if they are concerned. Monkeypox can be passed on by direct contact though sex, but is not considered to be a sexually transmitted infection. Dr Susan Hopkins, UKHSA’s chief medical adviser, said: ‘We are particularly urging men who are gay and bisexual to be aware of any unusual rashes or lesions and to contact a sexual health service without delay if they have concerns.’ The health agency said the virus does not spread easily between people and the risk to the UK population remains low. Anyone with concerns that they could be infected with monkeypox is advised to contact NHS 111 or a sexual health clinic, although they are urged to notify the clinic before attending. The rash, which can develop as part of the virus, changes and goes through different stages before finally forming a scab, which later falls off. The health agency also said that initial symptoms of monkeypox include fever, headache, muscle aches, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. The first case was a person who had recently travelled to Nigeria, which is where they were believed to have contracted the infection, before travelling to the UK. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.