On May 21 we launch into Gemini season (and as a Gemmy myself, I will be celebrating like it’s my birthday – because it nearly is). What does Gemini season bring? All the best attributes of that sign. I’m talking about socialising, gossiping, having meaningful discussions and conversations, travelling to new places, and seeking inspiring information and education. Sharpen your mind, broaden your horizons, and dust off your party dress! It’s time to, literally, go out out. Let the tarot guide you as to where your horizons could broaden at the start of Gemini season, with your star sign’s tarotscope for the week ahead, May 15 to 21. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Five of Wands Meaning: The Five of Wands shows that you’re resisting a change or phase of personal growth that means shifting something or going through something you think will be painful or hard. I am here to promise that it won’t be that bad and the longer you put this off (and dread it) the worse you’ll feel. Get to it. Make the move, apply for the role, accept the responsibility, take the course, change the location. This one shift will open up a whole new world of possibilities. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: Oh, Taurus! The Wheel of Fortune. This is the tarot’s totem of transformation and reveals you’re in the process of tearing up your whole life, in a way, and starting over in all kinds of areas. One change leads to another. One new idea sparks several more. One shift puts pressure on other parts. It’s all good. Keep going with this flow and stay flexible. There’s more to come, so much more! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: King of Swords Meaning: You are a natural student, a lifelong learner and an intellectual. And you are ready to acquire a new skill, learn about something interesting, broaden your knowledge and experience. It might be via formal education; it might be via reading up on something or simply listening to a new podcast. The King of Swords asks you to zoom in on the topic that most challenges you and go for it this week. Invest in your education. You’ve got the smarts to tackle anything! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Queen of Wands Meaning: Travel is important for the week ahead – physically broadening your horizons, exploring new territory, seeing different places, experiencing new things. The Queen of Wands brings adventure and excitement, follow her lead and make your own adventure this spring! If you can’t get away right now then start to plan something for a future season, something inspiring and wonderful. You are ready to head out there. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Five of Cups Meaning: Everyone always expect you to be upbeat, bright-eyed, and bushy-tailed, and you normally are. This week, though, you want to share that you’ve been sad recently, maybe grieving, maybe regretting something. It’s time to get this off your chest and find the right words to share your emotion but not get overwhelmed by it in the moment. Maybe write it all down? Even write a letter? It will make sure you express yourself as you wish to. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: Knight of Coins Meaning: You are thinking about what you can learn, acquire, or understand that will strengthen your career or financial prospects and make you money down the line. The Knight of Coins is a shrewd operator, and so are you, Virgo. Look at what courses, research, questioning, reading or workshopping you could do in an area that is relevant to your career or relevant to the financial situation you’re currently facing. Get clued up. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Seven of Wands Meaning: Time to set yourself a challenge, something stretching and competitive, something that pits you against others (in a positive way, in an uplifting way). The Seven of Wands shows you’ve been thinking this yourself, but have maybe felt that old imposter syndrome, like you can’t do it or won’t fit in. Push all that doubt to one side. Get stuck in and join in with this challenge or competition because you, my Libran friend, can win! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Three of Cups Meaning: Your social life is ready for an injection of fun, excitement, new faces, and thrills. Go out out and enjoy yourself. Get used to bumping into people and catching up, making new arrangements, going with the flow of an evening, saying yes to unexpected invitations on the spot. Be reactive to what’s available this week and you will have an amazing time. The Three of Cups reminds us all that we only live once, and we’re here for a good time, not a long time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Strength Meaning: You are on a path of self-development and growth, as shown by the powerful Strength card. This Gemini season sees you patting yourself on the back for getting this far, this well, this fast! And it’s all served to limber you up, to empower your self-confidence, and make you feel like anything is possible. It is! Sagittarius, challenge yourself. Set yourself the most inspiring goal possible and create a plan of attack. You can achieve more than you think this Gemini season. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Eight of Cups Meaning: This week, use the crafty, curious, and clever energy of Gemini to return to the scene of a recent disappointment, with the Eight of Cups, and do things differently (and get different results this time around). Live and learn, use what you now know, take the life lesson and make it work for you now. Experience is invaluable. You know what doesn’t work here, and you can do things differently. Get to it and make this happen. It’s time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Ace of Wands Meaning: You are ready to activate a new hobby or lifestyle regime, maybe a gym membership, new class, fitness routine, or actual pastime that will take you through the spring and summer in flow and feeling at peace. Start it this week. The Ace of Wands is a surefire sign that this new activity will bring you rewards, happiness, and results! It’s inspiring and exciting, it’s authentically you. Start this week. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Ace of Cups Meaning: You are going to make new friends this week and throughout Gemini season, which isn’t hard for you anyway as you’re such wonderful company. The Ace of Cups brings magical new people into your world, so don’t let your shyness get in the way. Smile, say hi, be warm and welcoming. It’s possible that one of these people could turn out to be the next love of your life too! Look out for creative Water signs (Cancer, Scorpio, Pisces). Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Taurus MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday