Struggle with racing thoughts? Even at the best of times, our brains can get out of control when it comes to thinking – or overthinking. Whether it be while lying in bed, chatting with friends or sitting in a meeting, the mind plays tricks and we can struggle to shut off. However, one man has shared a trick that can pause your thoughts and silence your mind in just seconds. TikTok page The Mental Level shared the ‘Jedi mind trick’ to followers and people were shocked at how quickly you could quieten the mind. The video tells viewers to ‘ask yourself right now what my next thought is going to be and just watch.’ If a thought does pop up the expert advises to acknowledge it and gently let it go. Next, ask yourself again what your next thought will be. ‘Just acknowledge it if something came up,’ the expert in the clip explains. ‘Let it go and gently take a deep breath, relax your muscles and once again ask yourself from this really relaxed place what your next thought will be.’ You continue to do this until you notice the mind slowing down and stopping entirely. The expert concludes: ‘Notice how your brain is in a rhythm of letting go of the thoughts that arise, that it is now aware of. ‘Notice the clarity and relaxation you can release into now and go about your day being present.’ Those in the comments were seriously impressed by the method and said it helped them stop racing thoughts. ‘Think I just healed all of my anxiety in 1 video,’ a viewer wrote. Another added: ‘This just put my brain on mute almost immediately. Thank you.’ Those with ADHD also noted that the trick aided them significantly. One viewer commented: ‘I have ADHD. I cannot believe how quickly this worked. I’m stunned. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : We can’t get enough of the ‘enemies to lovers’ romcom trope – but can it ever work in real life? MORE : 13 practical steps you can take right now to improve your sleep MORE : A ‘wellness train’ with crafts and meditation is coming to take you from London to Lincoln