Kylian Mbappe has agreed a deal to join Real Madrid this summer after turning down a late approach from Liverpool, according to reports in Spain. The 23-year-old is out of contract with Paris Saint-Germain at the end of the season and is not expected to agree a new deal. Both Real Madrid and Liverpool were reportedly keen on securing the France international, while PSG have been desperately trying to tie the forward down to anew deal. However, Marca report that Mbappe has chosen to join Madrid and has agreed a contract with the Spanish champions. The report goes on to say that Liverpool have been chasing Mbappe for years and the striker was ‘flattered’ by their approach in recent weeks. Since joining PSG, Mbappe has become one of Europe’s top players, scoring 168 goals for the Ligue 1 side in 216 appearances. In five years in the French capital, he has won four league titles and three cups. In the last two seasons, he has been named Ligue 1’s Player of the Year and is the current top goalscorer in France. Liverpool will be disappointed to be knocked back by Mbappe with the Merseyside giants looking to freshen up their attack. The lauded trio of Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who are all out of contract next summer, are entering the latter part of their careers and will need to be replaced in the coming years. This season, Klopp has moved Mane to a central striker role which signifies a desire to have a dynamic, fast operator leading the line. The Reds have been linked with a move for Darwin Nunez from Benfica at the end of the season but much will depend on outgoings. Divock Origi looks set to leave on a free transfer with AC Milan interested in signing the Belgian. Meanwhile, Takumi Minamino could be let go so he can get more first-team football elsewhere. MORE : Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp cannot see Manchester City dropping points against Aston Villa MORE : Jurgen Klopp gives latest on Liverpool injury concerns ahead of Southampton clash For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.  