Myleene Klass clearly takes health and safety seriously after revealing she gets her children involved with fire drills every month. The former Hear’Say singer is mother to daughters Ava, 14, Hero, 11, and two-year-old son Apollo, so naturally she wants them to understand the importance of safety measures. In a new TikTok video, Myleene, 44, shares the extent of the fire drill which the family takes part in at her London mansion on a monthly basis, including the kids being blindfolded and made to crawl around the house on all fours. Giving other parents advice, one caption reads: ‘Children get scared and try to hide under their beds. Explain this will make it harder to find them,’ alongside a photo of one of her daughters half tucked underneath her bed and waving ‘no’. Another shot shows the Smooth Radio presenter herself leading the charge on all fours with her two eldest children following suit behind her, and Apollo chuckling excitedly while being carried in one of her arms. Myleene wrote in another caption: ‘If a door is shut, check with the back of your hand if its [sic] hot. The fire could be behind it. ‘Agree on one meeting point so you know when everyone is out safe.’ Speaking about the activity to BBC Radio Wales, Myleene explained: ‘We do the drill once a month, and we change the exits. ‘They like the problem-solving side of things as well. ‘So I’ll say, “Let’s say we can’t get out via the bathroom, so how would you do this, and this room’s only got a window, so how would you do that?” ‘Smoke gets you first before the flames.’ The former I’m A Celebrity star continued: ‘I feel strongly about empowering children to know what to do if there’s a fire. ‘There’s fire drills at school, fire drills at work, but no one really does them in their house.’ On her TikTok channel, Myleene typically teaches piano lessons with her children getting involved with the demonstrations, as well as doing challenges with her radio team. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp won’t return to Pirates of the Caribbean anytime soon – but Margot Robbie could take over lead role MORE : Joe Wicks ‘released anger through fitness’ after father’s battle with heroin addiction: ‘I couldn’t deal with that’ 