The Prime Minister claims he will deliver a ‘super seven’ of Brexit Bills to do away with ‘unnecessary barriers inherited from the EU’. In yet another Brexit relaunch, years after the UK left the EU, Boris Johnson says his latest initiative with cut red tape. The new launch, which aim to ‘deliver on the promise of Brexit’, are set to be announced in the Queen’s Speech, he told The Sunday Express. Elsewhere, reports suggest import bans on controversial animal products will be scrapped. Labour’s Lisa Nandy says she expects the event to offer virtually nothing for ordinary people. But Mr Johnson claims the move will allow Britain to ‘thrive as a modern, dynamic and independent country’ by ‘changing old EU rules that don’t work for the UK’. ‘I call them the super seven – and they will benefit families and businesses across the land by changing old EU rules that don’t work for the UK’, he said. ‘From data reform to gene-editing to financial services, these Bills will allow us to thrive as a modern, dynamic and independent country, and this government is getting on with the job of delivering them.’ It is unclear if the Queen will attend the traditional event in Parliament, with Prince Charles expected to stand in if she does not. It comes after the Conservatives took a battering at the local elections this week and as the PM attempts to move on from the partygate saga that has derailed his premiership and led to widespread calls for him to resign. The Government has also been accused of doing nothing to deal with skyrocketing bills and a cost of living crisis. The Queen’s Speech, which will  be delivered in Parliament on Tuesday, will be used by Mr Johnson as an attempt to show his administration is focused on people’s concerns. The PM is expected to also announce the Government’s latest attempts to revive struggling town centres. The planm to rid high streets of ‘derelict shopfronts’ and restore neighbourhood pride, will see councils given extra powers to force landlords to rent out empty shops. It will form a key part of the Queen’s Speech as Mr Johnson tries to reset his Government, 12 years after the Conservatives first came to power. But Ms Nandy, Labour’s shadow secretary of state for communities and local government, told the BBC’s Sunday Morning: ‘This Queen’s Speech is going to have very little in it that’s going to address people’s real problems.’ Elsewhere, other measures will include the chance to make the pavement cafes – widely seen during the Covid crisis – a permanent part of town centres. Landlords will be made to make shops which have been vacant for more than a year available to prospective tenants under compulsory rental auctions. Authorities will also be given greater powers to use compulsory purchase orders to deliver housing, regeneration schemes and infrastructure. Mr Johnson said: ‘High streets up and down the country have long been blighted by derelict shopfronts, because they’ve been neglected, stripping opportunity from local areas. ‘We are putting that right by placing power back in the hands of local leaders and the community so our towns can be rejuvenated, levelling up opportunity and restoring neighbourhood pride.’ Recent British Retail Consortium stats suggest that roughly one in seven shops are vacant, with as many as a fifth empty in the North East. The industry has been battered amid the pandemic, with high rental and business rate costs exacerbating declining demand as consumers increasingly move online. Levelling Up Secretary Michael Gove said: ‘By empowering local communities to rent out shops which have been sat empty for a year or longer, we will end the scourge of boarded up shops that have blighted some of our great towns across the country for far too long.’ Through new legislation, powers allowing council to let cafes and restaurants trade outside amid Covid restrictions will be made permanent, in the hope of boosting local economies. Meanwhile, the Queen’s Speech is not expected to include proposed plans to ban the import of fur and foie gras. The measure is said to have been dropped after Cabinet critics branded it ‘fundamentally unconservative’, The Times reported. The Animals Abroad Bill is expected to include a ban on the trade in hunting trophies and the sale and promotion of travel experiences which are cruel to animals. Other measures expected in the package include a Brexit Freedoms Bill to make it easier to remove legacy EU laws and a Bill of Rights to replace the Human Rights Act. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Bullish Boris to fight for his leadership despite local elections thrashing