As summer rolls into view, it’s time to get hands on with our homes. Whether you have a few bits and bobs on your list or you are starting that house transformation you’ve been putting off for years, this is the right place for expert tips on how to DIY. The project: There are thousands of DIY jobs around the house or apartment, but what tools do you really need to have on hand? The expert: Shayna Alnwick, aka @theflippedpiece, is a self taught DIYer and influencer with 330,000 Instagram followers and is an ambassador for garden and power tools manufacturer Ryobi. The reason: By streamlining what you need, money can be saved and there won’t be a stack of expensive and unused tools clogging up cupboards and basements. Sit down and have a proper think about what sort of DIY work you want to learn. Do you want to focus more on building? Or more on upcycling? A bit of both? Then you should think about the upcoming projects you have coming up and the types of tools you may need. Write down your ideas so you have a clear picture as to what tool kit will best suit you. Researching is the most important step as it helps you find what you NEED versus what you WANT. Yes, you may want the most expensive luxury tools out there on the market, but do you actually need them for your project? You may want to have the biggest tool kit out of all your DIY friends, but do you need all those tools? What helped me the most is watching several YouTube tutorials on tools that I need for my upcoming projects. There are so many products out there on the market, so this is an easy and convenient way to familiarise yourself with the vast majority of them and get inspired. How many tools do you need to get your project complete? What is the maximum amount of money you have to spend on all new tools? These are important questions to ask yourself so you’re not dishing out money on tools you won’t use or need. Yes, basics. You absolutely need the basics. What do I mean by this? You need a measuring tape, a hammer, a screwdriver, a wrench and maybe pliers. These are tools that are always great to have on hand for any DIY project regardless of what you are aiming to achieve. Tool storage is key when you want to make sure you make the most out of them and get their longevity to make sure they are kept well, won’t break and are easily accessible. I personally work in a workshop; therefore I like to have my tools on a pegboard and spread out across shelves. Others might turn a space storage closet into a tool storage area or even buy a toolbox to keep them all in. Go test them out. Go to hardware stores, walk to the power tool section and look atthem first-hand. Feel them, make sure the weight is right for you. Take a close look at them and see what accessories you may need. Do you need blades? Sanding discs? Drill bits? Add these extras to your additional costs for your overall budget. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY couple creates stunning outdoor kitchen for just £1,500 MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value MORE : The best apps to help you decorate and renovate your house