WWE fans are calling for Kane to make an in-ring return after he revealed his amazing figure in a shirtless photo over the weekend. The Big Red Machine – who is known to many as Knoxville County Mayor Glenn Jacobs these days – looks like he could still shine in the ring as he opened up on his body transformation aged 55. Fans were amazed with how ripped Kane looks in the snap, and it seems he’s got fellow star Diamond Dallas Page’s DDP Yoga to thank. Sharing a shirtless outdoor picture on Twitter, he wrote: ‘Thanks to @DDPYoga and low carbs for making 55 look (and feel) this good!’ DDP replied: ‘Damn @GlennJacobsTN you look amazing brother! You just made my day knowing your looking and feeling Great! Keep up the Great work Mayor. Thanks for the shout out.’ And many WWE fans flooded the tweet with replies calling for Kane to step back in the ring for his first proper match since 2018’s infamous clash pitting himself and The Undertaker against Shawn Michaels and Triple H. That Crown Jewel match didn’t go down too well at the time, with all four men since admitting to being a bit embarrassed – but the Hall of Famer’s fitness push still has people clamouring for a comeback. ‘They need to bring him back,’ wrote one fan, as another said: ‘WOAH! could this be the return the devils favourite demon? ive been a fan since your debut Glenn ya looking awesome big fella. (sic)’ And a different Twitter user teased: ‘Wrestlemania 2023 comeback confirmed’ Although there’s no sign of Kane making a return just yet, it’s not out of the question as he did appear in the 2021 Men’s Royal Rumble match, and his 2018 comeback came since he was elected mayor. Meanwhile, his Brothers of Destruction partner – and on-screen brother – The Undertaker recently teased the possibility of stepping between the ropes again despite confirming his retirement in 2020. After breaking character for his Hall of Fame induction last month, he donned his iconic hat and coat, looked at the camera and simply said: ‘Never say never.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE legend Randy Orton reveals intense emotional meltdowns in front of Vince McMahon as he details changing relationship MORE : Ex-WWE star Bray Wyatt shows off incredible body transformation for emotional Wyatt Family reunion in rare public appearance 