Chicken products are being pulled from the shelves following a salmonella scare at a food factory in East Yorkshire. Tesco, Pret, Sainsbury’s, Aldi, Leon, M&S, Costa and Waitrose have all stopped selling some or all cooked poultry sandwiches and wraps following an outbreak at Cranswick food processing plant in Hull. Products with the use by dates of May 11, 12 and 13 are feared to be contaminated after Cranswick said salmonella was detected during a ‘routine internal inspection’. It is not yet clear if anyone has been made ill by the bug, but the Food Standards Agency (FSA) has advised people with any affected products not to eat them. A Cranswick spokesperson said: ‘As a precautionary measure, we have asked our customers to remove any of their products containing our ready to eat chicken produced during the affected period. ‘We are working closely with the Foods Standards Agency and will collaborate with their experts to resolve the matter’. They added its factory will remain closed until the ‘investigations are complete’. Waitrose said it recalled some of its chicken sandwich range as a ‘precautionary measure’ and urged customers to return the items to their nearest store. A Waitrose spokesperson: ‘We’re recalling 10 of our Waitrose chicken sandwich and wrap lines — with use by dates up to and including 14 May — due to a potential Salmonella risk. ‘Customers should not consume these items and should return them to us for a full refund. We are very sorry for the inconvenience.’ This comes after Pret A Manger removed ‘the majority of items’ containing chicken from its menu. A Pret spokesperson said: ‘As a precautionary measure, we’ve temporarily removed the majority of chicken items on our menu due to a potential food safety risk at one of our suppliers. ‘We hope to have these products back in shops soon. We apologise for any inconvenience.’ The FSA also recalled batches of Aldi’s Eat + Go Chicken and Bacon Caesar Wrap, along with the triple version of the same product. Wraps were recalled at stores across England, Scotland and Wales because of ‘the possible presence of salmonella in these items’. MORE : What is salmonella, what are the main symptoms and how long can it last? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.