Tom Hanks learnt first-hand that even the Queen enjoys an occasional tipple after discovering she has a favourite cocktail. The Forrest Gump actor recalled the time he enjoyed a very plush dinner with Her Majesty and then President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. It appears Tom, 65, was referring to a state banquet the Queen hosted at Buckingham Palace in May 2011 to honour the Obamas during their visit to the UK. The Hollywood icon had the pleasure of mingling with the Queen at one point and couldn’t help but notice when she was delivered a special drink. ‘I sat right next to the Queen of England at a dinner with the Obamas,’ Tom said during his appearance on BBC’s The One Show on Monday. ‘The chit-chat with the Queen is something you have to get ready for. I knew I was going to be sitting next to her so I wanted to be able to talk about things that were important but not presumptuous. We spoke about how often she gets time off, et cetera.’ He then revealed: ‘Out of nowhere, I noticed this gloved hand place a tumbler of clear liquid between me and Her Royal Majesty. But it wasn’t in a water glass, so I dared to ask the Queen, “what is Her Majesty’s cocktail of choice?” and she said “ooh martini”.’ Now it makes even more sense why the Queen was especially keen to take part in the sketch with James Bond actor Daniel Craig at the London Olympics the following year – she clearly shares the same appetite for martinis as 007. The question is, does the Queen prefer hers shaken or stirred? Tom went on to joke that as the Queen has enjoyed a ‘wonderful reign’, he might indulge in the odd martini to ‘polish’ his own game. The Toy Story star is currently promoting his new movie Elvis and was joined on the One Show sofa by his co-star Austin Butler, who plays the late music legend. Meanwhile, the Queen may be getting her martinis lined-up this week as she celebrates her Platinum Jubilee. The One Show airs weeknights at 7pm on BBC One. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: David Walliams jokingly threatens to ‘leave show’ if his golden buzzer act Born To Perform don’t make final MORE : Below Deck Mediterranean star Malia White confirms exit ahead of season 7 