Cancer campaigner Dame Deborah James has admitted she’s been absolutely wowed by the response to her new book after it shot straight to the top of the Amazon bestsellers’ list. Dame Deborah, who’s known online as Bowelbabe, recently revealed she’s receiving end of life care following a battle with bowel cancer. It’s been a whirlwind couple of weeks ever since, after she launched a fundraiser which has surpassed £6million in donations for Cancer Research UK. She’s since announced her second book titled How To Live When You Could Be Dead, four years after the release of her first book, F*** You Cancer: How To Face The Big C, Live Your Life And Still Be Yourself. Unsurprisingly, it’s gone straight to the top of the charts on the online marketplace, with Dame Deborah quickly reacting to the news. Sharing a snap alongside her husband Sebastien Bowen, she explained to her followers how he’d marked the occasion, by whisking her off to Wisley Gardens to ‘say well done.’ She wrote: ‘It was just perfect for a hour. I haven’t left the house in 10 days as have been too weak, and whilst I’m now going to snooze for most of the day (in the sun like a cat!) – I love this picture of reminding me of vibrant green life all around, despite the sadness of knowing the state of my body inside. ‘But Seb is an utter rock for me and together we seem to be able to squeeze our hands, swallow the tears and laugh instead. I’m blown away and utterly grateful by the response to the book pre-launch and the sheer numbers of you who have kindly ordered it. Not only contributing the @bowelbabefund but also making it number one in the best sellers Amazon list. ‘It’s always been my pipe dream to write a times best seller. My first book just missed out, so maybe just maybe I’ll never know about this one, but I’m sure I’ll be celebrating somewhere!!’ As well as her social media followers, a crop of famous faces congratulated her on the news. Sophie Ellis Bextor commented: ‘That’s gorgeous. Congratulations on the book. Preordered of course. Lots of love as ever.’ ‘How lovely 🥰 ordered my book x so proud of you …’ Davina McCall added. Gaby Roslin responded: ‘Love this photo so much. It fills my heart with such joy,’ with Lorraine Kelly simply writing: ‘THIS IS beautiful.’ It came after she revealed her book was originally due to come out in January next year, but now its publication date has been brought forward to August this year. ‘It is still long after I’m flying high, but hopefully a little less longer for you to wait,’ she wrote. Dame Deborah is married to banker Sebastien and is mother to two children, Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12. In her final interviews, she expressed her wishes for Sebastien to move on and find love after her death, and revealed she has created memory boxes of messages and gifts for her children’s future milestones, such as getting married and big birthdays. The BBC podcaster was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in 2016 and has had at least 17 operations to remove surgeries. Dame Deborah’s supporters have closely followed her journey for the past five years, notably through her You, Me & The Big C podcast which she began in 2018. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : How to donate to Dame Deborah James’ BowelBabe Fund MORE : Deborah James receives visit from Prince William as he awards her Damehood in person: ‘It was such a special day for my whole family’ 