The Jubilee bank holiday is almost here. A four-day weekend with no work – it’s the perfect excuse for a garden party. And no garden party is complete without food. Yeah, sure BBQs are cute – but imagine serving your guests fresh, homemade pizzas, straight from the oven. Investing in an outdoor pizza oven could be a game changer for hosting this summer – and these award-winning Ooni ovens are firm favourites with shoppers. They cook your pizzas in 60 seconds, so your guests won’t have to go hungry, and they’ll look great in your garden too. Now, thanks to the Ooni flash sale, there’s 20% off sitewide, so they’re going for as little as £199.20. The Ooni sale doesn’t only feature the ovens either, you can pick up everything you need to create homemade pizzas, from peels to manoeuvre pizzas in and out of your oven and wood pellets for that delicious wood-fired taste to ingredients, including dough, pizza sauce and more. If you’re really looking to impress your guests this Jubilee bank holiday, now is the time to stock up and upgrade your outdoor catering options. Because, let’s be honest, burgers and hot dogs are just a bit passé. Here are our top picks from the Ooni flash sale: The most affordable oven in the range, the Ooni Fyra 12 Wood Pellet Pizza Oven is the first of its kind to be fired by only wood pellets. Buy it for £199.20 (reduced from £249) now. The Koda 12 pizza oven is lightweight, portable and cooks pizzas in just 60 seconds. It’s super simple to store and set up for cooking too. Buy it for £239.20 (reduced from £299) now. Look the part this seven-inch non-stick peel that allows you to spin pizzas like a pro in your oven. The perforations let excess flour fall away for a perfectly cooked and crisp pizza base. Buy it for £39.99 (reduced from £49.99) now. Don’t flap about in Tesco looking for everything you need. In this bundle you’ll get ‘00’ flour, dried yeast, semolina, tangy sauce and toppings for recipes packed with flavour. Buy it for £34.68 (reduced from £43.35) now. A super simple option for everything you need. This bundle includes an Ooni Karu 12 Multi-Fuel Pizza Oven fired by wood or charcoal, an infrared thermometer, perforated pizza peel and carry cover. Buy it for £343.17 (reduced from £428.97) now. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your daily horoscope for Friday, May 27, 2022 MORE : Single mum travels around 22 countries with her son on epic three-year adventure MORE : What to do if your estranged relative falls ill