Spain has been voted the best-value overseas destination by UK holidaymakers, despite being far from the cheapest. It scored 92% in a poll of more than 2,000 people commissioned by Post Office Travel Money, which published separate research finding Spanish resorts were more than twice as expensive as the cheapest alternatives. The Spanish mainland was closely followed by the Canary Islands, which scored 91%, while Greece came third with 89%. Turkey and Portugal, which has the lowest cost-of-living in western Europe, were joint fourth with 88%. The highest-ranked long-haul destination was Mexico, ranked eighth with 80%. The Scandinavian countries came last with 42%, placing it lower than notoriously expensive Dubai. Bulgaria, which is frequently rated as an attractive low-cost destination, only managed 12th place. Despite many cheap accommodation and food options as well as a weak currency, Vietnam scored a low 59%. The poll was limited to the 26 most popular countries to visit, meaning cheaper destinations off the beaten track may have missed out. Post Office Travel Money have also created a separate ranking of 36 resort areas based on their own research into local prices. The ranking was based on the cost of a three-course evening meal for two with wine, bottle of beer, glass of wine, can of Coca-Cola, large bottle of still water, cup of coffee, suncream and insect repellent. Marmaris in Turkey scored highest with £26.13, closely followed by Bulgaria’s Sunny Beach with £26.19. Both destinations eclipsed the next-cheapest, Portugal’s sunny Algarve region, where the same basket of goods cost £44.39. Meanwhile, Spain’s Costa del Sol came sixth-place with £59.56. In last place was Grand Baie in Mauritius, where it cost £72.59 – almost three times more than Turkey and Bulgaria. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the wild Ibiza club nights happening soon that you don’t want to miss MORE : What are the travel requirements for Spain from the UK?