With less than a week to go until the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee the Met Office has given an early answer to the question on everyone’s mind, what will the weather be like? Thousands of outdoor events and street parties are planned to mark the monarch’s 70 years on the throne next weekend and the weather will be key. In their early predictions, forecasters have said four day weekend is likely to be mild and less windy than it is at the moment, but it is too early to say if it will rain. From tomorrow, the weather is likely to turn warm and sunny, with some areas experiencing temperatures of 21°C before it becomes cooler on Sunday. Monday will be overcast with temperatures hovering about 15°C and showers for much of the UK. As the week progresses the Met Office has said details are still ‘somewhat uncertain’ but it will most likely be a ‘mixed picture, with a combination of dry and wet spells’. Forecasters have said a shift in the jet stream in the coming days will lead to much more settled weather but uncertainty over what the stream will do towards the end of the week is creating uncertainty. Dan Rudman, Met Office deputy chief meteorologist said early indicators suggested a mixed outlook, but forecasters would be keeping an eye on a patch of warm air. ‘There will be plenty of sunshine around this weekend with temperatures expected to reach 21C in some southern spots on Saturday. ‘However, from Sunday it’ll be cooler for most and as we move into next week there’s a more mixed picture once again. ‘Spells of rain affecting many places before more settled conditions are expected through the middle of the week, though still with the chance of some showers even then. ‘Although the Jubilee Weekend is still a week away, what we’re keeping an eye on is how a plume of warm air behaves later in the week, which, despite returning temperatures to around average for the time of year, could also bring some showers as it moves in from the south and travels north on Thursday and Friday.’ The Queen was coronated on an overcast June day and her various jubilees have hit by wet weather and frequent downpours. In June 1977, the Queen celebrated her silver jubilee during one of the coldest, and wettest Junes of the 20th Century. In 2002, the rain held off the golden jubilee celebrations in London but her diamond celebrations saw the full range of British weather. In the week leading up to the 2012 celebrations, the country basked in sun and temperatures of 28°C. Diamond celebrations got off to a sunny start with the Saturday seeing warm and sunny weather but Sunday saw temperatures plummet and up to an inch of rain fell across large parts of the country. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 