Kaley Cuoco’s frantic stewardess Cassie is back in season 2 of The Flight Attendant, this time as a trusted CIA civilian human asset. A perplexing mystery begins to unravel in a way she could never have anticipated, as the now-sober, naturally curious protagonist begins experiencing mind-boggling visions once again and crossing paths with different versions of herself. In season 1 of the hit dark comedy crime drama hybrid, Cassie was working as a flight attendant, jetting around the world, drinking heavily on a regular basis and engaging in various romantic encounters. During a flight to Bangkok, she and one particular flyer hit it off, with the pair making out in the plane toilet before going on a whirlwind date when they landed. However, the next morning, she woke up next to his dead body in bed, as his neck had been slit at some point in the night. A year later, having got to the bottom of the mystery of his death – with the help of the dead man himself, who appeared in visions in her head to help with her investigation – Cassie has turned her life around, joining AA, quitting drinking, moving from New York to LA, starting a new, healthy relationship and working for the CIA as a side job. Of course, things were never going to remain simple for Cassie, as during a trip to Berlin when she’s following an asset, she sees him in his hotel bedroom with a woman who looks just like her. While keeping her eye on him and the mysterious woman, she’s standing on the pavement when an explosion occurs feet away from her. Upon her return to LA, Cassie is convinced there’s someone pretending to be her who could be to blame for the blast, as she shares her suspicions with her best friend, lawyer Annie Mouradian (Zosia Mamet) and Annie’s hacker boyfriend Max (Deniz Akdeniz). After watching just the first two episodes of The Flight Attendant season two ahead of its launch on Sky Max and NOW in the UK, it’s clear that the first couple of instalments only scratch the surface of the surreal, mind-boggling story. While it does begin with a literal bang, it’s lacking some of the horrifying elements of the show that made it such a gripping watch from the get-go when the first season premiered in 2020. Nonetheless, with the second outing consisting of eight episodes, we have no doubt this could just be a soft opening for far more wildness to come. Kaley, who rose to fame as Penny on The Big Bang Theory, is a tour de force once again, balancing humour with a truly magnetising performance, this time often playing multiple versions of herself in the same scene. The actor is able to transform back into the previous iteration of Cassie – who struggled to maintain any semblance of stability – who acts as the devil on her shoulder as she attempts to stay on the straight and narrow in her new if slightly more mellow life. Comedian and Feel Good star Mae Martin is a welcome addition to the cast as Grace, whose wry humour is always thoroughly entertaining. Two episodes isn’t enough to garner enough of an impression of Grace’s character, but the fellow flight attendant does have clear chemistry with Cassie, making the pair enthralling to watch on screen together. After the first two episodes, we’re hopeful of far more wisecracks and smart ploys from Annie and Max as they become completely entangled in Cassie’s latest conundrum, and we can’t wait to learn more about Grace’s mysterious character. Plus, there’s a huge cameo in the pipeline, as the one and only Sharon Stone joining the cast as Cassie’s mother. Considering we already know Sharon slaps Kaley across the face in an upcoming scene, we’re sure their dynamic will be stellar. Season two of The Flight Attendant starts off strong, which is promising considering the show was originally reported to have been planned as a limited series. However, while the first season’s narrative seemed a bit more clear cut – as Cassie needed to get to the bottom of who killed the man in her bed at the beginning – the plot of the new episodes is far less clear. This isn’t necessarily a negative, as Kaley’s performance as Cassie continues to be the highlight of the dark comedy, leaving viewers desperate for her to succeed in her mission to turn over every stone and solve the mystery as they and the protagonist remain in the dark about what is going on. Plus, it’s always going to be entertaining when you get to watch, two, three and sometimes four different versions of Cassie in the same scene… but why they’re there in the first place has left us scratching our heads. We’re intrigued to discover where the story is going to lead, and with additions to the cast including Mae and Sharon, we have very high hopes. The Flight Attendant season two is available from Thursday May 26 on Sky Max and streaming service NOW. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sharon Stone ‘sweating bullets’ after Kaley Cuoco went public to reveal ‘b**ch slap’ was ‘really hard’ on The Flight Attendant season 2 MORE : Kaley Cuoco reveals second matching tattoo with Flight Attendant co-star Zosia Mamet: ‘Glad we made it official’ 