You may remember a few years back, a discount code for Glossier was leaked giving shoppers half off their baskets. It was a wondrous day given the brand rarely reduce prices – and sparked them to hold a yearly flash sale to mark it going forward. This time around, you won’t get your beauty essentials for half price, but you will get a whopping 20% off almost everything Glossier sells. Merch isn’t included, but there are five exclusive gift sets released for the occasion, and all your favourite skincare and makeup items. You’ll need to be quick if you want to save on your Glossier hauls, as the promotion finishes on May 31. To help you narrow down your search, we’ve picked our favourite buys. Just use the code FOG22 at checkout to get your 20% off. There are big savings to be made on this exclusive set, which comes with a Beauty Bag, Cloud Paint blusher, Boy Brow gel, Lash Slick mascara, and Balm Dotcom tube. Priced at £74, it’s already £5 less than if you bought each product individually, and with your discount you’ll get the whole thing for under £60. Buy now at Glossier. Glossier has three different lip makeup products, and you’ll get them all – gloss, matte finish, and balmy tint – in this exclusive sale set. What would normally cost you £39 individually is reduced to £35, which if you use the discount code is just £28. Buy now at Glossier. If you hate that cakey, cracked finish you get with some concealers, Glossier’s bouncy and dewy option is for you. Elastic micro waxes in the formulation stop it from settling into lines, while mineral pigments brighten undereyes effortlessly. Buy for £12 with discount code FOG22 now. Glossier calls this one ‘a soft wash of matte colour for eyes’, which is exactly the effect you’ll get from Skywash. It’s a sheer cream eyeshadow that can be applied in seconds and dries down to a powder finish. Buy for £12 with discount code FOG22 now. Use this all-purpose balm to repair your skin barrier when it’s feeling dry or irritated. It’s Glossier’s thickest occlusive moisturiser so should be used sparingly, but is non-comodegenic so won’t clog your pores. Plus it’s packed with nourishing ingredients like Glycerin, Cupuaçu Butter, Babassu Oil, and Linoleic Acid to soothe and hydrate. Buy for £20 with discount code FOG22 now. Want to switch up your skincare routine but not sure where to start? Look no further than this set of minis, which will introduce you to the wonders of Glossier. You’ll get a Milky Jelly Cleaner, Super Bounce serum, Priming Moisturiser Rish, Balm Dotcom, Futuredew oil-serum hybrid, and a G logo headband for washing your face. Buy for £33.60 with discount code FOG22 now. Using retinoids means you need to have good sun protection to match. The Renew + Protect Duo has Glossier’s Universal Pro-Retinol serum alongside the Invisible Shield sunscreen to keep your skin safe from harmful UV rays. The serum will improve dark spots and wrinkles, while factor 30 ensures the sun doesn’t undo al your hard work. Buy for £33.60 with discount code FOG22 now. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’m the founder and chef at several successful London restaurants’ MORE : I tried Dyson’s bizarre air-filtration headphones to find out if they really work