Warning: spoilers ahead for the final of SAS: Who Dares Wins. SAS: Who Dares Wins fans have been left infuriated after Good Morning Britain revealed who was in the final before it had even aired. This Sunday, the Channel 4 programme will come to an end as four recruits make it to the final stage, putting their mental and physical strength to the ultimate test. While many viewers are excited to discover how the last episode will pan out and what challenges the contestants will have to overcome, some who tuned into GMB this morning were left livid after finding out the identities of the contestants earlier than they would have liked. On Thursday’s show, finalists Paige Zima, Claire Aves, Cat Turnbull and Shylla Duhaney spoke to Ben Shephard and Susanna Reid about their experiences in the competition, as well as the milestone achievement of an all-women final. However, on the series, they hadn’t yet been announced as the four remaining participants… so fans were unsurprisingly furious at the big reveal. ‘#GMB well done. The episode of #saswdw hasn’t even aired yet so we didn’t know who was in the final 🙈 #spoilers,’ one person tweeted. ‘Thanks for absolutely ruining the final,’ another person remarked, as someone else said: ‘So we now know none of the men make it past interrogation phase.’ ‘Sick of these spoilers, just pointless watching now,’ another person commented, their disappointment apparent. Ahead of the final, the four remaining competitors spoke out about how it felt to be in the final, with student and former dancer Paige saying: ‘To be able to look beside you and see it’s all women is a revolutionary feeling.’ Semi-pro footballer Shylla told The Sun: ‘You can’t underestimate women just because we look smaller or might be physically weaker. ‘It comes down to mental resilience and whether you have the strength to keep pushing. We did.’ Paramedic Cat added: ‘The guys, for whatever reason, couldn’t cope with being left in their own heads. ‘They are bigger and stronger and maybe they’ve relied on that. In interrogation, it’s about the mental game.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. The SAS: Who Dares Wins final airs on Sunday at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : SAS Who Dares Wins: Contestant haunted by affair with friend she was once bridesmaid for: ‘I caused so much hurt’ MORE : SAS: Who Dares Wins contestant emotionally opens up about being ‘stereotyped’ as ‘angry Black woman’ after being voted most untrustworthy recruit 