Millions of people should be offered another Covid jab this autumn the government’s vaccine watchdog has advised. The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) has said another round of boosters will help to protect vulnerable groups and keep hospital admissions low during the winter – when the NHS is at its most stretched. While there is ‘considerable uncertainty’ over how severe a future wave of Covid infections in the UK might be and when it may come, the JCVI said the threat from the virus would be greatest in the winter months. The interim advice, released today, aims to help the NHS, care homes and other health care providers plan for the rollout in the months ahead. The committee has said more than 25 million people including those over 65, care homes residents, frontline health and social care workers, and those with certain underlying health conditions should all receive an autumn jab. Professor Wei Shen Lim, chair of Covid-19 vaccination on the JCVI, said that last year’s autumn booster programme worked well to protect vulnerable groups. ‘Last year’s autumn booster vaccination programme provided excellent protection against severe Covid-19, including against the Omicron variant,’ he said. ‘We have provided interim advice on an autumn booster programme for 2022 so that the NHS and care homes are able to start the necessary operational planning, to enable high levels of protection for more vulnerable individuals and frontline healthcare staff over next winter. ‘As we continue to review the scientific data, further updates to this advice will follow.’ Prof Jonathan Ball, a molecular virologist at the University of Nottingham, said the move was ‘sensible’. ‘We know that immunity to Covid-19 following vaccination or indeed infection contracts over time, so giving those individuals most at risk from developing severe Covid-19 a boost just before virus circulation is likely to pick up during autumn and winter months seems sensible,’ he told The Guardian. ‘The exact timing will be important, as you don’t want to wait until virus circulation has already started to increase, although hopefully those most at risk have already had their spring booster, which will be standing them in good stead.’ The Department of Health welcomed the JCVI’s recommendations, adding that it has asked NHS England to begin preparations for the winter. Throughout the pandemic older people, those with underlying health conditions and front line health and social care have been at the forefront of JCVI’s vaccination drives. The committee’s most recent recommendations come amid the rollout of the spring booster programme, with the JCVI calling on all those who are eligible to continue coming forward. They include adults aged 75 years and over, residents in a care home for older adults, and individuals aged 12 years and over who are immunosuppressed. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.