Henry the five-month-old French Bulldog likes to enjoy the finer things in life. The diva dog, who belongs to 29-year-old Lizzi Pallister, has a number of daily demands – including bottled water over the tap variety. Owner Lizzi believes the pooch initially saw her young daughter drinking from a bottle and became fixated with the idea. Now, Henry turns his nose up at tap water and even refuses when Lizzi tries to re-fill bottles – instead, he insists she opens a fresh one in front of him. Lizzi, from Exeter, admits she now spends around £40 a month on Henry’s fussy water habit. The dog owner said:  ‘I’ve never met a dog like Henry before. He has to be the centre of attention, he’s 100% a diva. ‘Each morning when I put the tap water down on the floor, he nudges it then sits looking at me like “nice try – where’s my bottled water?” ‘I go through two packs of 12 bottles of water each week, it costs about £10 a week. I have to do shopping for the family and buy him bottles of water. ‘I’ve tried putting tap water in bottles and he knows. He wants me to open the bottle in front of him, as if he’s saying “I’m not a fool.” ‘He’ll wait until I put the bottled water in and then drink it. ‘So not only does he have his own food, he has to have his own water too.’ But Henry’s demands don’t stop here – he also refuses to climb the stairs and sleep alone. What’s more, he sometimes gives Lizzi the silent treatment by ‘turning his back’ on her if she stops him sitting on her knee. Lizzi adds: ‘He won’t walk. I had to start carrying him up the stairs and he would wait for me to take him back down. ‘Sitting on the sofa, he has to be sat with us. I was like “this dog is needy.” ‘When we are going for walks, he stops and makes sure everyone fusses over him.’ Lizzi admits she thinks Henry sees her daughter getting ‘spoiled’ and wants the same treatment, too. She continues: ‘I took him off my lap the other day because I had to do something and he turned his back to me for about an hour. ‘I got him a dog bed and he refused to sleep on the dog bed, he’ll go to bed when I go. ‘He got grumpy the other night because I wouldn’t let him go upstairs. ‘Because he sees my daughter getting so spoiled, he wants to be spoiled too.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This amazing dogs-only festival has a pet hotel, canine contests and even a spa MORE : Man buys a £12,500 realistic dog costume so he can live as a collie MORE : ‘Someone told me it was cruel to let them live’: Owners share why they love their pugs – following criticisms of the breed