Kim Kardashian was flanked by two of her favourite little ladies as she arrived in Portofino, Italy, with daughter North West and niece Penelope Disick by her side. The Skims founder was spotted in the picturesque village on Sunday ahead of sister Kourtney Kardashian and Blink-182 rocker Travis Barker’s wedding, which is expected to take place later today. With her bleached blonde hair and grey corset with matching trousers, Kim, 41, resembled Storm from X-Men as she strutted along to a small boat that was whisking them off to the town centre. Alongside North, eight, and Penelope, nine, Kim was joined by Travis’ son Landon, 18, and managed to indulge in an ice cream cone before hopping into the tender. Kourtney, 43, and Travis, 46, haven’t been seen since Saturday when they relaxed on their super yacht and enjoyed all the PDA hours before tying the knot. The couple went public with their romance in early 2021 and got engaged in October, with Travis’ romantic proposal on a Malibu beach airing during recent episodes of the new The Kardashians series. They had a ‘practice’ wedding in Las Vegas in April with an Elvis impersonator doing the honours of officiating the ceremony, but it wasn’t valid as Kourtney and Travis didn’t obtain a marriage licence beforehand. However, they legally married in Santa Barbara last week with Kourtney’s grandmother MJ and Travis’ dad Ted as witnesses. The couple shared the stunning black and white photos from the intimate service, which took place on the steps of a courthouse, and, of course, was PDA-heavy. Other members of the family to fly out for the lavish Italian nuptials, include Kylie Jenner and her daughter Stormi, Khloe Kardashian and daughter True, Kris Jenner and partner Corey Gamble, and Kendall Jenner and boyfriend Devin Booker. It’s not known if Kim will be bringing boyfriend Pete Davidson as her date, as he was busy at work appearing in his final episode of Saturday Night Live in New York last night, but it’s possible he may have flown in overnight or earlier on Sunday. One person not expected to attend the wedding is Kourtney’s ex Scott Disick, who is the father of her three children, including Mason, 12, and Reign, seven. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker pack on PDA on idyllic yacht trip hours before wedding ceremony MORE : Kendall Jenner and boyfriend Devin Booker immaculate in matching outfits for lunch ahead of Kourtney Kardashian’s wedding 