A manager at a haulage company falsely accused a senior colleague of sexual harassment to try and dodge a telling off for breaching workplace Covid rules, a tribunal heard. Natasha Woolley claimed Stephen Apsey massaged her back and shoulders and bragged about an affair with a married woman after being summoned to a disciplinary meeting. She also said the married operations boss described ‘pleasuring’ women with oral sex and asked if her pubic area was shaved and whether she wore stockings or suspenders. But her allegations were thrown out at an employment tribunal in Cardiff, with the judge remarking that Woolley ‘could have had motivation to be less than candid’. Woolley joined Interhaul a transport, distribution, and warehouse company, which employs 76 people and provides palletised freight transport services in 2018. She was said to have had a good relationship with her line managers, but cracks started showing in February last year when a make-up-stained face covering was found on her desk. The hearing was told she became ‘upset and angry’ after receiving a text from a senior executive asking if she had left the ‘manky mask’. She had previously been spoken to informally several times for failing to stick to rules around mask-wearing, the one-way system and working from home. Although she admitted the mask related Covid breach, senior executives dropped the complaint when she outlined her allegations against Mr Apsey. When he was later cleared of wrongdoing, Woolley sued the firm for sexual discrimination, harassment, and victimisation. She also accused Mr Apsey of sexual harassment, but that allegation was later withdrawn. Mr Apsey, who denied any sexual misconduct, said Woolley told him about dating men she had met on an app, adding that she ‘had a particularly explicit sense of humour’ and a ‘level of banter’. He admitted placing his hands on her shoulders but insisted he had only done so to steady himself after tripping over her handbag and had apologised for it the following day. In throwing out Woolley’s claims, Judge Rhian Brace said: ‘We did not find that Stephen Apsey had engaged in conduct as alleged. ‘We also concluded the claimant could have had motivation to be less than candid. ‘She was annoyed that her Covid breach had been raised and was potentially seeking to deflect the disciplinary action against her for the Covid breach and comments made by her. ‘The claimant had not complained at all about Stephen Apsey until she had been questioned about the mask and did not raise her specific allegations until the disciplinary meeting itself. ‘The claimant did not commit detail to her allegations, in writing or otherwise at all, despite being encouraged to do so. ‘She was being challenged on her compliance with Covid arrangements and clearly unhappy in that regard. ‘Her allegations were raised in response to being challenged about her own conduct on a matter entirely unrelated to Stephen Apsey and raised in conjunction with her expressing general unhappiness about her general working conditions and terms.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.