Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson apparently didn’t want to miss out on all the Jubilee fun as the couple have jetted over to London this week. Hours after posting very PDA-heavy videos on social media, the lovebirds randomly popped up in west London on Monday evening where they were seen heading for a cosy dinner. The couple couldn’t wipe the smiles off their faces as they strolled into the restaurant holding hands. Kim, 41, dressed casually in a cropped black hoodie and skintight Balenciaga boot leggings – similar to the Barbie pink version she wore in California over the weekend – while her bleached blonde hair was scraped into a messy bun. Former Saturday Night Live comedian Pete, 28, matched her laid back attire as he donned a plaid shirt, T-shirt and barbour-style jacket with jeans and trainers. He was also sporting bleach blonde hair like his girlfriend, having recently gone under the bottle. Once inside the restaurant, the couple were seen having a chit-chat at their table near the window, while Pete sipped what appeared to be a large glass of coke. They were later chauffeur driven away from the restaurant and appeared to get a little camera shy with Pete hiding his face with his hand from the camera while Kim smiled coyly. It’s not known exactly what drew Kim and Pete to the wet and chilly climes of London this time of year, but perhaps the couple have some parties lined-up for Queen Elizabeth II’s Platinum Jubilee, which kicks off on Thursday. On Sunday, the Skims boss shared perhaps her most loved-up posts with her new boyfriend to her Instagram stories. In the clip, the couple stuck their tongues out at the camera, before Kim pouted and Pete leaned in for a kiss before giving her a sweet hug. Their relationship has been going from strength to strength ever since they began dating in October. Kim met the comedian when she appeared as a guest host on SNL that month and they shared a kiss during an Aladdin sketch. After a string of secret dates, they confirmed their romance and recently made their first red carpet debut at the Met Gala, where Pete rocked up alongside Kim on the red carpet. Kim filed for divorce from husband Kanye West in February 2021 and the rapper initially expressed his dislike for Pete but appears to have moved on with his own relationship, now dating model Chaney Jones. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Margaret Qualley ‘engaged to Jack Antonoff’ after debuting diamond ring at Cannes MORE : Tom Hanks recalls Queen knocking back her favourite cocktail at special dinner: ‘It wasn’t water in a glass’ 