A mum who wants her brain-damaged son to be able to stay on life support said she is ‘praying for a miracle’. Archie Battersbee, 12, was put into a coma after his mum found him with a wound and a ligature on his head. Hollie Dance, 46, believes her son may have been taking part in a dangerous online challenge. The little boy has since been put on life support at the Royal London Hospital in Whitechapel, east London. But specialists believe it is ‘highly likely’ Archie is already dead and they have recommended he be taken off life support machines. Archie’s parents have been fighting back at the High Court, asking to give their son more time to bounce back. A judge on Friday ruled that Archie should be given a a brain-stem test – to assess whether his brain is performing the functions needed to keep someone alive. Archie’s mum quickly responded to the decision and said: ‘I am trying to be there for my little boy while also fighting a legal battle, it is so difficult and unfair. ‘Archie had a severe brain injury only four weeks ago, there’s not been enough time to see what he can do. ‘He has squeezed my fingers with a tight grip. I think that’s his way of letting me know he’s still here and just needs more time.’ She continued: ‘Only a few days ago, he began to open his eyes. When his ventilator tube was being replaced, tears appeared in his eyes. ‘Until it’s God’s way I won’t accept he should go. I know of miracles when people have come back from being brain dead. ‘He may not be the same as he was but if there’s a possibility he could live a happy life after this, I want to give it to him.’ Ms Dance also posted on Facebook today, giving her family’s followers and supporters an update. She said: ‘Sorry I’ve been a bit distant. Feeling broken but I’m not giving up. ‘Arch is stable this morning although the machine’s going a bit berserk not sure why. I’m going to do a live prayer tomorrow and hopefully video Arch for you all to help heal him.’ The test is essentially the judge ruling in favour of the hospital’s governing trust – the Barts Health NHS Trust. Both Ms Dance and Archie’s dad, Paul Battersbee, 56, are worried about the reliability and effects of the test. The parents are separated but they both live in Southend, Essex, where Archie is from. The Barts Health NHS Trust said: ‘This is an incredibly sad situation and our thoughts and sympathies are with Archie and his family at this time. ‘Following the decision that brain stem testing is in Archie’s best interests, we will now take steps to arrange the testing to take place next week as directed by the court.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.