Tory MPs have been accused of siding with ‘profiteering oil and gas companies’ after voting down a windfall tax that Labour says could save struggling families £600 this year. The opposition party tabled an amendment to the Queen’s Speech backing a one-off levy on North Sea firms to help people who have been plunged into poverty amid the cost of living crisis. But MPs rejected the move by 310 votes to 248. Following the vote, Shaddow climate change minister Ed Miliband said: ‘Every Conservative MP who voted against the windfall tax tonight has condemned millions of families to misery and anxiety as they struggle to pay their energy bills. ‘Tonight a message has been sent by the government that they will do everything they can to protect the oil and gas companies, and refuse to act to protect families; it says everything you need to know about where the Tories stand. ‘This is a government that will never put working people first, will never stand up to the vested interests and has no answers to the cost-of-living crisis this country faces.’ Earlier, the former Labour leader implored Chancellor Rishi Sunak to ‘swallow your pride’ and back the measure. During a heated debate in the House of Commons, he said he would have ‘no idea’ how he would cope with soaring energy bills if he was on the basic level of Universal Credit. He added on the windfall tax: ‘The truth is, they have run out of excuses, and amidst the chaos and confusion about what their position is, I think a massive U-turn is lumbering slowly over the hill. ‘But I say this to the Chancellor: swallow your pride and get on with it.’ Until recently, ministers have repeatedly ruled out the idea of a windfall tax, warning it could damage investment in energy infrastructure. That argument was undermined by the boss of BP, who said the levy wouldn’t affect his pledge to invest £18bn into the economy by 2030. Both the chancellor and prime minister have now indicated they would support the measure if investment promises don’t come to fruition. Mr Sunak repeated his claim that ‘no option is off the table’ today, saying that if oil and gas giants do not invest their profits back into ‘jobs and growth’ then the policy could be introduced. Some senior Tories indicated their support for the Labour proposal, with Conservative former minister Robert Halfon labelling oil company bosses ‘the new oligarchs’. He told MPs: ‘The oil bosses are earning multimillion-pound salaries and getting multimillion-pound bonuses, they are in essence in my view the new oligarchs and I would urge him to consider both a windfall tax on the oil companies, which we can then use to cut taxes for the lower paid or cut energy bills, and also introduce a pump watch monitor to make sure that there is fair competition, that consumers get a fair deal at the pumps.’ However, not a single Conservative MP voted in favour of imposing a windfall tax on oil and gas producers. It comes after a grim warning that schools could be forced to cut their portion sizes for meals due to the soaring cost of food. Andrew Selley, chief executive of wholesaler Bidfood, said schools might also have to use cheaper ingredients in a bid to counter rapidly rising prices. Meanwhile, chairman of Marks & Spencer warned that food prices could soar by as much as 10% this year. And Andrew Bailey, governor of the Bank of England, said that households could witness an ‘apocalyptic’ shock from rampant food inflation. Analysts have predicted that overall inflation could rise sharply to 9.1% for April, when the latest official data is given by the Office for National Statistics (ONS) on Wednesday. Rising prices come on top of rising energy bills and taxes, leading to the biggest decline in living standards in 70 years as wages fail to keep up. Conservative MPs have come under fire for ‘out of touch advice’ to help struggling families, including telling them ‘get better better paid jobs’, ‘cook from scratch’ and buy ‘value branded’ food. A variety of factors have sent the cost of living soaring, including the war in Ukraine and a spike in the price of wholesale gas. Mr Miliband hit out at the government for trying to blame other people, telling the commons: ‘Here is the roll call of people the government has tried to blame in the last few days: the Bank of England, civil servants working from home, shamefully the British people being unable to work properly, people not working enough hours.’ Labour claims that half a million children will be in ‘absolute poverty’ by the end of the year. The party says a windfall tax on gas and oil companies could fund a subsidy package, reducing the average energy bill by around a third, or £600 per year.  Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 