Michael Owen has made his prediction for the Champions League final, backing ‘exceptional’ Liverpool to ‘blow away’ Real Madrid and be crowned champions of Europe for a seventh time. Jurgen Klopp’s Liverpool face Carlo Ancelotti’s Real Madrid in the 67th Champions League final in Paris on Saturday night. While they narrowly missed out on the Premier League title to Manchester City, Liverpool have enjoyed a brilliant season and are bidding to lift their third trophy of the year following wins over Chelsea in the EFL and FA Cup finals. Liverpool won the most recent of their sixth Champions League titles in 2019, a year after Klopp’s side lost to Real Madrid in the final. Madrid have also impressed this term, lifting the La Liga title and enjoying a miraculous run to the Champions League final. The Spanish side, who will attempt to win a record-extending 14th Champions League, looked set to be knocked out by Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and Man City but overcame all three clubs to reach another final. Despite Real Madrid’s brilliant run, former England striker Owen expects Liverpool to triumph in this weekend’s showpiece and says the Premier League giants should be ‘too good’ for the La Liga winners.  ‘I think Liverpool are better than Real Madrid and they could blow them away. 3-1 or 3-0 is my prediction,’ said Owen, who played for both clubs. ‘I think they could beat them reasonably convincingly because they are an exceptional team at the minute and are too good for Madrid.’ Speaking to the Daily Mail, Owen added: ‘Real Madrid have just done phenomenally well to get to the final’ ‘I’m sure they believe their name is on the title what with scrapping through the group stage and then of course Chelsea was incredible how they got through that. Manchester City was just mind-blowing how they beat them as well. ‘But I think Liverpool are so experienced and so good. They won’t want to get into a grind with them because I think Madrid are the ultimate team when it comes to know-how and winning close games.’ Brazilian forward Vinicius Junior has been one of the stars of Real Madrid’s Champions League campaign and Owen has warned Liverpool that he could be a ‘weapon’ in Paris. ‘I think Liverpool will probably have a lot of the ball because I think Madrid will be keen to prevent spaces in behind them for the likes of Mo Salah and Sadio Mane to run into,’ the 42-year-old said. ‘But I also think they will want to sit deep to actually encourage Liverpool to play that high line and then try to exploit it on the counter-attack. ‘Any opponent will be looking at Liverpool and thinking the way we can beat them is to try and get in behind them. ‘When Trent Alexander-Arnold moves forward, they’ve got Vinicius that could really hurt Liverpool in that position. ‘Everybody does the same thing and everyone tries it. Whether you can actually do it is another matter. No question Madrid will be looking at Liverpool’s high line, they’ll be looking at Trent going forward a lot and they’ll be thinking Vinicius is going to be a weapon. ‘I think Ancelotti will try to expose that area and Vinicius will be one of their key components. Benzema is in great form of course, but I think it’s in behind and Vinicius’s pace that they might try to exploit. ‘Liverpool play a very similar way no matter what, similar formation, and I don’t think there will be any surprises from Liverpool.  They’ll play exactly how they normally play and it’s normally good enough to win. ‘Real Madrid are more likely to want it to be a tactical affair and I definitely expect them to be a counter-attacking team.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 