A woman had her hand ‘gnawed’ at by a male pig during a shocking attack in Australia. Kay Robins had tried to shoo away the animal from her friend’s garden. But the boar launched itself at the 51-year-old and began biting at her hands and arms. Her finger tip was ripped off during the horrific ordeal in Townsville, Australia. The attack only came to an end after a neighbour heard her screams for help and intervened. Kay was left with a broken finger, bite marks on her legs and arms and deep cuts across her hand. She told 7NEWS: ‘I put my hands down to try and stop him from eating my legs… and he just started to grab my hands. ‘I had the piece of bamboo in my right hand, I was poking him in the eye when he was chewing on this hand, and he wasn’t even batting an eyelid. It was not making the slightest bit of difference.’ The boar sunk his teeth into her hand and continued ‘chomping’, she added. Pig hunter Guy Keven told Daily Mail Australia feral pigs in Townsville tend to be more dangerous than others in the country. The 51-year-old explained: ‘Once they start [attacking] they don’t give up. ‘Just stay away from them, that’s the best thing – 99 per cent of the time, they go away. ‘Normally they try and get away unless they’re injured or cornered, most of them only attack if they have got little suckers, or they can’t get away.’ He said the wild boar which attacked Kay would have been ‘confused’ when she tried to scare off the group. He added: ‘By the sounds of it, she has come out, and these pigs have run out, but old dopey’s got stuck behind the fence … she’s waving her arms, well of course he’s not going to just stand there.’ Kay was in hospital for six days to be treated for her injuries. Medics had to wait for swelling on her hands to go down before they could stitch together her wounds. Even now, she still struggles to move her fingers, and has urged the authorities in Australia to clamp down on the problem of feral pigs. Authorities have carried out culling projects in the past to try reduce numbers. But today, it is estimated that the country is still home to up to 24 million feral pigs. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.