It’s the early 00s, you’re shopping on the high street with your mum for a new outfit to wear for the school disco. You walk into Tammy Girl and you’re overwhelmed by stylish options: a one-shoulder blue top with the word ‘FUNKY’ written in rhinestones, jean pedal pushers with floral motifs on the bottom, a dragon motif crop top – the choices are endless. Times are good. Then out of nowhere, in 2005, Tammy Girl closes its high street shops after being bought by BHS – leaving pre-teens everywhere devastated. But now, after a 17-year hiatus, Tammy Girl is back – as ASOS has relaunched the brand on its website. That’s right, you can now buy the nostalgic brand again and be reunited with some of your childhood favourites. The pieces on offer are considerably less tragic than they were in the 90s and 00s, but they still pay homage to the past – with a contemporary Y2K revival twist. Shoppers can feast on one-shoulder butterfly tops, ruched mini shirts and halter tops – alongside classic ‘Tammy Girl’ slogan tees. They’ve even resurrected the signature ‘babes with attitude’ top. So there’s no denying you’ll probably find something resembling your childhood wardrobe. Prices start from £15 – but we have a feeling these pieces won’t be around for very long, so there’s no time to waste. Brace yourselves for a Tammy Girl summer.  Buy it now for £34.99  Buy it now for £20  Buy it now for £27  Buy it now for £30  Buy it now for £15 This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Could flirty mini dresses be the next big wedding trend? These are some of our favourites MORE : Woman discovers suitcase full of grandmother’s vintage 1950s fashion MORE : Blokecore: The men’s fashion trend throwing it back to Britpop’s heyday