The Queen is hoping to make another public appearance next week, her latest in a run of outings after months of near-total absence. She plans to attend the Chelsea Flower Show if she is well enough, Buckingham Palace has said. Members of the royal family are expected to visit the event at the Royal Hospital Chelsea on May 23 ahead of its official opening the following day. The palace has briefed that a decision over the Queen’s attendance will not be taken until the day of the planned visit. The 96-year-old has been dealing with ongoing health issues since at least October 2021. It remains unclear why the Queen spent a night in hospital late last year but officials have since disclosed she has struggled with a back problem and ‘episodic mobility issues’. She has been forced to pull out of high profile formal occasions like Remembrance Sunday and the state opening of parliament over the past six months. But the last week has seen the Queen make several public appearances, raising hopes her condition may be improving. Last week, she was twice seen at the Royal Windsor Horse Show, an event she has not missed since the 1940s. It was her first public engagement since attending a memorial service for her late husband Prince Philip. And earlier this week, the Queen made a surprise appearance to officially open the Elizabeth line at London’s Paddington Station. Royal-watchers will hope that the run of recent public engagements will mean she is well enough to attend celebrations marking the Platinum Jubilee in two weeks. The Queen has been the Royal Horticultural Society’s patron since 1952 and was a regular visitor to the Chelsea Flower Show with her parents as a child, going on to attend more than 50 times during her 70-year reign. The Earl and Countess of Wessex, Princess Beatrice, the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester, the Duke of Kent, Prince and Princess Michael of Kent and Princess Alexandra are confirmed to be attending. Among the displays will be The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Garden, which will feature laser-cut steel silhouettes of the monarch, surrounded by 70 planted terracotta pots, representing each year of her reign. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.