Indian singer Krishnakumar Kunnath, known as KK, has died at the age of 53. The musician is said to have died after suffering a cardiac arrest following a concert he performed at Nazrul Mancha, Kolkata on Tuesday May 31. Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of India, said he was ‘saddened’ by KK’s death in a statement shared on social media, praising the ‘range of emotions’ the late musician conveyed in his music. ‘Saddened by the untimely demise of noted singer Krishnakumar Kunnath popularly known as KK. His songs reflected a wide range of emotions as struck a chord with people of all age groups,’ the Prime Minister wrote. ‘We will always remember him through his songs. Condolences to his family and fans. Om Shanti.’ Composer Vishal Dadlani tweeted: ‘The tears won’t stop. What a guy he was. What a voice, what a heart, what a human being. #KK is FOREVER!!!’ ‘Extremely sad and shocked to know of the sad demise of KK. What a loss! Om Shanti,’ said actor Akshay Kumar. ‘So sad to hear about KK’s death. He sang the first song of my first film,’ added filmmaker Vivek Ranjan Agnihotri. ‘A great friend since then. Why so early, KK, why? But you have left behind a treasure of a playlist. Very difficult night. ॐ शांति। Artists like KK never die.’ KK was one of the most successful Indian singers of the 2000s, performing in a range of languages including Gujarati, Hindi, Marathi, Tamil, Assamese, Telugu, Bengali, Kannada, Malayalam and Assamese. Having begun his career singing jingles for adverts, he went on to sing in films, singing Hindi and Telugu-language renditions of songs by composer AR Rahman. His debut album, Pal, was released in 1999, with every track on the record achieving huge success across India. Hours ago, the singer shared a post on Instagram of his performance in Kolkata, writing in the caption: ‘Pulsating gig tonight at Nazrul Mancha. Vivekananda College !! Love you all.’ KK is survived by his wife Jyothy and a son and a daughter. MORE : Ronnie Hawkins, rockabilly star and mentor to the Band, dies aged 87 MORE : Porridge actress Patricia Brake dies aged 79 after long cancer battle