Two prisoners took a baby batterer hostage and attacked him with tuna tin-filled socks during a two-hour ordeal. Tony Smith, who abused his little boy so badly both his legs had to be amputated, was battered by two inmates at Swaleside Prison on the Isle of Sheppey in Kent. He could now be in line for tax-payer funded compensation as the prison service has an obligation to keep inmates safe at all times. Michael Stewart and Nathan Odgers struck Smith repeatedly with their improvised coshes after tying him to his cell bed during the incident. The pair were initially unaware of their captive’s identity and wicked crime, Maidstone Crown Court was told. The two men had pushed Smith, then aged 47, into his single cell on August 7 2018 and told him to go along with their hostage plan being staged in protest at being at the notorious category B jail dubbed ‘Stabside’. But it turned violent when fellow inmates shouted out who he was and why he was in jail. Stewart and Odgers, themselves victims of physical child abuse and neglect, then launched their brutal assault which left the tins ‘heavily dented’ and Smith needing hospital treatment for multiple teeth fractures and bruising. Six months earlier, he had been jailed for 10 years alongside girlfriend Jody Simpson after they were convicted at the same court of inflicting numerous limb fractures to their young son Tony, resulting in multi-organ failure and sepsis. So horrific were his injuries, which also included a hip dislocation and head trauma, that the youngster had to have surgery to amputate both legs at the knee. Stewart, 31, and Odgers, 36, both admitted false imprisonment and assault causing actual bodily harm. Prosecutor Jane Carpenter said it was just before 4.45pm when Stewart and Odgers pounced on Smith, pushing him from behind and head-first onto his bed as he returned to his cell from collecting his meal. He did not know the pair or have any issues with them, she added, and they had been placed on the same wing to await transfer to other prisons With the cell door locking automatically behind them, they then held Smith down and used strips of his bedding to restrain him, telling him ‘Do what we tell you to do and you’ll be alright’. A wardrobe was pushed across the door and the observation panel blocked with toilet paper as the pair demanded to speak to a governor. ‘They then pulled out socks weighted with full tins of tuna and began to hit Mr Smith over the head and body,’ said Ms Carpenter. ‘They were encouraging each other, saying “Hit him harder, he deserves it” and “Cut his ear off”.’ As officers tried to get into the cell and a governor and a negotiation team were called, they continued to hit and kick their hostage, the court heard. Some of the attack was captured on guards’ bodyworn camera, as well as sounds of violence and laughter, said Ms Carpenter. ‘They discussed Mr Smith’s offence and said he should have his legs chopped off,” she told the court. ‘One said “I should chop this guy to pieces. He deserves that at the very least”.’ At one point Smith complained he was being strangled, only for his captors to dismiss it as ‘play-fighting’, the court heard. Officers in riot gear eventually forced their way into the cell just before 7pm and the men calmly surrendered. Smith was still tied to his bed. The prosecutor said: ‘His face was extremely swollen and bruised. He was taken to hospital and found to have multiple dental fractures, bruising and tenderness to his eye socket and spine. ‘He had 12 tooth extractions, four fillings and was fitted with dentures to his upper teeth.’ Smith claimed to have also been threatened with a blade but no such weapon was found. He denied being part of the planned hostage-taking and said he had been left ‘in a great state of anxiety and fearful for the future’. Neither Stewart, who has spent most of his adult life behind bars with 72 previous offences, nor Odgers were charged in respect of the attack until March last year. Dad of four Odgers, who has 45 previous crimes to his name, was serving a sentence of 10-and-a-half years for offences of aggravated burglary and firearm possession at the time. Sarah McIntyre, defending Stewart, said Smith had initially been ‘complicit’ to being held hostage. Explaining how the violence erupted however, she told the court: ‘Mr Stewart says he didn’t know who the prisoner was and that others shouted to them who he was and that he had caused a child to have his legs amputated, hence the reference to having his legs chopped off.’ Allen Wellington, representing Odgers, said the attack happened in an ’emotional response’ to learning of their captive’s identity. ‘Anthony Smith was effectively ‘in on this’, it was an agreement between them with the intention of Mr Odgers to be moved to another prison,’ he told the court. ‘There was no intention to use violence until he became aware of the nature of Mr Smith’s previous offence, communicated to them by other prisoners standing outside the cell.’ Judge Jeremy Donne QC criticised the ‘extraordinary 19-month delay’ in charging and bringing the case to court. Passing sentence, he accepted their motivation for the attack was a prison move and said had it been one of ‘retribution or vigilantism’ he doubted there would have been the delay in using violence. Stewart was jailed for three years and eight months while Odgers was given a four-and-a-half year sentence. As the victim of a jail attack, Smith will now be entitled to claim not only for his physical injuries but also any mental stress or trauma suffered. The possible taxpayer-funded payout has been slammed by Paula Hudgell, the adoptive mum of Smith’s now seven-year-old son, Tony, who became a pandemic lockdown hero when he raised more than £1.6million for the hospital which saved his life and provides ongoing treatment. Paula, 53, who lives in West Malling, Kent, said she was ‘horrified’ that her son’s abuser could financially benefit from his injuries. ‘I cannot condone this violence in any way but it clearly demonstrates the disgust felt by society – and even by hardened criminals – as to what Smith did to a defenceless, newborn baby,’ she said. ‘He and his girlfriend left Tony at death’s door and with injuries so bad that his life is affected forever. ‘So it’s horrifying to think Smith could now be compensated for a few bruises and broken teeth. ‘Perhaps if he is truly sorry for what he did, he will hand over any money he receives to charity.’ Last week, Tony’s Law introducing tougher jail terms for those convicted of child cruelty offences was given Royal Assent under the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Bill. Smith and Simpson, convicted in February 2018 of offences of causing or allowing serious physical harm to a child and child cruelty, are due for release in August this year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.