Hairy Bikers star Dave Myers has revealed he has been battling cancer and undergoing chemotherapy, joking that he’ll be a ‘baldy biker’ for now. The chef, TV star, and former Strictly contestant, reassured fans that the ‘prognosis is okay’ and that he’s ‘going to be fine’. Dave, 64, opened up about his treatment on his podcast with fellow star Si King, saying: ‘Anyway Kingy, I’ve got to come clean now, I haven’t been too well recently and basically, I’ve got to have some chemo, you know all this anyway. ‘So this year is going to be a bit quiet for me, I’m not going to be filming, some of the festivals I’m not going to be able to go to, some may be okay but this year’s a bit of a write off for us. ‘I have had to speak up about this because I don’t want to hide under a rock, but I would love it if people respected my privacy and just let me get on with it and give Si and our team all the support they need, that would be great. But look, the prognosis is okay, I’m going to be fine.’ He continued on the Agony Uncles podcast: ‘I’ve just got to tuck in, look after myself, eat sensibly and get over this mess, flog books, and be a happy person so within that, that’s where I am. ‘I may be a baldy biker for a while so it’s just a warning. I don’t want to make a fuss about it, I look alright bald actually.’ Si, 55, responded: ‘No listen, when I first met you, dude, you looked like an upside -down Hells Angel so I like that look, I’ve always liked that look, you look cool.’ Dave quipped: ‘Yeah I know, and under different circumstances I would embrace it more,  I feel, but under these circumstances it’s simply something I have to live with, get on with it, and crack on!’ Si and Dave, who have known each other since the 1990s, are best known for their cooking and travel TV shows and cookery books. Last year, Dave battled Covid-19, with Si revealing that it had ‘hit him hard’. MORE : Hairy Bikers’ Si King shares update on Dave Myers as he continues to battle Covid: ‘It’s hit him a little bit harder than we anticipated’ MORE : Hairy Bikers’ Si King reveals Dave Myers is ‘not well’ with Covid as he joins The One Show solo 