The lowest-income households in Britain are eligible for a £650 grant to help them with the soaring cost of living crisis, Rishi Sunak has announced. He unveiled a £15 billion support package on May 26 to address spiralling costs of everyday items, food and bills which also includes every household in Britain receiving £400. Sunak also announced a ‘windfall tax’ for energy giants and doubled the existing £200 energy rebate. But what is the £650 grant, who is eligible and how does it work? The Treasury announced 8 million of those on the lowest incomes are eligible for the one-off payment of £650. This means those already on a range of benefits are eligible for the grant. It will be paid to households directly in two lump sums. The first payment will be made in July and the second one will be made in autumn. The government also announced the £650 grant will be tax-free and will not affect individuals’ current benefits awards or the benefit cap. Sunak said the package means 8 million vulnerable households will receive £1,200 of direct support in total through the £650 grant, the £400 grant and the £150 council tax rebate, which has already been announced by the government. The government website states that households on means tested benefits are eligible for the £650 grant, these include: Claimants will need to be in receipt of these benefits or have started a claim by Wednesday, May 25. Windfall tax Rishi Sunak spent months opposing the idea of a ‘windfall tax’ and although he did not say ‘windfall’ he did announce at the beginning of his speech a ‘energy profits levy’ to raise £5 billion in a year. This will hit oil and gas firms by 25% on extraordinary profits, which increased drastically since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. An 80% investments allowance was announced that will dent North Sea firms’ investment to save them 91p for every £1 they spend. Universal energy grant The cost of living crisis has worsened since the chancellor announced an energy bills discount which was effectively a £200 loan. This has now been doubled and all households will now received a one-off £400 grant this October. Targeted measures As well as the £650 grant to low-income households, pensioners will receive a separate one-off payment of £300 and £150 for those receiving disability benefits. Second home owners Controversially, Rishi Sunak announced people with more than one home will get £400 off the energy bill for each house they own, with no limit on the number of households they can claim for. It is not yet known how many of the wealthiest households will receive this one off payment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.