Bombshell pictures which appear to show Boris Johnson partying in Number 10 during the second national lockdown have emerged. The images, published by ITV News, cast fresh doubts on how truthful the Prime Minister has been in his account of the partygate saga. Mr Johnson can be seen toasting pixelated staff at the event, which the broadcaster says took place on November 13, 2020. Bottles of alcohol and food can be seen on the table in front of him – with at least eight people standing closely together. Coronavirus restrictions at the time said just two people from different households were allowed to mix indoors. But the PM, who appears to be making a toast with a glass of fizz in the images, went on to claim, in Parliament, that there was no party in Number 10 that day. Labour MP Catherine West asked him in the Commons: ‘Will the prime minister tell the House whether there was a party in Downing Street on 13 November?’ He replied: ‘No, but I’m sure whatever happened the guidance… and the rules were followed at all times.’ Deliberately misleading Parliament, is – by convention – normally a resigning matter. The PM went on to repeatedly claim, both in the Commons and to the public, that there were no parties in his own home and workplace, before the police found that there in fact had been. The Metropolitan Police duly fined Mr Johnson for breaking the law – but only once, despite a series of parties taking place in Number 10 and across Whitehall, many of which the PM attended. The force has not fined Mr Johnson for his attendance at the November 13 event, after concluding its investigation into the saga last week. But Scotland Yard did issue a fine to at least one individual who attended a gathering on the date of Mr Cain’s leaving do. The Met declined to say what the offending event was or to explain why the PM was not fined over the leaving party. The latest revelation comes as senior civil servant Sue Gray prepares to deliver her report on the scandal, in what is expected to be an extremely damaging moment for the PM, who has faced continued and widespread calls to resign. This gathering is said to have been a leaving do for Downing Street’s then director of communications, Lee Cain. Eight days earlier, Mr Johnson had imposed England’s second national lockdown, which lasted for four weeks. A No 10 spokeswoman said this afternoon: ‘The Cabinet Office and the Met Police have had access to all information relevant to their investigations, including photographs. ‘The Met have concluded their investigation and Sue Gray will publish her report in the coming days, at which point the Prime Minister will address Parliament in full.’ The suggestion that the police have seen the pictures is likely to raise further questions about why officers did not fine Mr Johnson over the event. Labour’s deputy leader Angela Rayner accused Boris Johnson of undoubtedly lying over rule-breaking parties in Downing Street. She said: ‘While the British public were making huge sacrifices, Boris Johnson was breaking the law. ‘Boris Johnson said repeatedly that he knew nothing about law-breaking – there’s no doubt now, he lied. Boris Johnson made the rules, and then broke them. ‘The Prime Minister has demeaned his office. The British people deserve better. While Labour has a plan for tackling the cost-of-living crisis, Tory MPs are too busy defending the indefensible actions of Boris Johnson.’ The Commons Privileges Committee is due to investigate whether Mr Johnson lied to Parliament with his denials of rule-breaking. Liberal Democrat deputy leader Daisy Cooper said the images show Mr Johnson ‘has taken the British people for fools’ and called for Tories to remove the PM from office. ‘It’s becoming clearer than ever that Boris Johnson lied to the British people and to Parliament’, she said. ‘Conservative MPs must do their duty and sack this law-breaking Prime Minister. Every day he remains in office will do more damage to public trust and to our democracy.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Questions over PM’s ‘secret meeting’ with Sue Gray ahead of this week’s report