Joe Biden mocked his predecessor Donald Trump as a ‘horrible plague’ during a light-hearted return to a famously flippant awards dinner boycotted by the former US President. Mr Biden mocked his own approval ratings and poked fun at journalists in the first appearance by a US President at a White House Correspondents Association dinner since 2016. Addressing various media figures in Washington, he said: ‘I’m really excited to be here tonight with the only group of Americans with a lower approval rating than I have. ‘This is the first time the president attended this dinner in six years. ‘It’s understandable, we had a horrible plague, followed by two years of Covid.’ The White House press corps association has hosted presidents for an annual black tie dinner since 1924. And for years, US leaders have made joke-filled speech and accepted mockery of their own – but Mr Trump took exception to the treatment and opted not to attend. The last gala before Covid-19 featured neither the president nor even a comedian – after the 2018 event saw comedian Michelle Wolf’s jokes upset Trump press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. However, last night Mr Biden resumed the tradition and was the butt of a number of jokes from comedian Trevor Noah. Covid-19 vaccinations were mandatory for the gala, but many questioned the wisdom of the 79-year-old president attending – especially after vice president Kamala Harris tested positive last week. The President skipped the meal itself as a precaution but did not don a mask. Mr Noah opened his speech saying he was honoured to host ‘the nation’s most distinguished super-spreader event.’ Journalists ‘have been so hard on you, which I don’t get’, he joked to Biden. ‘Ever since you’ve come into office, things are really looking up – you know, gas is up, rent is up, food is up. Everything.’ Mr Biden laughed throughout. He had introduced Mr Noah by saying: ‘Trevor, the really good news is, now you get to roast the president of the United States.’ ‘And unlike in Moscow, you won’t go to jail.’ Journalists, media executives, administration officials and celebrities – including Kim Kardashian and comedian Pete Davidson – were 2,600 attendees at the event, which splits opinion and is slated as cringeworthy by some. The Washington Hilton event also included slideshows honouring the first two female Black reporters to join the White House Correspondents Association, and journalists who lost their lives in recent months covering Ukraine. There were also serious references to the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, and challenges to democracy and media freedoms at home and abroad. Mr Biden acknowledged journalists covering the war in Ukraine and warned of ‘a poison running through our democracy… with disinformation massively on the rise’. ‘You, the free press, matter more than you ever did in the last century,’ he added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Joe Biden calls for selling Russian oligarchs’ seized yachts to fund aid to Ukraine