Amber Heard once promised to donate her entire divorce settlement to charity, but confirmed in court that she is yet to do so. The Aquaman actress’ cross-examination in the libel trial against her ex-husband Johnny Depp continued on Monday, with the former couple counter-suing each other. Depp’s lawyers are arguing that a 2018 article published by Heard in The Washington Post, suggested that he was physically and sexually abusive towards her during their marriage, despite not naming him in the article. During the latest episode of the bombshell trial, Heard was asked about her pledge to donate $3.5million (£2.8m) to the ACLU charity. The 36-year-old has said in a past interview and while under oath in Depp’s libel case in the UK in 2020, that she would donate the entirety of the divorce settlement she received – $7m (£5.6m) – to charity. In 2018, Heard appeared on Dutch talk show RTL Late Night and said: ‘$7million in total was donated – I split it between the ACLU and the Children’s Hospital of Los Angeles. I wanted nothing.’ This week she told the court that she has been unable to ‘because Johnny sued me for $50m (£40m) in March of 2019’. She added: ‘I fully intend to honour all of my pledges. I would love for him to stop suing me so I can.’ Earlier in the current libel case, Terence Dougherty, the ACLU’s Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel, said that so far only a total of $1.3m (£1m) has been donated either by Heard or on her behalf. Heard is said to have donated $350,000 (£282k) herself in December 2018 but has not paid any money since. Depp paid $100,000 (£80.5k) while another $350,000 came from a fund at Fidelity, an investment company. A further $500,000 (£403k) donation came from an account at investment firm Vanguard, which Dougherty said he ‘believed was a fund set up by Elon Musk’, who Heard dated following her divorce. When asked by her laywer Elain Bredehoft why she accepted a $7m settlement from Depp, Heard said: ‘I didn’t care about the money. I was told if I didn’t agree to a number it could be overturned, we would never settle. ‘I took far less than what they were offering and what I was entitled to.’ The actress added that she was ‘never interested in Johnny’s money’. ‘I just wanted my safety and my future and he compromised that… I wanted him to leave me alone. I’ve been saying that since 2016,’ she told the court. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : John Lydon blasts Sex Pistols biopic over ‘dubious’ sleazy content ahead of Disney Plus release: ‘They have gone for the wrong end of things’ MORE : ‘End of an era’: BBC Breakfast stars bid farewell to Dan Walker as presents last show before moving to Channel 5 