The official UK Covid Alert Level has moved from level 4 to level 3, meaning that the pressure of the current wave is thought to have reduced. It comes despite two rare variants of Omicron being reclassified as variants of concern, because they could spread more quickly or evade immunity. The two strains are Omicron BA.4 and BA.5, which the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) is now monitoring. Only a small number of cases of these have been identified so far in the country, but analysis suggests they are likely to have a ‘growth advantage’ over Omicron BA.2, which is currently the dominant variant. Government officials said: ‘The current BA.2 driven Omicron wave is subsiding. ‘Direct COVID-19 healthcare pressures continue to decrease in all nations and ONS community positivity estimates continue to decrease. ‘We would like to thank healthcare staff for their remarkable efforts during a challenging time.  ‘Whilst it is reasonable to expect the number of cases to increase due to BA.4, BA.5 or BA2.12.1, it is unlikely in the immediate future to lead to significant direct COVID pressures. This will continue to be kept under review.’ As of today, 115 cases of probable or confirmed BA.4 have been identified, with 67 in England, 41 in Scotland, six in Wales and one in Northern Ireland. Some 80 cases of BA.5 have been identified, with 48 in England, 25 in Scotland, six in Northern Ireland and one in Wales. Dr Meera Chand, UKHSA director of clinical and emerging infections, said: ‘The reclassification of these variants as variants of concern reflects emerging evidence on the growth of BA.4 and BA.5 internationally and in the UK. ‘Whilst the impact of these variants is uncertain, the variant classification system aims to identify potential risk as early as possible. ‘UKHSA is undertaking further detailed studies. Data and analysis will be released in due course through our regular surveillance reporting.’ There is currently no data to determine the impact of the variants on hospital admissions in the UK. But initial findings suggest BA.4 and BA.5 have a degree of ‘immune escape’ – meaning the immune system can no longer recognise or fight a virus as well despite previous infection or vaccination – which is likely to contribute to their growth advantage over BA.2, the UKHSA added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.