Edwin van der Sar has delivered an emotional message to outgoing Ajax manager Erik ten Hag as the Dutch club wrapped up the Eredivisie title before the boss makes the move to Manchester United. A dominant 5-0 victory over Heerenveen on Wednesday night secured the Dutch title, the third of Ten Hag’s reign, and it will be the last after he agreed a switch to Old Trafford. It has been a superb stint in charge of the famous club for the Dutchman, though, with two KNVB Cups and a memorable run to the Champions League semi-finals as well. Van der Sar, who is a Manchester United hero himself but now works as chief executive at Ajax, has thanked Ten Hag for his superb work and wished him the best as he moves to the Premier League giants. ‘You surpassed all expectations,’ Van der Sar told Ten Hag on ESPN. ‘Dominant football, semi-final Champions League, league titles. ‘You will leave for a club that is close to my heart. I wish you all the best there. Thank you, Erik ten Hag!’ Manchester United were quick to compliment their next manager as well, hailing his achievements at Ajax over his near-five years in charge. After Ajax’s title win, a statement on the United website read: ‘Our future manager Erik ten Hag won his third Eredivisie title with Ajax on Wednesday evening. ‘Ten Hag has a reputation as an attack-minded manager and that has certainly been evident with his side this term. Ajax have an impressive goal difference of 79, having scored 96 goals in the league so far. ‘Perhaps even more impressive is the defensive resilience of Ten Hag’s team. In 33 matches, Ajax have conceded a mere 17 goals, 15 fewer than the next nearest team. ‘Off the back of the Dutchman’s latest success, we look forward to welcoming Ten Hag to Old Trafford next season. Congratulations, Erik!’ Club Brugge boss Alfred Schreuder will replace Ten Hag as Ajax manager. MORE : Manchester United congratulate Erik ten Hag as incoming manager wins Eredivisie title with Ajax MORE : Kevin De Bruyne sends message to Erling Haaland with Manchester City goal celebration For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 