Russians are now being told that Brits are resorting to cannibalism to get through the cost of living crisis. Pro-Kremlin outlet TsargradTV has blamed – and dramatically exaggerated – the UK’s economic issues on sanctions against Russia. Britain’s support for Ukraine has supposedly backfired so badly that the population has been left with no choice but to eat each other, the station suggested. TsargradTV claimed that the UK had fallen victim to the ‘risk of cannibalism’, as Europe faces ‘starvation’. The outlet, owned by Putin-supporting businessman Konstantin Malofeev, published a story this week called ‘Cold, Hunger, Cannibalism: London fell into its own Ukrainian pit.’ It read: ‘Things are not going well in the UK. While politicians are playing into the Ukrainian crisis, their own population is preparing for starvation. ‘And journalists begin to say terrible things aloud, reminding them of the risk of cannibalism. ‘Europe is seeing an explosion in prices, and politicians are talking about the threat of mass starvation. ‘In some cities of Britain, a state of emergency is introduced due to food shortages. ‘The crisis lasts only a few weeks. And the British are already being pushed towards… cannibalism!’ To back up these claims, TsargradTV cited a quote from Jeremy Clarkson’s column in The Times which said: ‘Hunger makes people eat their neighbours’. Mr Clarkson was indeed writing about the war’s effect on the UK’s food supply but, needless to say, he was not actually reporting that Brits have turned to eating each other. Russia is one of the biggest agricultural exporters but it is equaled and topped across different food categories by countries including the US, China and India. Whilst the UK gets most of its food from Europe, Russia and Ukraine together account for a quarter of global wheat exports. Brits are struggling with a cost of living crisis as inflation pushes prices up, with energy and household bills skyrocketing. Chancellor Rishi Sunak today announced a windfall tax on energy firms who have recorded extraordinary profits while people face record hikes on fuel bills. The move is supposed to go towards a £10 billion support package to help people cover rising costs. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.