Jurgen Klopp predicts Thiago could miss Liverpool’s Champions League final against Real Madrid after picking up an injury on the final day of the Premier League season. Liverpool sealed a 3-1 win over Wolves at Anfield but narrowly missed out on the Premier League title as Manchester City came from behind to beat Aston Villa 3-2 at the Etihad Stadium. Thiago, meanwhile, provided a brilliant assist for Sadio Mane’s equaliser but was forced off during the half-time break with a suspected hamstring injury. And Klopp believes the midfielder may now miss Liverpool’s clash with Madrid next Saturday. ‘I think he’ll be out of the final but I don’t know,’ Klopp told Sky Sports after the game. ‘He’s limping, so it’s maybe not the best sign.’ In a separate interview with beIN Sports, Klopp said on Thiago’s injury: ‘With Thiago we have to wait, all the others will be back.’ Klopp also congratulated Manchester City on winning their fourth Premier League title in five seasons. ‘Congratulations to Man City and Pep Guardiola. Thank you to Aston Villa and Wolverhampton for making a proper game of it,’ said Klopp. ‘It’s not the result we wanted. It was a bit of a rollercoaster. I don’t know the results exactly but I know they were 1-0 up – were they 2-0 up as well? Of course at the moment there’s disappointment here as well. ‘If it’s 5-0 to City after 10 minutes it’s just a normal game for us. It wasn’t our best game either, but it’s all good. 92 points is absolutely incredible. We wanted it all, but now it’s OK. ‘[Finishing second] is the story of my life. I’m still record holder for not getting promoted in Germany with the highest points tally. You need to get more points than any other teams, but we didn’t do that. ‘You can’t do more than give your absolute best and that’s what the boys did again. We chased the best team in the world to the wire, that’s absolutely special. We’ll build a team again and go again.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 