A man who had his penis on his arm for six years has shared his happiness after it was finally attached between his legs. Malcolm MacDonald, 47, suffered from a dreadful infection that caused his penis to turn black and fall off in the toilet back in 2010. He ‘felt like a shell of a man’, although fresh hope was offered when doctors offered to build him a new six-inch penis. The £50,000 NHS-funded creation was due to be placed on his groin in 2015 but a lack of oxygen meant it was instead grafted on his arm. The dad said he was living a ‘nightmare’ as he had to cover it up with long sleeves when the Covid pandemic and hospital delays meant his surgery was pushed back. But he has quipped ‘it’s something to tell the grandchildren’ after a nine-hour operation recently fixed his problem. Discussing his ordeal in a new Channel 4 documentary, he said: ‘The first thing I did was look down and I was like, “Oh my days. They got it this time”. I feel like a real man again.’ Thrilled at getting his body back to normal, he has hopes that it ‘could be a turning point in his life’, The Mirror reports. ‘My luck in life hasn’t been too good so far, but it can only go bad for so long, can’t it?’, he said. ‘Can you imagine six years of your life with a penis swinging on your arm? It’s been a nightmare, but it’s gone now — the little b****r.’ It was previously revealed that Malcolm was initially so pleased with his new penis, he nicknamed it ‘Jimmy.’ But things became tough when people occasionally spotted it on his arm while he was out drinking at his local pub in Norfolk. Malcolm attempted to laugh it off and even learned how to tuck his darts under it. ‘I get it. It’s not every day you see a man with a penis on his arm. Of course I see the funny side – I have to. I don’t have any other option. If I couldn’t laugh at the willy on my arm, I’d be finished’, he told The Sun in 2020. Professor David Ralph, an expert in phallus construction at London’s University College Hospital who is known as the ‘penis master’, created it out of flesh from Malcolm’s arm. Eventually, he will be able to prepare it for sex with to a pump in his scrotum which will fill it with a saline solution. The Man with a Penis on His Arm is set to air on Channel 4 at 10.05pm on Tuesday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.