Arsenal have begun talks to sign Napoli striker Victor Osimhen, according to reports. The Gunners are in the market for two new strikers this summer after failing to replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in the January transfer window, while Alexandre Lacazette is out of contract this summer. The Gunners have already held talks with the agent of Gabriel Jesus and have made the Manchester City forward one of their priorities for the summer window. But according to Goal, Arsenal have also made a move to sign Osimhen from Napoli. The report claims that Arsenal’s technical director Edu has held talks with the striker’s agent in London but the Gunners are aware that it could be difficult to reach an agreement with Napoli. The Serie A club signed the 23-year-old from Lille in a €81.3 million (£69.5m) deal in 2020 and it’s understood that Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis would want a significantly higher fee. Osimhen has just ended the season with 18 goals in 32 appearances for Napoli. The Nigeria international has scored 24 goals in 51 Serie A games since moving to Italy. Goal’s report also claims that Arsenal have also made contacts with Richarlison’s representatives to discuss a potential deal this summer. The Brazilian played a key role in helping Everton avoid relegation from the Premier League this season, with six goals in his final 10 appearances. Speaking last week, De Laurentiis conceded that Napoli will not stand in a player’s way if they want to leave, including Osimhen and Kalidou Koulibaly. ‘He is a symbol of Napoli, and if he wants to stop being a symbol, he’s the one who needs to decide that. We want Koulibaly to stay, but it’s not like you can force people to,’ said De Laurentiis. ‘Everyone has their own dignity and their own needs. We respect everyone, do you know that I haven’t ever forced anyone to stay, even with a few years left on their contract? ‘The only person I forced, and whom I greet because he’s a dear friend, is Walter Mazzarri, after two years he told me he wanted to leave, I told him he would stay. He did and gave us four years of satisfaction.’ MORE : Tammy Abraham’s stance on Premier League return amid Arsenal speculation MORE : Tite names the Arsenal star he would love to be able to select for Brazil For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 