A woman born with two vaginas has defied the odds by giving birth naturally to a ‘perfect’ baby girl after a high-risk pregnancy. Stephanie Haxton, 29, from Alaska, US, was diagnosed with a rare condition called uterus didelphys six years ago after a routine gynaecological exam. This means she has two fully-functioning uteruses, which sadly increases her risk of pregnancy loss. ‘Being told at such a young age, I just always thought I can’t have children, so I never really pinned my hopes on having any,’ she said. ‘I just thought if it happens it happens. I was told if I needed a baby I would have to undergo some pretty harsh testing. So I just put it to one side and carried on.’ Two years ago, Stephanie and her partner Ben Luedtke suffered another heartache when she had a miscarriage. She decided to have the tests but was told she would have to wait to turn 30. Recalling the day she found out she was pregnant again, Stephanie said: ‘I was classed as a high-risk pregnancy so I was having an ultrasound every week. ‘I was also told it was going to be difficult to carry the baby full term as the uterus she was in was so small.’ The baby was in Stephanie’s left cervix, which meant she only grew on the left side of her stomach. As there was not much room for her to move during the nine months, doctors were nervous the baby was not going to be able to flip over when she got bigger. Despite fears Stephanie was going to need an emergency cesarean, little Stella was born nine days late, at 41 weeks, last August. ‘The two cervixes are separated with a small piece of tissue which is called a septum,’ Stephanie said. ‘They thought I was going to need an emergency C-section and everything was in place ready for me to go, but I was able to have her without. ‘Around one in 5,000 women have this condition and I was the first in the hospital to have it. ‘Looking back on it I was so blessed, the team was so supportive. It was very mellow even though many didn’t know what the condition was, they were very professional.’ Stephanie did not realise she had uterus didelphys even though she struggled with heavy periods and putting a tampon in was always really painful. ‘I then realised they were so heavy because I was bleeding from both cervixes, but I never thought anything of it. I just assumed it was normal,’ she said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.