We’re approaching the warmest part of the year – which means it’s the perfect time to visit a rooftop bar. Opening today, Wagtail is London’s latest rooftop offering located near Bank and Monument stations, meaning you have a view of the city from the top. Designed to have a 360-degree view across the rooftop bar and restaurant, it’s perfect for capturing pictures and soaking in the views. From the top, you can see London Bridge, The Shard, Tower Bridge, St Paul’s, and Monument. It’s a redevelopment of the former House of Fraser, and a stylish one at that, echoing the rooftop design of other highbrow London haunts like Sushi Samba in Heron Tower. As well as the view, you’ll want to visit to taste the work of the experts heading up the menu curation and delivery. Executive chef, Philip Kearsey, known for working in Corrigan’s Mayfair and being Michelin-trained, and bar manager, Angelos Bafas, known for Aqua, are working together to give visitors a memorable dining experience. Ingredients for food are sourced locally and sustainably, making use of fresh English produce – sometimes caught that same morning – tailoring the menu seasonally. Across Wagtail, there are three main areas: the top floor bar, which is set on a terrace, the restaurant on the floor below (which also has views) and a private dining room, which can be booked out for parties and meetings. The private room is set in a grand and majestic cupola, coming with a bird’s eye view of the River Thames. Founder and chief executive at Maven Leisure, Ed Martin, says: ‘Following what has been a challenging few years for the hospitality industry, we’re thrilled to be building our portfolio and announcing the opening of Wagtail Rooftop Bar and Restaurant. ‘The highly skilled craftmanship of Phil and Angelos, coupled with the breath-taking views from this iconic building, will ensure Wagtail is a luxury experience like no other.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Underwater art and rooftop pool parties: Your travel guide to Miami, Florida MORE : Cocktails, canyons and jumping off cliffs: What it’s like to have an action-packed adventure in Madeira MORE : Look around five of the stunning homes vying to be London’s building of the year