It’s no surprise that Lizzo went all out for the Met Gala 2022 – we’d expect nothing less. The self-proclaimed bop star pulled out all the stops for her outfit, with her coat alone taking a staggering 22,000 hours to make. Wow. But that wasn’t all, as she even treated the event to an impromptu performance with her flute, with the instrument costing an eye-watering $55,000 (£44k). The Juice hitmaker had photographers in the palm of her hand on Monday night as she worked her magic at the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute fundraiser. Draped in an outfit that well and truly fit the Gilded Glamour theme, Lizzo definitely understood the assignment with a black ensemble adorned with gold embroidery. The US star looked fierce in a sweeping black coat designed by Thom Browne, carrying her golden flute as the ultimate accessory. Speaking to Variety on the red carpet after posing up a storm for cameras, Lizzo complimented her lewk, saying: ‘It’s hugging my curves just right and I look amazing.’ ‘I’m a bad b***h,’ she added. Following chants of, ‘Play for us’ from journalists and being the woman of the people that she is, Lizzo shrugged off her designer coat, revealing a corset, to play a tune on her rate flute. It’s safe to say, assembled reporters were shook and Lizzo well and truly won the red carpet. The Good As Hell songstress’ flute has become famous in its own right, with Lizzo – real name Melissa Viviane Jefferson – revealing in 2020 that she calls her flute ‘Sasha Flute’ after Beyoncé’s alter ego, Sasha Fierce. She often whips out her flute on stage and is über talented at playing it, never shy of showing off her jazz skills and putting a whole new twist on performances. Lizzo – who recently announced her new album, titled Special – was one of many stars at the Met Ball last night, which was co-chaired by Regina King, Blake Lively, Ryan Reynolds, and Lin-Manuel Miranda. She joined the likes of Kim Kardashian in an original Marilyn Monroe dress, and Tesla founder Elon Musk in his first major appearance since buying Twitter. The event is held annually on the first Monday in May – but was rescheduled to September last year due to Covid – and this year’s theme, In America: An Anthology of Fashion, was a continuation of last year’s In America: A Lexicon of Fashion It’s the fashion event everyone wants an invite for, raising money for the Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute and never disappointing when it comes to mega outfits and a star-studded guest list. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Met Gala 2022: Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson’s first interview was perfectly cute and awkward in equal measure MORE : Met Gala 2022: Hailey Bieber on feeling ‘healthy’ again after mini stroke ordeal 