Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti used some expertise in squad management ahead of his side’s incredible win over Manchester City in the Champions League semi-final, telling the substitutes that they will be more important than those who start. The Spanish giants found themselves in a perilous position, 4-3 down from the first leg and 1-0 down in the second as the clock ticked over 90 minutes. City looked to be in the final, but substitute Rodrygo scored twice in the dying moments to force extra-time. A Karim Benzema penalty five minutes into the extra 30 was enough to secure a 3-1 win on the night and an immense 6-5 victory over the tie. Not only did Rodrygo make an obvious difference off the bench, but as did the likes of Eduardo Camavinga and Jesus Vallejo, who Ancelotti was full of praise for. The Italian coach was keen to remind all his players before the game that it would be those at the end of the match, rather than the start, that would be crucial. ‘Not many believed we could make it, but the players believed in it more than anyone else,’ Ancelotti said after the epic win. ‘In this stadium, a spark is enough. PSG know something about it, Chelsea as well. It’s the magic of this stadium, the sense of belonging of these players, and their quality. ‘I preferred to change something. [Toni] Kroos, Casemiro and [Luka] Modric played a great game, but energy is fundamental when the match is open and there are no more tactics. ‘I told the players yesterday that those who finish the game are more important than those starting and all of them [substitutes] did well. Jesus Vallejo has managed ten minutes this season, but he played five minutes tonight and won all headers.’ City boss Pep Guardiola was philosophical after the hurtful defeat, describing the loss as ‘normal’ despite the memorable circumstances. ‘We didn’t play our best, but it is normal, a semi-final, the players feel the pressure and wanting to do it,’ said the Spaniard. ‘Football is unpredictable, it is a game like this. We have to accept it.’ MORE : ‘We have a score to settle’ – Mohamed Salah sends message to Real Madrid ahead of Champions League final MORE : Real Madrid star Karim Benzema equals Cristiano Ronaldo’s Champions League record For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 