Jack Grealish might have become one of the standout stars of the Euro 2020, winning a legion of new fans, but the man himself has no problem with being adored. The footballer, 26, is one of three cover stars for the latest issue of The Face, where he was asked about the reaction to his appearance. At the height of the competition, there were odes to Jack’s hair in Vogue as well as being named in several lists of the most handsome footballers, while fans regularly held up signs asking him to marry them or declaring themselves as ‘Mrs Grealish’. Jack admitted: ‘You aren’t going to say it’s a bad thing, are you? I’d much rather be in the list of the top 10 most handsome players than the top 10 ugliest.’ The sportsman has also become an ambassador for Gucci, though his obsession with the designer brand began when his dad bought him a Gucci washbag at the age of 16 for making the first team. Jack revealed that he admires fellow Gucci lover Harry Styles’ avant-garde fashion, adding: ‘I like his style. I think it’s cool! ‘Everyone is different, people wear different types of clothes and what he wears actually suits him. Some of his stuff is a bit different to what I’d usually wear, but I admire the way he owns what he wears. I think he wears it well.’ Jack’s private life, particularly his romance with childhood sweetheart Sasha Attwood, has also become a focus of fans, and he does sometimes find the intrusion difficult to face. Addressing the way his life has changed since finding fame, Jack confessed: ‘I’m an outgoing person and I miss all the stuff that I could be doing with my friends. ‘I know some footballers who love all the stuff that comes with it. It’s nice at times, to go to fancy restaurants and nightclubs. But you see me? I love the opposite.’ The full interview with Jack Grealish is available in The Face now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Emily Atack stuns at ITV Palooza as she makes first red carpet appearance since Jack Grealish rumours MORE : Manchester City’s Jack Grealish cosies up to girlfriend Sasha Attwood in rare loved-up photos 