A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was killed in Stevenage this weekend, seemingly on the way home from his school prom. Kajetan Migdal, 18, was attacked at around 11.20pm on Friday evening and died in hospital hours later. His family have paid tribute to a ‘joy-filled young man’ following the incident in Cuttys Lane – and set up a GoFundMe page for travel and funeral costs. Mr Migdal, said to be an animal and dance lover, was taken to Lister Hospital where he died early on Saturday morning. Hertfordshire Police say a man of the same age has now been detained. Writing on the fundraising page, the youngster’s aunt, Corrie Everett, wrote from the USA: ‘My handsome, talented, smart nephew, Kajetan Migdal, was murdered by a complete stranger on his way home from prom. ‘As a family, we are in complete shock and devasted at this huge loss. ‘He had his whole life ahead of him and an exciting summer planned, and a sick, evil individual has taken all that away from him and all of us.’ Forensics teams and a blue and white tent have been pictured at the scene. Detective inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Major Crime Unit, explained: ‘Although an arrest has been made, we are continuing to pursue a number of lines of enquiry and are still appealing for witnesses or anyone with information about what happened to contact us. ‘I’d like to thank those who have come forward so far.’ She continued: ‘Extensive enquiries are being carried out to help establish the sequence of events before and after the fatal incident. ‘Specialist officers are supporting the victim’s family and we ask that their privacy be respected at this time.’ In a tribute to the victim, his family added: ‘Kajetan was a loving, joy-filled young man with a bright future, he was known for his love of dance, animals, hard work and caring friendships. ‘As a high achiever academically and in his hobbies, he was set for big things. ‘He had just finished school and had his life to look forward too, the entire family is devastated at the loss of a much loved family member and he will be greatly missed by all who knew him.’ Anyone with information is asked to contact police on 101, citing reference 948 of 27 May. You can also report information online at herts.police.uk/report, or through an online web chat at herts.police.uk/contact. Alternatively, you can also contact Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Murder suspect held after man ‘stabbed to death’ outside Indian restaurant