Chelsea risk losing Mason Mount to one of their key rivals this summer with at least three major clubs interested in signing the England interational. The Cobham academy graduate is firmly established as a key component of Thomas Tuchel’s side, but remains one of the club’s lowest earning players. Mount currently earns £70,000-a-week but with the club currently operating under the sanctions imposed upon them by the UK Government as a consequence of Roman Abramovich’s relationship with Vladimir Putin, talks over a new deal have not been allowed to take place. According to The Athletic, the uncertainty engulfing Chelsea has prompted three unnamed clubs to position themselves accordingly, should Mount’s situation remain unresolved. Mount’s club and international teammate, Reece James, is in a near identical position and earlier this week with a move to Real Madrid who caught the eye of the freshly crowned Spanish champions during their European tussle against Chelsea last month. The battle to succeed Abramovic, meanwhile, took a fresh twist on Friday when British billionaire Sir Jim Ratcliffe threw his hat into the ring.  Ratcliffe is understood to have held talks with Chelsea chairman Bruce Buck on Thursday and submitted a major offer for the Stamford Bridge club on Friday. The 69-year-old explored in detail a possible bid for the Blues back in 2019, only to buy French club Nice instead. Ratcliffe’s previous due diligence on Chelsea will expedite the process of his bid, minimising any delays in the sale process headed up by New York merchant bank the Raine Group. Todd Boehly, Sir Martin Broughton and Steve Pagliuca were all hoping to hear this week which of their consortium offers to buy the Blues had been selected as the preferred bid, but Ratcliffe’s late entrance adds another heavyweight bid to the battle to buy Chelsea from Roman Abramovich. A spokesperson for Ratcliffe confirmed the British business magnate’s offer to buy Chelsea, with the bid understood now to represent the highest for the club. ‘We put an offer in this morning,’ Ratcliffe told The Times. ‘We are the only British bid. Our motives are simply to try and create a very fine club in London. We have no profit motive because we make our money in other ways.’ MORE : Chelsea legend John Terry pictured wearing Celtic scarf at Old Firm derby MORE : Declan Rice responds to speculation Manchester United and Chelsea will have to pay £150million to sign him For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 