Tonight, the final of the Eurovision Song Contest is being held in Turin Italy. People across the continent will be gathering to watch the annual display, which is the highlight of the year for fans of camp, cheese, and sequins. It’s been a tough year for many participating countries, so this lighthearted competition should be a welcome respite from the bad news we’re constantly being bombarded with. If you’re having a Eurovision watching party this evening and want to impress your guests without the faff, we’ve got some easy cocktail recipes for you. Using up ingredients you can pick up at the supermarket (rather than fancy syrups that take days to make) as well as some you may already have in the cupboards, they’re easy to mix in batches. That way you don’t miss any of the catchy tunes or host Mika’s witty remarks. Trust us, these won’t be rated ‘nil point’ by your guests. JJ Whitley has created this refreshing serve to showcase their artisanal vodka, which works beautifully with the sweet pomegranate syrup and tangy citrus. It takes just three steps to make, and you can set up a cocktail station where guests can top themselves up as the contest goes on. Ingredients Method A study by VonHaus recently revealed that one in six (16%) people say the Pina Colada is their favourite cocktail. These are super easy to make, and you can multiply the ingredients and stick them in the blender to save yourself shaking up multiple batches. Ingredients Method Prefer something a little stronger to sip on? Switch up the classic negroni with Italian aperitivo Aperol, which is sweeter than the standard Campari. This recipe – which serves two – was devised by the team at vegan restaurant The Omni Collective, and is suitable for anyone on a plant-based diet. Ingredients Method The Glorious is a cocktail curated by Global Brand Ambassador of Ron Abuelo, Cristobal Srokowski, for the Queen’s upcoming Platinum Jubilee – but we think it’s perfect for cheering on Britain’s Eurovision entrant Sam Ryder. If you can’t get your hands on the Ron Abuelo 12-year-old used, swap for your dark rum of choice. The sugar syrup may also be substituted with maple syrup, agave nectar, or honey in a pinch. Ingredients Method It’s pink, tart, and deliciously thirst-quenching: the Paloma is the ideal cocktail for springtime sipping. Here’s tequila brand Patron’s recipe for the grapefruit-based drink. As with the other recipes, you can substitute the brand of tequila if you don’t have Patron, and use honey, maple syrup, or simple syrup in place of agave. Ingredients Method Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : My date wet the bed and pretended nothing had happened MORE : I was sceptical whether ‘forest bathing’ could actually help my mental health – then I tried it