If Anna Wintour was trying to play it like Meryl Streep’s The Devil Wears Prada character Miranda Priestley wasn’t totally based on her, she’s really not doing the best job. The Vogue editor-in-chief was giving perfect Anna Wintour vibes in a video captured of her being asked for ID by a health compliance worker on the way into an event recently. And we can feel the daggers being thrown from behind her famous shades from here. In fact, we need to lie down. Wintour attended the opening performance of Oh God, A Show About Abortion, a one-woman off-Broadway show at the Cherry Lane Theatre on Monday night, but when fronting up to the door she was asked by a health compliance worker for ID after seemingly showing them something on her phone. In a clip obtained by Page Six, Wintour looked suitably ruffled and perplexed she was being asked such a thing, for, who doesn’t know what Anna Wintour looks like, right? While, ma’am, the health compliance worker was just doing her job, Wintour appeared to be all kinds of baffled, as she raised her arms in a sort-of-shrug – perhaps because the woman has no need to carry ID on a day to day basis – before someone who appeared to be a publicist defused the situation and the magazine monarch was ushered inside. Of course the clip has now gone viral, with many a punter sharing their hot take on the frosty footage, and quoting Streep’s Priestley in the process. Amid lols of ‘Please bore someone else with your questions’, the main take was that the health compliance worker was an absolute icon. Saint Hoax wrote: ‘Who is the icon ID’ing Anna Wintour 😩’ while another mused: ‘The power I would feel asking Anna Wintour for her id. I would literally be unstoppable.’ Another pointed out a very valid fact that Wintour is one of the most impersonated celebrities, so it would be easy for anyone to rock up in a sharp bob and big shades. ‘I feel like people in the comments are forgetting about impersonators, imagine if they let in someone pretending to be her, bc her look hides her face,’ they wrote in the comments, however another argued: ‘If you’re someone like Anna Wintour then it’s just disrespectful to get asked for ID.’ Think what we can all agree, though, is this clip is driving some brilliant PR for Oh God, A Show About Abortion, and that’s what we can all applaud today. MORE : Rihanna sued by Dublin woman who says singer sent ‘malicious’ email about her partner MORE : Bill Nighy gifts Anna Wintour with red rose before they step out for al fresco dinner in Rome Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.