New England Test captain Ben Stokes has confirmed he will be moving back to No. 6 in the batting order in a move that he believes will benefit both him and the team. While Stokes averages 39.55 at No. 5 and 36.44 at No. 6, he believes the change will maximise his all-round performance as he looks to ‘make England’s Test team great again’. England won just one of their last 17 Tests under former skipper Joe Root, losing last winter’s Ashes series 4-0 and suffering a 1-0 defeat to West Indies in March. ‘I am going back to No. 6,’ Stokes said. ‘I know I am at my best for England when I am doing both roles [batting and bowling] as much as the other. ‘I feel that going back to No 6 is going to allow me to concentrate on those roles as much as the other, rather than worry about one while I am doing the other. I feel that’s best for the team.’ Stokes was named as Root’s successor last week and says the off-field issues that have occurred during his professional career will help him as Test captain. In 2018, Stokes was found not guilty of affray after being involved in a fight outside a Bristol nightclub, while he took a break from cricket last year to protect his mental health. ‘Those experiences are a positive in this new role I have got,’ the Durham all-rounder told BBC Sport. ‘I have been through a lot of good and bad and feel I can relate to both sides of what sport and life can throw at you. ‘I can relate to people whether that be good or bad or on the field or off the field. I don’t see anything I have gone through as a negative, if anything I see it as a way I can always try and help people.’ Stokes admits England have ‘not been good enough’ recently but says the issues will not be fixed overnight or merely by his appointment as Test captain. England’s red-ball team face Test world champions New Zealand in June and South Africa and India later in the summer. Discussing England’s struggles, Stokes said: ‘Being completely realistic, winning one game in 17 is nowhere near good enough for the people we have in our team. ‘We can look at that and go there is only one to go, which is up. We have not been good enough. That is not a dig at any individual as I have been part of that. ‘As a team we know we have not been good enough, not played to the standard we know we can. ‘It’s about understanding that and fixing it but we need to understand things won’t happen overnight. I can’t just expect it to click and all of a sudden we are No. 1 in a year’s time. ‘I am very excited about the role of hopefully making the England Test team great again. It’s a big goal of mine.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 