A mum-of-three who was racially abused by EastEnders actress Katie Jarvis has spoken out about the incident and says she suffers from stress and panic attacks. Michelle Antonio, 49, was called a ‘black c***’ and told ‘Black lives don’t matter’ by actress Jarvis, who played Hayley Slater on the soap. Jarvis was sentenced to a two-year community order, with 200 hours of unpaid work for both the abuse towards Antonio and for spitting at a security guard in Southend, Essex, in July 2020. Speaking for the first time since the court case, Antonio told The Sunday Mirror her life has been ‘ruined’ by Jarvis. She said she has struggled with her mental health since the verbal attack and was forced to give up work, having faced panic attacks since the incident in 2020. Recalling the horrific ordeal, Antonio said Jarvis called both her and her young daughters ‘Black c***s’ during a row over a chair outside a chippie. ‘How can racism like this still be going on in the 2020s?’ she asked. ‘You think things have changed, but nothing has.’ She admitted that, as the court case approached, she began ‘getting panic attacks’ and ‘feeling stressed’. Antonio even had to leave her role as a college student engagement officer, a job she loved. Describing Jarvis’ sentence as a ‘slap on the wrist,’ Antonio revealed she never received a personal apology from the actress, and doesn’t believe Jarvis’ claim that she isn’t racist because ‘when people are drunk, the truth comes out.’ She said the incident brought back horrific memories of receiving racist abuse as a child, when fascist party The National Front would target her family. Antonio recalled people scratching the party’s initials on cars and assaulting boys after hers became the first Black family to move to the neighbourhood. Ex-EastEnders star Jarvis admitted common assault and racially aggravated harassment during the trial, which took place in April 2022. The 30-year-old initially denied the charges but later changed her pleas to guilty. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders star Katie Jarvis who ‘shouted Black Lives Don’t Matter’ sentenced MORE : White supremacist teen shooter ‘called for Sadiq Khan’s death in 180-page manifesto’