Dozens of patients are mistakingly getting £160 fines after parking outside a GP surgery, it is believed. At least 80 women received a debt collection notice for a supposed unpaid parking fine after attending a breast cancer screening at The Garth Surgery in Guisborough, North Yorkshire. They all insist they were only informed about the charges once the matter had been escalated to a final notice – despite no previous notice being issued. Lou Wilkinson went for a screening on January 10 at the medical centre’s mobile mammogram unit, leaving her car in the same parking lot as the unit itself. She was then sent a debt recovery letter more than four months later. ‘I was told I had previous reminders and I said I’d had nothing at all,’ she said. So the fitness instructor made some calls ‘in a bit of a panic’ and appealed the charge. She was later told the fine had been deleted ‘because of an error on G24 Parking Management Solutions’ part’ – the third-party company which runs the parking lot for the surgery. But while Ms Wilkinson was sorting this all out, she realised she was far from the only person who had received the sudden fine. She said: ‘It looks like there are hundreds and hundreds of people in Stokesley and Great Ayton that have been for mammograms that have got these £160 fines with no prior warning.’ Stokesley’s local Facebook page is full of people asking for advice on how to handle the fines. Several people said they have just paid the fines to avoid any further consequences. Ms Wilkinson said: ‘A lot of people will run on the fear factor, thinking: “Oh my god I’ve got a debt recovery agency asking me, I’m going to pay this.”‘ Garth surgery has reportedly been ‘inundated with people calling’ about the fines and eventually had to write a post telling people to contact G24. The surgery said: ‘The company have been made aware of the issue and advised that people can appeal with the above link.’ Ms Wilkinson said this was unnecessary stress to add to women putting themselves through a mammogram. ‘They really don’t need this,’ she added. Metro.co.uk has contacted G24 and The Garth Surgery for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.