Prince Harry and Meghan Markle said ‘I do’ exactly four years ago today. The couple married to huge fanfare at St George’s Chapel in Windsor Castle on May 19, 2018. A staggering 18 million people tuned in to UK TV channels to watch the US actress marry the royal on that sunny day. Metro.co.uk has taken a look back at their relationship, which has seen its fair share of drama since their wedding. Harry and Meghan met through a mutual friend who set them up on a blind date. Meghan later said she did not know much about Harry or the rest of Royal Family before the date. She claims she only went because her friend assured her Harry was kind. The pair went to Soho House for their first date in July 2016 – a famous private members’ club founded in 1995. Harry explained how the couple went from ‘0-60’ because being romantically involved with a royal usually means dating is ‘flipped upside down’. It meant they had to start off with their first dates in each other’s homes and other private locations, and then move on to restaurants and similarly public places – the opposite of what non-famous people usually do. The prince confirmed their romance in November 2016, with Meghan telling Vanity Fair a year later: ‘We’re a couple. We’re in love. ‘I’m sure there will be a time when we will have to come forward and present ourselves and have stories to tell, but I hope what people will understand is that this is our time. ‘This is for us. It’s part of what makes it so special, that it’s just ours. But we’re happy.’ The Sussexes announced they were engaged in November 2017. Harry reportedly surprised Meghan with the proposal while she was roasting a chicken. They were then married exactly four years ago – with wedding guests including George Clooney, Oprah Winfrey, Idris Elba, James Corden and the entire cast of Suits. The couple revealed Meghan was pregnant that October and now-three-year-old Archie was born on May 6, 2019. Meghan and Harry then shocked the world in March 2020 when they decided to step back as working royals and move to California. Meghan went on to explain she was struggling with suicidal feelings after dealing with the pressure of being a royal under the constant scrutiny of the media. She later accused the Royal Family – and much of the British press – of racism, using a bombshell interview with Oprah Winfrey to allege there was a member of the family who expressed concerns about how dark Archie’s skin would be. She also claimed her pleas for help with her mental health were ignored by Buckingham Palace. The Palace has said ‘recollections may vary’ about this and other details. After suffering a miscarriage in July 2020, Meghan and Harry welcomed their second child Lilibet – on June 4 last year. Since the move, Harry returned to the UK for Prince Philip’s funeral. But he went on to complain he does not feel the country is ‘safe’ for his family to visit – because the Home Office will not allow Harry to pay for private police protection. Nevertheless, the Sussexes are expected to bring Lilibet to the UK for the first time ever for the Queen’s Jubilee celebrations over the first weekend of June. It would also be the first time Her Majesty will meet her 11-month-old great-granddaughter, who is named after her. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.