The Queen’s unwavering service to the armed forces over eight decades is captured in newly-digitised images showing her in active service and raising morale during the war years. A new exhibition shows the then Princess Elizabeth as she answered the call of duty with the Auxiliary Territorial Service during the Second World War. The longest-ruling British monarch, whose 70-year reign is being marked with a flypast and Platinum Jubilee parties across the country, has been a guiding hand during times of war and peace. As well as enlisting in 1945, this has also included meeting troops before the D-Day landings in Normandy and appearing before crowds on the balcony of Buckingham Palace on VE Day. The poignant collection of images includes a black-and-white shot of Princess Elizabeth watching on as Queen Elizabeth, the Queen Mother, talks to a paratrooper during a tour of airborne forces on May 14, 1944. They were accompanied by King George VI as they inspected units and watched a mass drop by parachutists during the build-up to D-Day, the Allied invasion of northern France. Another photograph, taken the same year, shows Queen Elizabeth and the Princess with RAF crews at a heavy bomber station, another occasion when the young royal joined her parents on morale-boosting visits to British and Allied forces during the war. The exhibition allowing visitors to explore a lifetime of service through 19 pictures opened on Friday at the Imperial War Museum (IWM) in London. Curator Kate Clements said: ‘It’s quite incredible to think the Queen is the longest-reigning monarch and she also served in the Second World War. ‘It’s an amazing link with that time period and since she’s become Queen she’s become Head of the Armed Forces. ‘She takes that role very seriously and has been visible and present in terms of visiting personnel and their families and instituting the Elizabeth Cross for the families of service personnel who have died in war and conflict. ‘It’s a very important part of the Queen’s role and the exhibition makes clear the enduring links between the crown and conflict, as we’ve called it.’ Aged 19, Princess Elizabeth joined the auxiliaries, training as a driver and mechanic with the rank of Second Subaltern, before being promoted to Junior Commander, the equivalent of Captain. She became the first female royal to serve on a full-time, active basis. More relaxed moments from her wartime service are captured in pictures from her time with the auxiliaries, including images showing her standing by a military ambulance and leaning against the bonnet of an L-plated truck. The moment that all those who served made great sacrifices for came on May 8, 1945 with VE Day, when the royals joined Winston Churchill on the balcony at Buckingham Palace. The Princess and her younger sister, Margaret, were allowed to leave the palace and join the celebrations. After ascending the throne in 1952, the Queen kept up her duties as she inspected a Royal Guard of Royal Marines from HMS Newfoundland during her visit to Colombo, the capital of Ceylon, which is now Sri Lanka. Spanning black-and-white and colour, the engaging display shows the changing nature of the Queen’s reign through war and peace. While the sovereign may be known to modern generations in a ceremonial role, another picture shows her getting hands-on, taking the plugs out of a vehicle as part of her Army service. A Humber staff car used by the Queen’s father, King George VI, during his visit to Italy in 1944, and a Princess Mary gift tin are part of an object trail at the exhibition. There is also the chance to see a British Aircraft Corporation Concorde 101 and a BAe 146 aircraft at IWM Duxford, both of which have conveyed the Queen and other royals. Queen Elizabeth II, 96, retains a number of titles and patronages with the military, as well as having close relatives, including grandson Prince Harry, who have served in the armed forces. In the present day, her enduring links are realised in the Trooping of the Colour, when the monarch’s birthday is celebrated with a grand military display that will this year be a centrepiece of the Jubilee celebrations. The Queen also introduced the Elizabeth Cross, the first medal to which she put her name, which was instituted in 2009 to recognise the families of those who have died on, or as a result of, military operations since 1948. A major programme gets underway next week to mark the Platinum Jubilee. On June 2, the Queen’s Birthday Parade will include a royal gun salute and a flypast to coincide with a balcony appearance by the Royal Family. Street parties, beacon lighting and a service of thanksgiving at St Paul’s Cathedral are among the other events planned. Crown and Conflict: Portrait of a Queen in Wartime, runs between May 27, 2021 and January 8, 2023. For more information click here Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.