Dave Chappelle and Chris Rock reportedly spoke out about their onstage assaults during a secret performance at a Los Angeles comedy club. The pair are said to have appeared at The Comedy Store in west Hollywood this week, just two days after Chappelle, 48, was ‘tackled’ by an audience member during his show at the Hollywood Bowl. Rock, who was infamously slapped onstage by Will Smith at the Oscars just weeks before, had also been present at the gig, as had actor Jamie Foxx, who helped get the attacker away from Chappelle. According to The Hollywood Reporter, Chappelle told the audience at the secret show on Thursday night that he had been calmed down at the sight of Foxx wearing ‘a sheriff’s hat’. He went on to say that he had been embraced by his son in the immediate aftermath of the incident; Rock had also been filmed hugging him afterthe attack while joking: ‘Was that Will Smith?’ Speaking about the shocking assault, Chappelle reportedly told Rock onstage: ‘at least you got smacked by someone of repute.’ He went on: ‘I got smacked by a homeless guy with leaves in his hair.’ Rock is said to have laughed and referred to Smith as ‘soft’. Chappelle also reportedly said that following the incident he had convinced venue security to let him speak to his attacker who, he said, appeared to be mentally ill. The Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) later arrested 23-year-old Isaiah Lee, who was carrying a replica gun containing a knife blade, on suspicion of assault with a deadly weapon. A statement put out on behalf of Chappelle said the comedian had refused to allow the incident to ‘overshadow the magic of (the) historic moment’. It comes as Lee was charged with battery, possessing a deadly weapon with intent to assault, unlawfully crossing from a spectator area on to a stage at a theatrical event, and interfering with or delaying such an event with unlawful conduct. Lee, who remains in custody, was ordered to stay at least 100 yards (91 metres) from Chappelle, whose lawyer requested the protective order. Los Angeles prosecutors said they would not be pressing felony charges, however he was later charged with four counts of misdemeanour. In the US, crimes classified as felonies are considered more serious and carry a more severe penalty while misdemeanours are considered less serious, although they can still result in fines or jail terms. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dave Chappelle’s alleged attacker pleads not guilty to misdemeanour charges after Hollywood Bowl incident MORE : Kevin Hart praises Dave Chappelle for ‘professional’ reaction to on-stage attack 