Harry Styles playing with an adorable baby is the serotonin boost we all need right now. The Watermelon Sugar hitmaker, 28, has been living his best life lately, following the success of his single As It Was, headlining Coachella for two weekends, and gearing up to release his third studio album. But if there’s one thing Harry does best, it’s send fans into a frenzy by doing something totally normal, which is what happened when the behind the scenes video for his latest single dropped. The Grammy Award winner was seen on set for As It Was – which has been storming the UK charts – cuddling up to the child of Molly Hawkins, his creative director. Twitter was sent into a tailspin as the two giggled and played, with the former One Direction star looking at the tot lovingly when she started to tear up. The footage is basically the most heartwarming thing you will watch this week, with one Twitter user, quite rightly, comparing it to ‘therapy.’ ‘You don’t understand how much i wish harry could get pregnant and have a baby,’ one even tweeted. ‘Harry with babies is the best thing this world is ever gonna see,’ one person wrote. Another tweeted: ‘Harry holding a baby is probably the most adorable thing ever, I’m never recovering.’ ‘I love that the baby doesn’t give a s*** she’s being held by Harry Styles and just wants her mum,’ another joked. The cute baby wasn’t the only child to feature in As It Was, oh no, as the beginning of the song actually features a little one saying: ‘Come on, Harry, we wanna say goodnight to you.’ After much speculation, the musician confirmed it was the voice of Ruby Winston, his five-year-old goddaughter, who is the daughter of British filmmaker Ben Winston and his wife Meredith Winston. Ruby went through a spell of once calling him every night before bed and left him a voicemail once when he didn’t pick up – little did she know it would end up in one of the biggest songs of 2022. Elsewhere in the behind the scenes vid for As It Was, Harry can be seen larking around on set, being his usual goofy self, as he dances around in preparation for the fun choreography. The artistic project also sees Harry strip down to just a pair of red boxers, showing off his extensive tattoo collection – basically, he’s sending fans into meltdown on a daily basis. Harry is gearing up for Love On Tour, which he’ll bring to stadiums in the UK and Europe this summer. In celebration of his upcoming album, Harry’s House, he’ll also be playing a One Night Only gig in London, as well as in the States. As to be expected, though, demand for tickets was high, with many fans heartbroken after missing out and seeing resale prices at astronomical values. Harry’s House lands on May 20. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Adele’s $58,000,000 outrageously huge 18,587 square-foot, 8-bedroom, 12-bathroom Beverly Hills love nest with Rich Paul MORE : Lorraine Kelly takes swipe at Gwyneth Paltrow over divisive ‘$120 nappy’ stunt after outrage from confused critics