The Wanted star Max George has opened up about how he still messages Tom Parker after his death. Parker died at the age of 33 in March after he was diagnosed with stage 4 glioblastoma, an inoperable brain tumour, in October 2020, and was given just 12 months to live by doctors. Asked if he still talks to Parker, Max, 33, explained: ‘I’m still trying to process it, I still text him actually. ‘If I get pictures or stuff that fans have made with him in it or they send a nice message to do with Tom, I’ll WhatsApp it to him.’ He added on This Morning to Dermot O’Leary and Alison Hammond: ‘I just find a bit of comfort in that. The worst bit is when I’m not doing it and I do it accidentally. Sometimes I go to do it and I’m like, “Oh no.”‘ Before his death, Parker penned a book about his life, titled Hope, which is now being released. ‘It is a book about hope, it’s a book about triumph,’ Max said. ‘There were days where the days were quite long, especially when he was going through the chemo phase…I think [writing the book] was probably quite therapeutic on those days.’ Parker was part of The Wanted alongside Max, Nathan Sykes, Siva Kaneswaran, and Jay McGuiness. At his funeral, his bandmates acted as pallbearers, with Max and George also giving heartbreaking eulogies. Strictly star Max also issued an emotional tribute following the funeral, writing: ‘Good night beautiful boy. I will always think of you. ‘Thanks for making my life so much better than I could ever have hoped for. Carrying you was an honour. ‘You have carried me so many times over the last 12 years. I love you Tom. See you up there brother.’ The Wanted formed in 2005 and are known for hits including All Time Low and Glad You Came. Following Parker’s death, their song Gold Forever shot up the charts, with the band releasing a new version in tribute. Parker leaves behind his wife Kelsey and two children. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. MORE : Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey shares daughter’s struggles after The Wanted star’s death: ‘It’s heartbreaking’ MORE : Tom Parker’s widow shares bittersweet post after attending first wedding since his death: ‘I raised a glass to my boy’ 