Londoners have been seeing dormant purple ‘Elizabeth Line’ signs at Transport for London (TfL) stations for a while now. The service, which will operate along the new Crossrail railway, is set to speed up services across the capital – running from Shenfield and Abbey Wood in the east, to Heathrow and Reading in the west. Crossrail will span 60 miles and stop at 41 accessible stations – 10 newly built and 30 newly upgraded – and is expected to serve around 200 million people each year. While the Elizabeth Line was set to open in December 2018, that (obviously) hasn’t happened – as it was pushed back due to construction issues, ballooning costs and Covid-19. But we do now have an opening date. And it’s quite soon. So, when is it? The Elizabeth Line will officially open on Tuesday, May 24 2022, TfL has (finally) announced. It will initially operate as three separate railways, with services from Reading, Heathrow and Shenfield connecting with the central tunnels from this autumn. The Paddington to Abbey Wood service will open, and operate 12 times per hour, from 6.30am to 11pm Monday to Saturday. These trains will not operate on Sundays for now, so testing and service upgrades can be done. The rest of the Elizabeth Line will operate like individual railways for now. Trains from Reading and Heathrow will go to Paddington, and Shenfield trains to Liverpool Street – so you’ll have to change at these stations. A direct line from Heathrow/Reading to the eastern part of the line is expected to arrive by late 2022. And passengers can expect a full timetable sometime in 2023, following further safety approvals, according to Crossrail. Many of the upgraded stations will open on May 24, too – however Bond Street’s Elizabeth Line station won’t open just yet. Yep, there is indeed a map! TfL have released the latest version, showing where will be open from May 24. To see what the Elizabeth Line is expected to look like when fully open, view the map on TfL’s website here. Once complete, it is hoped that the Elizabeth Line will increase the capacity of London public transport by 10%. London mayor Sadiq Khan said: ‘I’m delighted that our world-class new Elizabeth line will be opening to passengers later this month, helping build a better London – one which is safer, fairer, greener and more prosperous city for all Londoners. ‘This is the most significant addition to our transport network in decades, and will revolutionise travel across the capital and the South East – as well as delivering a £42billion boost to the whole UK economy and hundreds of thousands of new homes and jobs.’ A full timetable won’t be ready until 2023. MORE : London’s new Elizabeth Line to finally open on May 24 MORE : If you’ve left your dildo on the Tube you can now collect it from lost property MORE : Moment stubborn swan causes chaos and major delays on London Overground Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below