US first lady Jill Biden has made an unannounced visit to western Ukraine, holding a surprise meeting with her Ukrainian counterpart Olena Zelensky. Meanwhile, Ukrainian media has reported that Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau also made an unannounced visit to the country. Mrs Biden travelled in secret for security, as the country is still being ravaged by Russia’s invasion which has now lasted ten weeks. She told Mrs Zelensky: ‘I thought it was important to show the Ukrainian people that this war has to stop and this war has been brutal and that the people of the United States stand with the people of Ukraine.’ The first lady travelled by vehicle to the town of Uzhhorod, about a 10-minute drive from a Slovakian village that borders Ukraine. Meanwhile, Mr Trudeau was pictured standing in front of buildings destroyed in bombing, as he spoke to people affected by the war, now mainly being waged in the east of the country. His surprise visit was to Irpin, a suburb of the capital Kyiv which was previously targeted by Russian fighters. Mayor Olexander Markushyn wrote on Telegram: ‘He came to Irpin to see with his own eyes all the horror that the Russian occupiers had done to our city. ‘And, of course, he was shocked. After all, he saw burned and completely destroyed not military facilities, but the homes of Irpin residents, who until recently enjoyed life and had their own plans for the future. ‘My sincere thanks to Mr. Trudeau for the support that Canada is providing to Ukraine today.’ His office confirmed the visit, saying in a statement ‘the prime minister is in Ukraine to meet with President Zelensky and reaffirm Canada’s unwavering support for the Ukrainian people’. The Ukrainian president’s wife thanked Mrs Biden for her ‘courageous act’ and said: ‘We understand what it takes for the US first lady to come here during a war when military actions are taking place every day, where the air sirens are happening every day – even today.’ President Joe Biden said during a visit to Poland in March that he was disappointed he could not visit Ukraine to see conditions ‘first hand’ but that he was not allowed, probably due to security reasons. The White House said as recently as last week that the president ‘would love to visit’ but there were no plans for him to do so. However, other top US officials have visited and met President Volodymyr Zelensky, including House speaker Nancy Pelosi, US secretary of state Antony Blinken and defence secretary Lloyd Austin. In Slovakia, Mrs Biden attended a religious service in a tent set up as a chapel, where a priest intoned: ‘We pray for the people of Ukraine.’ Before that, in Kosice, she met and offered support to Ukrainian mothers who have been displaced by Russia’s war and assured them the ‘hearts of the American people’ are behind them. At a bus station which is now a 24-hour refugee processing centre, Mrs Biden had an extended conversation with a Ukrainian woman who said she struggles to explain the war to her three children because she cannot understand it herself. ‘I cannot explain because I don’t know myself and I’m a teacher,’ Victorie Kutocha said. ‘It’s so hard to understand,’ the first lady replied. In recent weeks border crossings to Slovakia from Ukraine have averaged fewer than 2,000 per day, down from more than 10,000 per day immediately after Russia’s invasion on February 24. Mrs Biden is on a four-day visit to eastern Europe to highlight US support for Ukrainian refugees and for the allied countries such as Romania and Slovakia that are providing a safe haven for them. She spent Friday and Saturday in Romania, visiting US troops and meeting Ukrainian refugee mothers and children. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.