Kerry Katona has shared a sweet snap of her with all five of her children. The busy mum has been firmly in the limelight since her time in Atomic Kitten and appearing on I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! all the way back in 2004. Sure, every so often, the star will share updates from her kids – like her daughter Lilly’s hilarious card wishing her well after her recent breast reduction surgery. But when it comes to family life as a whole, the reality star generally keeps it under wraps. Which is why fans were delighted to see Kerry share a rare family snap of her and her entire brood with a cute Instagram post on Sunday. Taking to the site, the 41-year-old shared a sweet snap of her with her grown-up and younger children – all with matching blonde locks – grinning at the camera. She wrote: ‘My babies love them so much,’ along with yellow heart emojis. Kerry added that the snap was ‘one of my favourite photos.’ The former pop star shares daughters Molly Marie, 20, and 19-year-old Lilly-Sue with ex-husband Brian McFadden. She has two other children, Maxwell, 13, and Heidi, 15, with ex Mark Croft, as well as daughter Dylan-Jorge 7, with late ex George Kay. Kerry is known for her quick humour, and it’s clear her children have inherited this from her, with Lilly-Sue’s get well card after Kerry’s breast reduction surgery featuring more than a few tongue-in-cheek comments. Following her op last week, Kerry shared a picture of the card on Instagram, as she called her daughter the ‘sweetest girl in the world’ and said she was ‘too funny’. In the message, Lilly welcomed her mum into the ‘itty bitty t**ty community’, before joking she could save ‘thousands of pounds on bras’ and run ‘without setting off a magnitude 8 earthquake’. Lilly also detailed advantages such as ‘being able to sleep on your front’ and ‘getting to celebrate Shrove pancake day 365 days a week’. Amid all the jokes, the teenager told her mum: ‘I’m glad you’re okay and welcome back we missed you! You really deserved this as I know how uncomfortable you have been feeling in your own skin!’ Kerry had previously told fans on Instagram that she was going down from a triple-D to a C or a D, but admitted she was nervous about the procedure. However she joked she ‘should be used to this by now’ following her previous cosmetic procedures ‘I’ve been sliced and diced that much I should probably give instructions,’ she quipped. ‘I’m like a flat pack from Ikea – that leg goes there, that t*t goes there.’ Afterwards, Kerry clarified to her followers that the operation took place on Friday, telling them that she is now ‘recovering very well’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kerry Katona reveals she’s had breast reduction operation: ‘I’m recovering very well’ MORE : Kerry Katona shares hilarious card from daughter after breast reduction surgery 