The man who was arrested for attacking Dave Chappelle had a song about the comedian, it has been claimed. Isaiah Lee was arrested after tackling the star on stage at the Hollywood Bowl during his stand-up performance on Tuesday night. He was charged with assault with a deadly weapon over the incident, and was reportedly in possession of a replica gun which could eject a knife blade. According to reports, the 23-year-old is a rapper who put a song out named after the comedian, two years before the incident. He is thought to perform under the name ‘NoName_Trapper’ on YouTube and Spotify, with the profile claiming more than 5,700 monthly listeners on the latter platform. In the 2020 album Born & Die In The Trap, the second track listed is named Dave Chappell, in which he reportedly referenced the Hollywood Bowl – where the comedian performed on Tuesday and also had a 2020 show canceled to due to Covid. Chappelle, 48, was on stage at the Hollywood Bowl in LA, and was performing a stand-up routine as part of the Netflix Is A Joke tour – which Pete Davidson, Snoop Dogg, Amy Schumer and Kevin Hart are on the line-up to appear at. Towards the end of the routine, Lee stormed the stage and tackled him in shocking footage that has since emerged on social media. In the clip, he appeared to rush the star from the side – before Jamie Foxx jumped on stage to detain the attacker, while Chappelle recovered. After getting himself together, the comic told the crowd: ‘I don’t know if that was part of the show or… I grabbed the back of that n****s head, his hair was spongy, absorbent.’ Referring to the Django Unchained actor’s help, he added: ‘Listen, I just want to say I’ve had an incredible time. This guy is a genius, we’ve got to protect him at all times, man. This is what it’s about. ‘For every comedian that comes out here, this means everything. You’re a genius, you’re a legend, I enjoyed myself thoroughly and we’re not gonna let nothing happen to you.’ Video footage later emerged of Lee being detained by security guards as a crowd watched on, and he was later filmed leaving the venue and being loaded onto an ambulance with what appeared to be a dislocated arm. Chappelle has not spoken about the incident since. A spokesperson for the Hollywood Bowl said in a statement: ‘The incident that occurred at the Hollywood Bowl on May 3 2022 is an active investigation and we are unable to comment further at this time.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Kimfluencer is actually about to hit your screens, EastEnders fans MORE : Life on Mars creators confirm ‘pilot script’ revival ‘is completed’ 12 years after sequel 