There are infinite reasons why Little Mix have grown into one of the greatest girl groups the UK has ever seen. Among them are their stage presence and charisma, their intuitive ability to write a hit song, their continuation of the girl power legacy, their fierce loyalty and love for each other, and, most of all, their raw talent. And all of that was on display as Perrie Edwards, Jade Thirlwall, and Leigh-Anne Pinnock lit up London’s O2 Arena for the final leg of their final tour, Confetti. Being just three shows away from bidding farewell (for now!) to Little Mix didn’t hinder them in the slightest as the girls gave us a night full of colour, charisma, and Confetti. Kicking off with classic bangers like Shout Out To My Ex and Break Up Song, the girls instantly brought the party, with out of this world vocals and choreography that makes us need a lie down just thinking about it (and can we just appreciate that Leigh and Perrie have had three babies between them not too long ago?!). Clearly intent on giving fans even more than they bargained for, they expertly switched up some of their hits, including an absolutely unforgettable rock version of Woman Like Me and a glorious mash-up of Salute and Lil Nas X’s Industry Baby. As expected, the whole arena was in tears as Jade once again shared the band’s unwavering support for the LGBT community before Secret Love Song Part II, the stage flooded with rainbow lights. As for their heart-shattering performance of Between Us, which they described as their ‘love letter to each other’ before parting ways, even they struggled to make it through the song without crying, as the trio soared above the audience in a beautiful moment. They couldn’t leave us emotional for too long though, smashing hits like Reggaeton Lento, Black Magic, and Touch, complete with some absolutely jaw-dropping choreography. Leaving us with some final epic hits, Leigh-Anne joked: ‘Shall we do it again?’ and, to quote Metro.co.uk’s TV editor in that moment, we honestly would have given a lung. There’s no doubt that Perrie, Jade and Leigh-Anne were where they belong, with one very apt moment showing the girls rising up on thrones with crowns resting on their heads. Truthfully, they’ve always been queens – and now they clearly know it. It’s why we can’t be too heartbroken that they’re choosing this moment to bow out. They’re at the very top of their game, they each have the talent, charisma and confidence to take over the world and we have every faith they will. They’ll likely go in totally different directions with their solo music, which already seems to be in motion. But they’ll clearly be there for each other every step of the way. Many bands have promised that their hiatuses won’t be forever, but when the girls say Little Mix is forever, we reckon we can count on that. Little Mix Live – The Last Show (For Now…) will be live streamed from London’s O2 Arena on Saturday May 14. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Little Mix prove to be genuine ‘picture of unity’ in final interview: All the signs hiatus really is just ‘for now’ MORE : Jade Thirlwall fights back tears as Little Mix vow to support each other’s solo careers during final interview on The One Show 