Boris Becker has been warned he may need to change his hair colour so he’s not recognised so easily in prison. The disgraced former number one tennis star used to have ginger hair, but has since dyed it platinum white. A family member of one prisoner told The Sun: ‘I’m sure people will ask for his autograph as he’s very recognisable. ‘If he doesn’t want to be recognised he might have to dye his hair.’ A source also added the 54-year-old is ‘doing well’ after arriving in Wandsworth Prison in south-west London on Friday. But he has reportedly stayed away from his other inmates. The former Wimbledon champion and BBC pundit was jailed for two-and-a-half years last week for hiding £2.5 million after becoming bankrupt in 2017. He is expected to serve a year of his sentence and is then likely to be freed with a tag. Becker was convicted of four charges of insolvency last month after he was found to have hidden millions to avoid paying back his debts. He was found guilty by a jury at Southwark Crown Court after admitting to blowing his £38 million fortune from his glittering career in sport. He claimed ‘expensive lifestyle habits’ had drained his finances, as well as a costly divorce and payments towards the upkeep of his four children. Judge Deborah Taylor said he had shown no remorse or acceptance of guilt. Referring to his previous bankruptcy conviction, the judge said: ‘You did not heed the warning you were given and the chance you were given by the suspended sentence and that is a significant aggravating factor.’ She told Becker she had taken into account his ‘fall from grace’. ‘You have lost your career and reputation and all of your property as a result of your bankruptcy,’ the judge said. But she added: ‘You have not shown remorse, acceptance of your guilt and have sought to distance yourself from your offending and your bankruptcy. ‘While I accept your humiliation as part of the proceedings, there has been no humility.’ Tennis champion Novak Djokovic, who was coached by Boris, said he was ‘super sad for him’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.