There are plenty of ways to wear waves. At the Met Gala, we saw a number of celebrities rock up with waves of some description in their hair, from loose lengths to tighter dos. Three particular looks stole the show, going from bouncy and backcombed curls to loose elegant waves. If the A-list event has inspired a desire to try a wavy look, hair expert Nicole Petty, from Milk & Blush, reveals how to create some of the most jaw-dropping looks from the other night. You’ll be surprised by how straightforward they are to do. Get your tongs at the ready – it’s time give waves a try. Kaia Gerber wasn’t the only wear full volume waves, as Sophie Turner, Olivia Rodriguez, and Phoebe Dynevor all sported waist-length hair, complete with soft, natural-looking waves. But Kaia stole the show with this slightly retro take on waves – it reminds us of the 80s perm era, but modernised. Nicole says: ‘To achieve the same style, you’ll want to invest in a quality set of hair extensions for both length and volume (a minimum length of 22” will be needed). ‘Using a curling wand, work in smaller sections to get maximum volume and be sure to change the direction of the curl for a more natural effect. ‘Alternatively, a crimping iron can help achieve a similar look without the hair becoming too poofy. ‘Not only will this create a smoother style, but will also save you some time.’ It doesn’t get more ‘Hollywood’ thank this. In the true ‘gilded glamour’ style of the early 20th century, Euphoria actress Maude Apatow wore her shoulder-length bob with sweeping waves and tight ringlets framing one side of her face. Nicole says: ‘Finger waves were also a common style, with Lizzo and Laura Harrier sporting them to give a vintage nod to their looks. ‘On short hair, you can use just your fingers and a strong hair gel to create the signature waves. Be sure to have plenty of bobby pins or clips to hand to help set the hair. ‘On longer hair, use either heated rollers or a thin curling iron to curl small sections of hair and pin in rolls at the crown. ‘Once cool, brush out with a soft-bristled brush and use clips to help reform the waves. Use a firm hold hairspray to set the hair in place.’ Softer and ‘romantic’ looking, straight roots moving into loose waves at the end was another popular look – styled perfectly by Blake Lively while wearing a tiara. The waves looked so effortless, that you could even plait your hair overnight and brush the lengths out for a similar effect. For something slightly more done up, Nicole says: ‘Use a larger barrelled curling iron and be sure to keep all sections equal and curled in the same direction. ‘Once left to cool, brush the curls with a soft-bristled brush to blend hair together and create softer waves.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your guide to bridal hairstyles – from up-dos to hair accessories MORE : Girl with rare hair condition learns to embrace her unbrushable ‘lion’s mane’ MORE : Kim Kardashian now owns a lock of Marilyn Monroe’s hair after wearing her actual dress at the Met Gala