Glass skin has been a major trend in the beauty world for a while now, with influencers and YouTube gurus showing off clear, hydrated skin that has an almost glazed quality. Glass hair is the newest iteration of this, encompassing the same high-shine finish at its skincare counterpart and prioritising the health of your strands. Low-maintenance hairstyles (like the shag and the wolf cut) have reigned supreme for a while now, spurred on by salon closures and a lack of reasons for us to get glammed up during the pandemic. Now, however, we’re back in the outside world and ready to dazzle – with both  ‘extra’ outfits and super shiny hair. We’ve seen glass hair on runways and red carpets alike, with Meghan Thee Stallion championing her signature long, sleek locks at the recent Billboard Awards. Megan Fox, Kim Kardashian, and Emma Stone are also among the celebrities whose recent hair looks are so shiny you could see your starstruck face in them. Celebrity hairdresser and owner of Soho’s SALON64, Ricky Walters, tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Glass hair is hair that has been blowdried and sealed poker straight using specialist shine products. ‘As the name suggests the hair hangs without any bend at all, and is blowdried from soaking wet for maximum and unbelievable shine.’ According to Ricky, glass hair is ‘ideal for anyone with medium or long hair looking for a low maintenance yet glam result’. Although glass hair shouldn’t take too long to style – which is why it’s described as low maintenance – it does take some groundwork to ensure your hair is in good condition. Ricky recommends a salon-quality shampoo and conditioner (such as his own brand’s Viva La Shine range), adding: ‘Without a doubt it’s all about the products, starting with the prep.’ A hair moisturiser, oil, or serum is a good idea after each wash, replenishing the moisture in the hair and giving you the best chance of a smooth and reflective result. If you suffer with frizz and flyaways, go for Color Wow’s Dream Coat to tame and hold your style. The JVN Hair Complete Nourishing Shine Drops are also perfect for boosting shine while protecting from damage. To style glass here, here’s Ricky’s foolproof three-step method: Finish with a serum on the ends if you wish, and a spritz of hairspray to set, and you’ll be looking like you’re starring in a shampoo advert in no time. Try to remember, glass hair can work on any hair type, but the glossy sheen will be less visible in white, grey, blonde, and bleached hair. Darker colours reflect the light while lighter colours absorb it, and damage can effect the sleekness of your ‘do. Regular trims and prioritising your haircare routine will improve the health of hair over time, so have patience. Even if you don’t get the mirror-like result you’re after straight away, you’ll be on the road to stronger strands and fewer split ends – which is always a good thing. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Everything felt meaningless’: How working longer hours takes a toll your health MORE : The award-winning developments battling to be crowned London Building of the Year