An urban explorer has shared pictures of an abandoned funeral home from the 1950s, which still contains the unsettling tools of the trade. Leland Kent took photos of the property, which even has its own chapel and viewing room, with caskets still on display. The building, in the South-East USA, was constructed in 1955, and also served as a family home – with the business owners living on the second floor. Elsewhere in the funeral home, which closed in 2011, you’ll see empty caskets and an embalming room, complete with an autopsy table and embalming tools where bodies would have been prepared for burial. Leland Kent, who documents his finds on his website, said: ‘The owner of this funeral home was born in the 1920s, and after completing mortuary school in Pennsylvania returned south to open his business. ‘As the sole proprietor, the owner and his family lived in a small apartment on the second floor. ‘Someone had to always be close by in case the phone rang. Before the internet and cell phones, a landline was the only means of communication when a body needed to be picked up.’ With the home not having a funeral since 2011, it’s thought the business closed around that time. ‘The owner passed away a few years later,’ said Leland, ‘and the property has sat abandoned ever since. ‘Inside, the interior still holds its 1950s charm with the original wallpaper that can be seen throughout the home. ‘One unique feature of this funeral home is its small viewing room in the main chapel. The casket display room sits near the back of the building with a few caskets still on display. ‘In the rear of the building by the garage is the embalming room with its chequered floor. Old embalming chemicals and rusty tools were left behind inside the cabinets.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Househunters call Wisconsin home ‘haunted’ after spotting creepy dolls in listing photos MORE : Creepy property listing shows off home with Michael Myers lurking in photos MORE : Take a look inside an abandoned farmhouse left ‘frozen in time’