Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has refused to rule out a return to the ‘much slower’ Formula 1 car concept it ran at pre-season testing in Barcelona in an effort to improve its toiling W13. The Silver Arrows were way off the pace of frontrunners Red Bull and Ferrari once again at the Miami Grand Prix on Sunday, with drivers Lewis Hamilton and George Russell unable to challenge for the race win in a car which is at best capable of leading the midfield as things stand. The Brackley-based squad have won eight consecutive constructors’ championships since 2014, dominating F1 with the fastest car in every single season of the hybrid era. But 2022 has brought with it the biggest regulation change in a generation in Formula 1, and so far this campaign Mercedes are way off the pace of rivals Ferrari and Red Bull. F1 has returned to ground effect car designs this year for the first time since the 1980s, in an effort to allow cars to follow one another more closely and for drivers to race each other harder. So far, the changes seem to be having the desired effect, with Charles Leclerc and Max Verstappen engaging in thrilling tactical tussles for the lead in all four of the opening rounds. But the aerodynamic shift has brought with it a peculiar quirk known as ‘porpoising’, which sees cars bouncing violently up and down when travelling at high speeds due to the balance of air beneath the floor shifting forwards and backwards. While some teams have managed to resolve or mitigate the issue, Mercedes’ W13 car is suffering worse than most, and is simply slower through the corners than Ferrari and Red Bull’s machinery. Mercedes have been unable to ascertain the cause of the porpoising, which Wolff has claimed does not show up at all in the wind tunnel. The problem arose after the team switched to a sidepod-less design for the second round of pre-season testing in Bahrain, and Wolff said that the idea of returning to the previous design it ran at the original round of testing in Barcelona cannot be ruled out, despite being ‘much slower on paper.’ ‘Well, I wouldn’t discount anything, but we need to give all of our people who have produced great racecars in the past the benefit of the doubt, and we believe this is the route to go down,’ the Austrian explained to The Race after Russell and Hamilton finished fifth and sixth in Miami. ‘Barcelona [the next Grand Prix on the F1 calendar] is definitely going to be a point in time when we are able to correlate with what we’ve seen in February [in the  pre-season test] and gather more data. I’m also annoyed by always saying the same thing a lot: gathering data and making experiments. But it’s physics and not mystics.’ Though Mercedes will be able to discover a lot more about its car at Barcelona in theory, Wolff insists that they know full well there is the potential for speed in the current design concept, but are simply unable to unlock it as things stand. ‘We’re not looking at the lady next door and if we like it more or not, because it’s still good,’ Wolff said. ‘As a matter of fact, we need to understand – before you make a decision to switch to another concept – where did this one go wrong?  What is the goodness of the concept and what is the badness of the concept? ‘That is a question you can only respond to yourself, but I would be asking ourselves to get an answer after Barcelona, because that’s the real correlation we have. It’s clear that there is potential in the car, which is fast. But we just don’t understand how to unlock the potential.’ The effect of porpoising has been so intense that Wolff has previous explained both Hamilton and Russell are having to lift off the accelerator on some straights in order to be able to maintain control of the car, and he acknowledged the challenge the W13 is posing to both men after an immensely physically challenging on the searing Floridian heat on Sunday. ‘It’s a car that is super-difficult to drive and on the edge, dipping in and out of the performance window – more out than in. And dissecting the data with a scalpel is just a painful process because it takes a very long time and as a matter of fact the data sometimes doesn’t show what the drivers tell us. ‘Certainly [Hamilton and Russell] have their hands full with a car that is not at all comfortable to drive or nice to drive or predictable to drive.’ Lewis Hamilton questions Mercedes team over strategy confusion at F1 Miami Grand Prix ‘Which gap was that? F**k’ – Sebastian Vettel furious after late crash at Miami Grand Prix For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 