Plans are being drawn up to create a Covid-like dashboard to track cases of monkeypox, it has been claimed. It comes as eight more cases were confirmed in the UK – including the first in Wales and Northern Ireland. That takes the UK total to 90 and means every country in the UK has now identified patients with the illness. But according to The Daily Telegraph, the daily updates could soon be out tracked in a similar way to Covid-19. The coronavirus dashboard was developed over a number of weeks after the crisis began in Spring 2020. But with the technology now in place, the paper says imitating the dashboard for monkeypox would be a ‘relatively simple task’ – but adds there is no known date for the move, which also depends on the outbreak continuing. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) said the new cases bring the English total since May 7 to 85, and the UK total to 90. Health officials in Wales confirmed their first case on Thursday morning, before the Public Health Agency in Northern Ireland later confirmed a case. Two further cases were confirmed in Scotland, Public Health Scotland said, bringing the number of cases north of the border to three. People with unusual rashes or lesions, particularly if they have had a new sexual partner, have been urged to limit their contact with others and contact NHS 111 or their local sexual health clinic. Dr Susan Hopkins, UKHSA chief medical adviser, said: ‘We are continuing to promptly identify further monkeypox cases in England through our extensive surveillance and contact tracing networks, our vigilant NHS services, and thanks to people coming forward with symptoms.’ Dr Giri Shankar, director of health protection for Public Health Wales, added: ‘We are working with the UK Health Security Agency, Public Health Scotland, and Public Health Agency Northern Ireland, and we are ready to respond to cases of monkeypox in Wales. ‘The case is being managed appropriately. To protect patient confidentiality, no further details relating to the patient will be disclosed. ‘Everyone is being asked to be aware of the monkeypox symptoms, but it is important that gay and bisexual men are alert as it’s believed to be spreading in sexual networks’ One expert has suggested that the outbreak may have been sparked by sex at two raves, in Spain and Belgium. In Scotland, the two latest cases are said to be in people with ‘recent travel history’ and they are being treated in line with nationally agreed protocols and guidance, according to Public Health Scotland. Meanwhile, Northern Ireland’s chief medical officer suggested today that the outbreak – and cases of hepatitis seen around the world in children – could be linked to lower immunity levels as a result of lockdowns. Despite the rise in cases, the UKHSA has said the risk to the overall UK population ‘remains low’. Gay, bisexual and men who have sex with men are being urged in particular to be aware of symptoms, especially if they have recently had a new sexual partner. UKHSA teams have been tracing contacts of those with a confirmed case and are advising those at highest risk to isolate for 21 days. A smallpox vaccine is also being offered to close contacts to reduce their risk of symptoms and severe illness. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : UK buys 20,000 doses of smallpox vaccine to fight monkeypox