Barcelona star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is hoping Arsenal can win next season’s Europa League after his former club narrowly missed out on qualifying for the Champions League. The Gunners lost the race for the top four in the final week of the season, with a costly defeat to Newcastle United handing north London rivals Tottenham the upper hand going into the last day. While Arsenal beat Everton on the final day, Spurs also won their match against Norwich City, which sealed Champions League football for Antonio Conte’s side. Aubameyang started the 2021/22 campaign at the Emirates Stadium, but in December, he lost the club captaincy following his latest disciplinary breach. The 32-year-old then made the switch to Barcelona in the January transfer window, and has enjoyed success under Xavi at Camp Nou. Aubameyang will be playing Champions League football for the La Liga club next season, and is disappointed his former club won’t be. ‘Really close [to getting in the top four]. I think they made a lot of improvements and I’m a bit sad because I wanted to catch them in the Champions League., I have a lot of friends over there,’ Aubameyang told Sky Sports. ‘But I’m wishing them all the best for next season and obviously, I think it’s going to be a good thing for them to get back to the Europa League as well. Hopefully, they can win it.’ Arsenal are expected to bolster their squad in the summer transfer window ahead of next season, with the likes of Manchester City’s Gabriel Jesus and Leicester City’s Youri Tielemans linked with the club. Meanwhile, the future of Mohamed Elneny has been secured, with the midfielder’s previous deal due to run out in the summer. But the 29-year-old has penned a new one-year deal including an option for a further 12 months. ‘I love this club and I feel like part of this family,’ Elneny told Arsenal club media. ‘I want to continue at this amazing club and amazing family and I’m very happy and very excited for the future.’ MORE : Liverpool star Andy Robertson proud of keeping Bukayo Saka ‘quiet’ during Arsenal clash MORE : Erik ten Hag instructs Manchester United to beat Barcelona and Arsenal to £50m Ruben Neves transfer For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 