CCTVC footage shows how passengers ran in terror as a man waved a huge machete around in the carriage of a tube train in central London. Ricky Morgan has been found guilty of attempted murder for the attack, which took place on a Jubilee line train last summer. He hacked businessman James Porritt, who was a total stranger, leaving him with part of his hand hanging off that he had to hold together himself. Other passengers fled down the train, with some falling to the ground in the rush to get away. Following today’s guilty verdict, British Transport Police released videos showing the attack itself, and armed police responding to arrest Morgan. Mr Porritt described the attacker as looking like the Terminator. He added: ‘It was just like he was a predator and he was hunting, and he decided he was hunting me.’ He managed to get away and through a carriage door, while holding the severed parts of his hand together. As well as the severe injury to his right hand, Mr Porritt suffered bone-deep cuts to his head and shin, jurors were told. Many passengers ran, but one bravely tried to engage with Morgan and told him to ‘calm down’, the court heard. Meanwhile, a doctor who happened to be on the train gave Mr Porritt first aid. Morgan was charged with attempted murder and two counts of possessing an offensive weapon in a public place. He was found guilty of both offences following a trial at the Old Bailey. He will be sentenced in the coming weeks. Detective Sergeant Nick Thompson, of BTP, said: ‘This was a brutal and unprovoked attack. The two men had never spoken, never met, and had never crossed paths until that day. ‘Clearly it was terrifying situation for the victim, he was able to escape but this attack and the injuries he suffered continues to have a substantial impact on his life. ‘BTP firearms officers were soon at the scene, Morgan was subdued and taken into custody. He is evidently a danger to the public and the jury saw fit to ensure he faces consequences equal to the severity of this attack.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.