Pete Davidson and Kanye West’s feud has a long history, dating back to jibes made by Pete at Kanye’s expense way back in 2018. But it came to most people’s attention in 2021, when Pete started dating Kim Kardashian, several months after Kim filed for divorce from her rapper husband. Their tit-for-tat has included Kanye portraying himself killing a Davidson lookalike in a controversial music video. However, if recent reports are to be believed, Davidson has learned nothing from his previous provocations towards West. Last weekend, a paparazzo in LA snapped Pete with what appeared to be ‘KNSCP’ tattooed on his neck ⁠— the initials of Kim Kardashian and her children: North, Saint, Chicago, and Psalm, all of whom were fathered by Kanye. Coincidence? Well, it wouldn’t be Pete’s first bit of Kim-themed ink; he already has her name on his chest and a tat saying ‘My Girl Is A Lawyer’, in reference to the fact that Kim passed the baby bar law exam in December last year. So, probably not. Even if Pete and Kim were in a long-term, committed relationship — and Kanye hadn’t been raising eyebrows for months with poison-pen diatribes against his ex’s new beau — doesn’t getting a tattoo dedicated to another man’s kids come across as a bit, well, much? Let’s look at the context: Pete has been with Kim for little over half a year. Unfortunately for the Saturday Night Live star, medical technology hasn’t advanced enough yet for him to father his own baby with Kim in that time. Perhaps that’s why he’s resorted to this most recent move – appearing to use Kim’s kids as props in his macho ego games. Kanye has dragged him through the dirt on social media and in music videos, which to me makes the tattoo look like a particularly unsubtle form of retaliation. It almost reads as a threat, or some kind of territorial statement: ‘Her and her children are mine, so back off’. As far as I know, Pete doesn’t actually have a particularly close relationship with any of Kim’s offspring. Earlier this year, Kanye very publicly voiced disapproval at the idea of Pete even meeting his children. And from Pete’s perspective, the realities of his relationships with the kids aren’t the point. The symbolic gesture of commitment he’s making to the children seems to be simply a proxy for his apparent ‘love’ for Kim (and conversely, his disdain for Kanye). If it is a territorial battle, the children aren’t being treated as people in their own right; they’re being treated like objects. The tattoo won’t do anything materially to improve their lives. It’s hard to see what benefit it has to Kim, either (beyond generating publicity, if you’re a cynic). However, Pete’s choice to do something he knows will aggravate Kanye could – whether he intends it or not – harm Kim and her kids by adding more tension to her and their father’s rocky co-parenting relationship. And let’s be clear, adding fuel to the fire of a feud between a vengeful ex and the mother of his kids isn’t love, it’s ego-driven selfishness. Some fans may think I’m being unfair on Pete. After all, isn’t he a victim in this situation too? After all, Kanye’s music videos featuring Davidson are violent – and Pete does have issues of his own. I do feel bad for him, and you could make a compelling argument that Pete has been pushed to this point by Kanye’s relentless harassment. However, as Kanye’s ex, and the mother of his kids, Kim has more to lose here than Pete does. Pete can leave the situation, but Kim is the mother of those kids no matter what. Perhaps the biggest victims of all, though, are the children, all of whom are under 10, and – it seems – being used as pawns in a drama between two egotistical men. One day they’ll be old enough to understand that these men chose to prioritise fighting over a perceived ‘ownership’ of Kim over her wellbeing, and theirs. The poor kids never chose to be involved in this. Ultimately, Pete Davidson needs to think beyond his immediate sense of pride, or even vanity over how he looks, and examine how his actions impact other people. He made the decision to date the mother of Kanye West’s kids. Being a respectful partner means treating your significant other like a person, not a shiny accessory to taunt your rivals with. The fact that kids are involved makes it all the more imperative that Pete starts behaving like an adult. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing siobhan.smith@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘Waiting for Kanye’s rant’: Pete Davidson’s ‘tattoo of Kim Kardashian’s children’ divides the internet MORE : Kids are so expensive that I had to quit my job – I couldn’t afford childcare MORE : Kim Kardashian shares first look at boyfriend Pete Davidson’s ‘My Girl Is A Lawyer’ tattoo – after revealing name branding