Gareth Bale is ‘ready’ to inflict more Champions League final misery on Liverpool tonight. The Wales international has become a forgotten man at Real Madrid, starting just four games this season having returned from a loan spell back at Tottenham last summer. The 32-year-old will leave the Spanish capital when his contract expires next month having played a key role in some of Real’s biggest successes over the last decade. Bale has won four Champions League titles with Los Blancos, scoring twice against Liverpool in their 2018 clash against Liverpool in Kyiv. The former Southampton starlet wrote his name into history that night with a stunning overhead kick to give his side the lead, sealing the win with a second effort courtesy of an error from Loris Karius in a triumphant 3-1 win. Bale has managed just seven minutes of Champions League football this season, three and four minute cameos off the bench against Paris Saint-Germain and Chelsea respectively in the knockout stages. But the Welshman is in Carlo Ancelotti’s squad ahead of tonight’s final, tweeting ‘#UCL final ready’ as we count down to kick off. Despite his contribution to Real’s recent successes, Bale has been targeted by Real supporters and the Spanish press in recent years who have aggressively questioned his commitment to the cause. Reviewing footage of the Champions League final four years ago when Bale scored twice to dash Liverpool’s hopes in Kiev, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp was almost lost for words when watching a clip of Bale’s incredible acrobatic effort which put his team 2-1 ahead. ‘People in Madrid don’t love him?’ questioned Klopp. ‘I would love him only for this goal to be honest if I was a Madrid fan. I cannot believe that.’ MORE : Why Real Madrid’s Champions League hero and Liverpool’s villain weren’t so different after all MORE : How much prize money will Liverpool or Real Madrid get if they win the Champions League? For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 