Mateo Kovacic could still be fit to play for Chelsea in the FA Cup final against Liverpool and will undergo late medical tests ahead of the clash at Wembley. Kovacic was caught by a reckless challenge from Leeds United forward Dan James at Elland Road on Wednesday night which resulted in the former Manchester United man being shown a straight red card. The Croatia international attempted to play on but was eventually forced off as the Blues went onto seal a 3-0 win. While the prognosis was initially bleak, Tuchel is hopeful he can still feature on Saturday with Kovavic himself pushing to make the squad. ‘We will try it today, actually which is pretty surprising where we are in a situation where we can try it,’ Tuchel told a press conference. ‘But Mateo wants to try it and medical department gave the green light to try it. The advantage is that the ligament was torn from the last incident so there is no new injury. ‘There is heavy pain and it’s heavily swollen, we are hoping maybe time is enough that he makes it we will try in training and then we know more about it. In the game he was very good and general he has stepped up again.’ N’Golo Kante meanwhile missed the midweek trip to Yorkshire but Tuchel is also hopeful the influential Frenchman will be ready after coming through light training sessions unscathed on Thursday. ‘He’s also trying,’ Tuchel continued. ‘He tried yesterday in training and trained more or less everything. ‘Hopefully now without a reaction. It was a reduced training session because of quite a long travel and fatigue so it was not high intensity. ‘We will also try with him today, he is keen to make it 100% that we can plan with him tomorrow would be crucial for us.’ Liverpool have their own concern in midfield with Fabinho set to miss the Wembley clash. The Brazilian star hobbled off during Liverpool’s Premier League victory at Aston Villa on Tuesday night. ‘There’s a good chance that he will be back whenever – not for the weekend but whenever, Klopp said. ‘There’s a good chance that he will be available for the Champions League final.’ MORE : Romelu Lukaku’s agent admits striker had a ‘problem’ at Chelsea and responds to Inter return rumours MORE : Paul Merson makes FA Cup final prediction as Chelsea face Liverpool For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 