Corrections officer Vicky White has died after shooting herself as she and her murder inmate lover Casey White were captured after a 10-day manhunt. The pair were found at a hotel in Indiana and taken into custody on Monday after a brief chase. Vicky suffered a self-inflicted gunshot wound before being captured. Her injuries and their severity were not initially known. ‘Casey White and Vicky White are in custody,’ said Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton on Monday evening. ‘This has ended a very long and stressful and challenging week and a half. It ended the way that we knew it would. They are in custody.’ By Monday night, Vanderburgh County Coroner Steven Lockyear revealed that Vicky died at 7pm at Evansville Deaconess Midtown Hospital. Her autopsy is set to be performed on Tuesday. The pair who had a ‘special relationship’ were captured after a tip from a citizen took authorities to Evansville, which is more than 200 miles from the Alabama county jail where Vicky helped Casey escape. Both were to be taken back to Lauderdale County in Alabama to face charges. ‘We got a dangerous man off the streets today. He’s never gonna see the light of day again. That’s a good thing,’ Singleton said, before speaking about his former employee. ‘I hope she survives this. She has some answers to give us.’ The sheriff also thanked investigators and the media for bringing attention to the story. ‘Most escapes from a county jail especially they’re not planned. They’re just sort of spontaneous. There are no resources available, no plan in place,’ Singleton said. ‘This escape was obviously well planned and calculated. They had plenty of resources, had cash,’ he said. ‘They had plenty of things to pull this off.’ Vicky, the assistant director of corrections at the Lauderdale County jail, assisted Casey in escaping while he was awaiting a capital murder trial. That started a manhunt on April 29 across multiple states. The pair’s 2006 Ford F-150 pickup truck was found at a car wash in Evansville hours before they were taken into custody, after US Marshals got a tip about it on Sunday. Surveillance images showed a man who looked like Casey leaving the vehicle at the car wash. Had Vicky survived, she would have faced up to 10 years in jail for helping Casey escape. The confessed killer was serving a 75-year sentence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.