A schoolboy was expelled after he took a toy gun into McDonald’s where his friend shot pellets at other pupils. Pauline Pollard, 53, says her son was permanently excluded over the incident, saying it was ‘unfair’ and ‘over the top’. The self-employed cleaner likened his former academy in Birmingham to an ‘army camp’. Her son Mitchell, 12, had been attending Christ Church in Yardley Wood, a brand new school which opened in September. Pauline said he took a black and yellow toy gun to the fast food restaurant and gave it to a friend who ‘shot a couple of pellets at two pupils’. She said he had a previous mark on his record due to a ‘misunderstanding’. During a class debate over the three things pupils would take to a desert island, Pauline said her son joked about packing a pair of scissors to ‘stab himself in the neck’ as he would not want to be alone. She claimed a teacher misheard this remark and thought Mitchell was threatening them. Mark Bowman Dalton, the headteacher at Christ Church, said: ‘Any exclusion is not made lightly and will follow the statutory guidance set by the Department for Education. Each case is treated fairly and will be reviewed by a panel of governors. ‘Christ Church, Church of England Secondary Academy sets clear boundaries that encourage excellent behaviour and ensure the safety and well-being of everyone in the learning environment.’ Pauline insisted that despite being permanently excluded her son was not a ‘wayward’ child. She said Mitchell was now ‘considered a danger’ despite not having threatened or harmed anyone. ‘We found quite early on that the school is quite harsh,’ she said. ‘Whilst we appreciate that they are going to try and set a benchmark and a precedent for a brand new school, they are a little bit over the top in punishment.’ Pauline said she had provided the school’s board of governors with ‘impeccable references’ on behalf of Mitchell, including a worker at the McDonald’s where he gave the toy gun to his friend. She said she was in the process of appealing the decision, insisting Mitchell was not found with a BB gun because it didn’t shoot ball bearings but ‘small plastic pips’. It was clear it did not pose a danger as it was black and gold in colour, she claimed. Police forces have previously warned people to be careful with toy guns, which can look realistic. West Yorkshire Police issued guidance saying that ‘the police treat all reports involving weapons as if they are real live firearms. Please note that all calls to police involving firearms are treated as if it is a genuine firearm so be aware that if you do wave an imitation firearm around you could find yourself surrounded by firearms officers pointing real weapons at you.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.