Boris Johnson is determined to fight on after a dismal performance in the local elections. The prime minister admitted the results were ‘tough’ yesterday but is planning on using the Queen’s Speech next week to announce a raft of new policies. Number 10 aides were reportedly told he is ‘buoyant about the future’ despite a torrid 12 months which has seen his popularity plummet. Senior Tories have sought to present the results as disappointing but not a decisive rejection of the government, pointing to Labour’s failure to make major breakthroughs in key battleground, despite taking the largest vote share. An adviser is said to have told Downing Street staff that ‘the sky hasn’t fallen in’ and it appears Mr Johnson believes he can ride out yet another set back to his premiership. It has been a turbulent 12 months for the PM and, with a general election less than two years off, some in the party are nervous this week’s results signal a wider decline in the party’s support. At the last round of local elections, Mr Johnson’s party hammered Labour across the country and capped of the rout with a win in the symbolic Hartlepool by-election. But things began to unravel shortly afterwards with the Owen Paterson affair, followed by partygate, leading to open revolt against the previously-unassailable leader from some within his own party. A year on from headlines proclaiming Mr Johnson was planning for a decade in power, the picture looks very different On Thursday, the Liberal Democrats took chunks out of the Tory vote in some areas and the BBC projected Labour would be the largest party at a general election if those voting patterns were repeated. MORE : United Ireland closer than ever with Sinn Fein set to win Stormont election Despite Mr Johnson’s bullishness, the results have led to renewed criticism of Mr Johnson from some Tories, especially in areas where it suffered heavy losses. Some admitted that partygate and the PM’s integrity came up repeatedly on the doorstep, as well as cost of living issues, with one former council leader calling on him to resign. An unnamed minister told The Times: ‘There is a fin de siècle feel. Boris did a very good job of making it feel new, but it has been 14 years and it’s starting to feel like it. ‘Of course he has his praetorian guard. But about 80 per cent of the parliamentary party has come to the view that he has to go and the question is when to do it at a time that is least damaging to our marginal colleagues.’ With more talk of a no confidence vote swirling, education secretary Nadhim Zahawi called for unity, saying: ‘People don’t like to vote for split parties, for teams that are divided.’ He said the Queen’s Speech would include proposals on ‘repairing the economy, recovering from Covid, the backlog of the NHS and national security – here at home, safer streets – and, of course, abroad.’ Mr Johnson’s defiant response comes despite his party suffering losses across the board. The Conservatives went backwards in England, losing more than 340 council seats and control of 10 local authorities. It was a particularly bad night in London, the city where the PM staked out his political reputation. The capital’s shift to Labour and rejection of Mr Johnson’s leadership produced totemic defeats in Wandsworth, Westminster and Barnet, formerly Tory strongholds. It was a similar story in Scotland, where more than 60 losses saw Labour become the country’s second largest party at the local level, five years after the Tories looked to have revolutionised their fortunes north of the border. In Wales, a slew of defeats was capped off with the loss of the one Tory council majority in the country. But what should have been a day of celebration for Labour was overshadowed by the news Durham Constabulary has decided to investigate Sir Keir Starmer over an alleged breach of lockdown rules. Mr Johnson is also braced to receive more fines, with the Metropolitan Police resuming its partygate investigation now that the elections have finished. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.