The Met Gala is the fashion event of the year, bringing together the best-dressed stars in the world to celebrate the Costume Institute’s annual exhibition. The exhibition itself invariably ends up playing second fiddle to the red carpet, which is a who’s who of the fashion world – and they go all out for the occasion. As well as looking out for style inspiration, we’ll also be checking who sticks to the theme, which organiser, Vogue, has announced will be ‘gilded glamour’ for 2022. Guests have been specifically asked to wear ‘white tie’ rather than black tie, and to dress opulently to represent a specific time in American history. Vogue says: ‘The 2022 Met Gala will ask its attendees to embody the grandeur — and perhaps the dichotomy — of Gilded Age New York.’ This time period (said to be from 1870 to 1890) was one of excess for the USA, but also of deprivation. Wealth grew exponentially for a select few, and the New York skyline we know today began to grow. For America’s elite back then, outfits were very much a ‘go big or go home’ affair, with jewel tones, voluminous shapes, and extravagant features like fringing and ruffles. Us regular folks in 2022 are unlikely to don pompadour wigs and bustles, but we can still get in on the action – both fashion-wise and in the home. Gold interiors are the perfect way to bring a bit of the Gilded Age to you, and although it’s a trending colour in the interiors world right now, auric homeware will stand the test of time. For some inspiration, we’ve rounded up our favourite golden home buys you can get your hands on now. Buy for £35 from Asda. Buy for £75 from Oliver Bonas. Buy for £12.99 from The Range. Buy for £40.50 at Silver Mushroom. Buy for £78 (reduced from £90) from Furn. Buy for £20 from Anthropologie. Buy for £100 from Dunelm. Buy for £17.99 at H&M. Buy for £39 from Next. Buy for £15 at Matalan. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Historic home transformed with repurposed antique materials goes on sale for £950,000 MORE : All inclusive holiday drink limits – what to know before you go