A wealthy cabinet minister was slammed as out of touch for telling struggling families to manage their budgets by choosing ‘value’ brands at the supermarket. Environment Secretary George Eustice made the remarks as he faced a grilling about the cost of living crisis gripping Britain. On top of rising bills and taxes, it was revealed this week that the price of groceries is now increasing at its fastest rate in 11 years, adding an extra £271 to the amount average households will pay at the till this year. Prices are being pushed up because of a host of factors, including disruption to supplies of staples such as cooking oil due to the war in Ukraine, and the soaring cost of wholesale gas even before the conflict took hold. Mr Eustice, whose family owns a fruit farm in Cornwall, said the knock-on effect of higher energy bills had pushed up fertiliser and feed costs, affecting products such as meat and fresh produce. Asked what his advice was to people who want a Sunday roast with a chicken but cannot afford it, Eustice told Sky News:  ‘Generally speaking, what people find is by going for some of the value brands rather than own-branded products – they can actually contain and manage their household budget. ‘It will undoubtedly put a pressure on household budgets and, of course, it comes on top of those high gas prices as well.’ He argued there was a ‘very, very competitive retail market with 10 big supermarkets and the four main ones competing very aggressively, particularly on some of the lower-cost, everyday value items for households, so things like spaghetti and ambient products – there’s a lot of competition to keep those prices down’. He also suggested that Elsie, the 77-year-old woman riding buses to keep warm, should go to her local council for help. Boris Johnson came under fire yesterday for boasting about having brought in free bus passes when confronted with the story of her struggles to heat her home during an interview with Good Morning Britain. Mr Eustice referred to the woman as ‘Elsa’, despite her story going viral yesterday. Labour’s deputy leader Angela Rayner called him out on the mistake, branding him ‘totally useless’. Meanwhile, shadow treasury minister Pat McFadden criticised Eustice’s comments as ‘woefully out of touch from a government with no solution to the cost-of-living crisis facing working people’. ‘People are seeing their wages fall, fuel and food costs rise, and families are worried about how to make ends meet,’ he said. ‘It’s time for the government to get real help to people rather than comments that simply expose how little they understand about the real struggles people are facing to pay their bills.’ The Liberal Democrat work and pensions spokesperson, Wendy Chamberlain, also slammed the cabinet minister, saying: ‘Families and pensioners who can’t afford their weekly shop need more help, not patronising advice from a clueless minister.’ She added: ‘This is the stark reality of Boris Johnson’s Britain. Oil and gas giants are raking in billions, while families are told to buy value food and pensioners are riding around on buses to keep warm.’ The government is under mounting pressure to announce a windfall tax on the profits being made by energy giants due to high global prices, with the revenue used to help struggling households. Yesterday, BP reported an underlying profit of $6.2bn (£4.9bn) compared to $2.6bn in the same period last year. Mr Eustice today insisted a windfall tax on oil and gas giants would deter investment, despite BP’s boss saying a levy would not affect its decisions. Asked which investments BP would cancel if there were a windfall tax, chief executive Bernard Looney told The Times: ‘There are none that we wouldn’t do.’ However, Eustice told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘Rishi Sunak has to design a tax system for the sector as a whole, not what one individual company might say when posed a particular question.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 