We’re told every day how important sleep is for us. So it can be infuriating when we simply cannot drift off when bedtime rolls around. It’s a vicious cycle of anxious thoughts about a lack of sleep, followed by lack of sleep-induced anxiety. Sleep struggles are common – and different hacks and techniques work for different people. So we’ve asked people who have previously struggled to sleep to share the exact thing that changed everything for them. This is what they had to say… ‘Rescue remedy night spray and Matthew McConaughey’s sleep story on Calm is a game-changing combination. Literally, I have never managed to hear the ending – no matter how difficult I found it to sleep before switching it on. ‘His voice is so calming and the story is so lovely – and the rescue remedy spray is the only thing that stops my mind going wild with thoughts when I’m trying to switch off.’ ‘A weighted blanket and blackout eye mask. I’ve never looked back… pun intended.’ ‘I always thought that my flat white and Diet Coke consumption simply didn’t impact my sleeping – but it was only when I kicked the habit, I realised that they weren’t doing me any favours. I didn’t just go cold turkey, instead I cut down day by day and have gone from at least five strong coffees a day to two and nothing fizzy – just water or a herbal tea. ‘I wouldn’t say I have perfect sleep now but just as my caffeine intake has decreased, so has my Nytol consumption.’ ‘Someone once suggested to me to get out of bed if you were struggling to get off to sleep, then only head back to bed when you felt tired again. ‘Honestly, it’s been a total game changer for me.’ ‘The Calm app and their sleep stories. It’s the only app I will happily hand over £30 for.’ ‘I used to really struggle to switch off when getting into bed, and if I ever woke up in the night my mind would begin racing. It would usually be work or general thoughts and then the anxiety of lying awake thinking about something and not being able to sleep, even if I wasn’t. ‘I started taking a couple of drops of CBD oil before bed (Pure Sport CBD’s Unwind, which is designed for sleep) and it made a massive difference. I could sleep right through the night, and the quality of sleep seemed to improve too. ‘It even got to the point where I didn’t have to take it every night as I knew it was there if I needed it (removing the anxiety). It’s not the cheapest remedy, but it’s certainly very effective.’ ‘A pillow mist that I use has changed my life on those particularly draining nights when I cannot get to sleep. ‘Aromatherapy plays a huge part in my sleep schedule as I find it is the only method that seems to work wonders. I use the “Echor- Sleeping Mist” and I have never had a fault with it. I know it will come in handy as soon as the hot weather in the UK hits us, as what’s worse than struggling to get to sleep on a sweaty night? ‘Of course, staying off your electronic devices will help your mind lay to rest after a long day, but the pillow mist is a must for me to get to sleep quickly and effectively.’ ‘I have to have a fan on for an hour to get me into a deep sleep and I take two to three melatonin gummies.’ This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Can CBD really help you sleep better? MORE : 13 practical steps you can take right now to improve your sleep MORE : How to get the most out of a short sleep