A married man who has lived in England for 20 years is one of ‘up to 50 people’ facing deportation to Iraq next week. If the Home Office’s charter flight to Erbil International Airport takes place on May 31, it would be the first one from the UK in at least a decade, according to the Bail for Immigration Detainees (BiD) charity. Metro.co.uk has seen the removal orders of three people in Colnbrook centre, next to Heathrow Airport, who were all alerted last week, leaving them with just days to organise legal representation. One of the detainees, who wishes to remain anonymous, has lived in the north-west of England since 2002, building a life for himself since escaping torture in Iraq. His wife and four step-children have all supported him during his failed appeal for asylum. Fighting back through tears from his cell, the 39-year-old said: ‘Forget everything else, taking me away from my family is the worst. ‘I had a really bad childhood and I always dreamt of having a normal family and a normal life. ‘Coming from Iraq and having seen the war, the tortures and the killings, I came here to try and build a little family for myself. ‘Am I going to die there? Am I going to see my family ever again? This is what I think about all the time.’ He continued: ‘Sometimes, I think about hanging myself to make it all end. It is so hard, I cannot even breathe. The pain is unbearable. ‘We are all human but I feel there is no humanity. Just because I am from Iraq, it doesn’t mean I am not human. I am locked up in this room and I cannot breathe, there is not even a window.’ Previously, he was detained in 2017, 2018 and 2019, spending four to five weeks locked up in immigration removal centres every time, being treated ‘just like a terrorist’. When he arrived hidden in a lorry aged 19, he did not imagine this is what his life in England would look like – living with fear that every knock on the front door will be from immigration officers. Even though he has a ‘dream-come-true’ family, he is not legally allowed to work, leaving all the financial strain on his 65-year-old wife, who is self-employed. Every week he also has to sign in at his local police station – an appointment he says he has never missed – and has even made friends with the officers there. The last five years spent battling the Home Office he described as ‘torture’, adding that his GP has prescribed him anti-depression medication. Thinking about his future and the imminent possibility of being deported to Iraq, where he has no family or friends, has worsened his mental health while locked up at Colnbrook. ‘I remember tanks, helicopters, constant war and people being blown up in front of me,’ the detainee said, recalling his childhood. ‘My family were all killed in a bomb attack in 2006, four years after I left. I lost my mum, sister and brother that day.’ ‘If I am sent back, I am going to be tortured and killed.’ After he was detained last week, he has learnt of another ‘up to 50’ Iraqis held in Brook House and Harmondsworth who – like him – have been sent removal orders by the Home Office. Campaigners are already working to halt the flight with the very limited time they have until next Tuesday, when the plane is expected to depart. BiD, which challenges immigration detention, has so far been contacted by four men, some of whom have been in the UK for decades and have families here who will be torn apart by their deportation. Director Annie Viswanathan stressed that many have no remaining connections in a country that ‘has been torn apart by tyranny, invasion and protracted conflict’. ‘We are speaking to people who fear for their lives if they are returned to Iraq, including torture survivors,’ she added. ‘Despite knowing about this flight for many weeks, the Home Office only issued people with their removal ticket last weekend – just over a week before the flight, and on a day that lawyers are not working. ‘In the attempt to deport as many people as possible on this single flight, the Home Office appears to be obstructing access to justice. ‘We are impressed by the organising work being done by Iraqi nationals who are currently detained, who are uniting to raise awareness of the injustice.’ This comes just a week after a charter flight to Jamaica took off with seven people on board after dozens of others were granted last-minute legal reprieve. A 2020 report by the Public Accounts committee (PAC) found that the significant lack of diversity at senior levels of the Home Office means the lack of ‘wide range of perspectives when establishing rules and assessing the human impact of its decisions’. Professional judgement cannot be relied upon if an organisation has blind spots, and the Windrush scandal demonstrated the damage such a culture creates, the document stated. The Home Office said it does not comment on individual cases. A statement said: ‘We make no apology for removing foreign criminals and those with no right to remain in the UK. ‘This is what the public rightly expects and why we regularly operate flights to different countries. ‘Individuals are only returned when the Home Office and, where applicable, the courts deem it is safe to do so. ‘The New Plan for Immigration will fix the broken immigration system and expediate the removal of those who have no right to be here.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.