A fish and chip shop thought to be the oldest in Britain under family ownership faces its biggest battle to survive since the war years due to soaring costs caused by the war in Ukraine. Knight’s Fish Restaurant in Glastonbury, Somerset, revealed the eye-watering price hikes it is having to absorb as the aftershocks from the Russian invasion hit the food supply chain. The dining house, which has been in the same family for 113 years, is among thousands of chippies that are being impacted by a spike in prices for sunflower oil and its alternatives. The industry is said to be facing the biggest crisis in its history, with one in three chippies estimated to be facing closure by the end of the year. Ukraine is the world’s largest producer and exporter of sunflower oil and together with Russia accounts for 60% of the market. Shockwaves from the invasion have hit other supply lines crucial in bringing the traditional meal to British diners, including wheat and white fish. Knight’s manager George Morey said: ‘We’ve already been through a three-round boxing match with the lockdowns and now this. ‘The cost of vegetable and sunflower oil is worrying because ultimately it’s not the stuff we are selling, it’s the stuff we need to cook those products in. ‘The vegetable fat that we use for frying was around £15.70 per block this time last year. On average we go through about 15 of those a week with oil changes and top ups. Now we are looking at prices at anywhere between £23.99 and £25 a block.  It’s a hell of an increase within the space of a year. ‘There has also been a big impact on fish. This time last year we were buying in packs for about £179, but this year it’s over £200 sometimes. ‘The forecast predicts it could rise to over £300 per case. ‘The Russian market has at least 50% input into white fish sales and fishing contracts in various different oceans, and that includes from certified and sustainable sources, which are the most desirable so we can ensure our industry continues and we don’t run out of stock essentially. ‘With the Russians dominating the market, all the tariffs and sanctions could well mean that the £300 a case figure could become a reality.’ Mr Morey, 29, is the fifth generation of his family to run the award-winning chippy, which opened when Edward VII was on the throne. However the present cross-winds are the greatest it has had to weather in peacetime, with a shortage of Ukrainian wheat needed for batter and rising energy bills also squeezing the margins. Mr Morey said: ‘I can’t imagine what previous generations of our family business had to put up with during the First and Second World War. ‘But we are on a similar scale with the uncertainty of whether you can afford to buy a product or whether you take it off the menu and find a replacement. There’s also the rising energy costs, with our gas being on for nine hours a day. ‘I don’t think a lot of established fish and chip shops can afford to take all these hits at once, so we could see some going under. We are lucky where we are because now the pandemic has wound down we have the tourists again but whether that will offset everything else is the big question.’ Fish and chips were referred to as ‘the good companions’ by Winston Churchill during the Second World War. Mr Morey said: ‘During the war fish and chips were one of the few meals that weren’t rationed, and we still had control of the oceans around our island, so we were able to bring in fish. It was quite important for our shops to be open to feed the nation at that point. ‘Fish and chips were seen as a cheap, traditional and nutritious alternative to restaurants but with the price rises that we have had to make, there is a risk that they will lose that attraction and that puts pressure on us. ‘My great-grandfather, Frank Knight, went around the military bases to take their spare oil to put in his fryer, so he found a way to keep the business going, and hopefully the fifth generation of our family business will be able to pass the restaurant on to future generations. But we do need to brace ourselves for the possibility that things might get worse.’ The National Federation of Fish Friers warned this week that around 3,500 of the UK’s 10,500 chippies could shut because of the rocketing prices. With stocks of sunflower oil running low for consumers and businesses rising demand has led to a shortage of alternatives. Suparmarkets have started rationing customers to two bottles each due to the dwindling supplies. Do you have a story you would like to share? Contact josh.layton@metro.co.uk For more stories like this, check our news page.