Liam Payne has split from fiancée Maya Henry after around three years together. The former One Direction singer, 28, announced his engagement to the model, 21, in August, 2020, but they have now gone their separate ways, Metro.co.uk can confirm. According to reports, the pair ended their relationship last month, but the reason behind this decision has not been made clear. News of their split comes after pictures reportedly emerged, appearing to show the Strip That Down singer with his arms around a mystery woman. Slamming the photos, Maya reportedly said in a now-deleted comment: ‘I love all of the fans so much but please stop sending me these pictures of my fiancé wrapped around another woman. ‘This is not me and it’s hard enough knowing this has happened without seeing it. Enough now.’ Discussing her comments, a source told MailOnline: ‘Liam and Maya are no longer together and split up for good over a month ago.’ Liam and Maya went public with their relationship in August, 2019 – the year after he broke up with ex-girlfriend, Cheryl. They took their romance to the next level the following August, with the musician getting down on one knee during lockdown. Less than a year later, the dad-of-one revealed that he was single in a candid chat with Dragon’s Den star Steven Bartlett, and blamed himself for the split. During an appearance on the businessman’s YouTube series, he said: ‘I feel like more than anything at this point, I’m more disappointed in myself that I keep on hurting people. ‘That annoys me. I’ve just not been very good at relationships. ‘And I know what my pattern of things is with relationships, I feel at this point. I’m just not very good at them so I just need to work on myself before I put myself on to somebody else. ‘That’s where I got to in my last relationship. I just wasn’t giving a very good version of me anymore, that I didn’t appreciate and I didn’t like being. I can honestly say I feel better out of it. ‘I didn’t feel good doing what I did but it had to happen. Just a corny way to say it was the best for us both. I know I was the problem. I need to sort myself out and I already feel good.’ Liam and Maya got back together last September, with the fashion star donning her stunning engagement ring once again. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Maya for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Everything you need to know about The Lincoln Lawyer books, author and reading order after show hits Netflix MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Ben shattered in the wake of terrifying sex attack from Lewis 