The so-called ‘Ghost of Kyiv’ quickly became a military hero for supposedly shooting down multiple Russian planes. Tales of the ace fighter pilot began just days into the war and circulated for months, bolstered by official accounts in Ukraine. But the authorities have now admitted the legendary pilot was simply a myth. ‘The Ghost of Kyiv is a super-hero legend whose character was created by Ukrainians!’ Ukraine’s air force announced on Facebook. The statement came after multiple media outlets published stories wrongly identifying Major Stepan Tarabalka as the man behind the moniker. Maj Tarabalka was a real pilot who died during air combat on March 13, and was posthumously awarded the title ‘Hero of Ukraine’. But he was not the Ghost of Kyiv. ‘The information about the death of The Ghost of Kyiv is incorrect,’ the air force wrote in a separate post on Twitter.  ‘The Ghost of Kyiv is alive, it embodies the collective spirit of the highly qualified pilots of the Tactical Aviation Brigade who are successfully defending Kyiv and the region.’ The legend emerged just a day after the Russian invasion on February 24. Claims were spread on social media, without evidence, of an anonymous fighter pilot single-handedly taking down several Russian planes. Memes, unrelated photos, and even footage from a flight simulator video game claimed to show him during combat. On February 25, former Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko tweeted a photo previously shared three years earlier, falsely claiming it showed the Ghost of Kyiv who had taken down six Russian pilots. Two days later, Ukraine’s official Twitter account shared the same picture, as well as footage set to pulsating music, with the caption: ‘People call him the Ghost of Kyiv. ‘And rightly so – this UAF ace dominates the skies over our capital and country, and has already become a nightmare for invading Russian aircrafts.’ That same day, Ukraine’s Security Service shared the same old photo on Telegram, but claimed he had shot down 10 planes. By the time news outlets falsely identified the pilot as Maj Tarabalka, the ghost’s supposed toll had increased to 40 planes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.