An eruption of violence between warring gangs in an Ecuadorian prison has left at least 44 dead. Fighting broke out after one inmate burst out of his cell to attack a rival in a facility 45 miles west of the capital city. The interior minister said gangs had managed to smuggle in knives, firearms, explosives and other weapons. Heavily armed police officers were sent into the Bellavista lockup in Santo Domingo to retake it from rioting prisoners. Authorities said 220 prisoners had escaped during the disorder, with around half of them still on the run. Interior minister Patricio Carrillo said: ‘It’s evident that those who lost their lives were executed by knives, most of the bodies had those characteristics.’ The South American nation has long-running problems with organised crime and parts of the country have been placed under a state of emergency. Cocaine produced in Peru and Colombia is smuggled through Ecuador on its journey to the US border, a lucrative markets for gangs. Mexico’s powerful drug cartels are thought to have a footprint in the country and use it a key transit route. Curfews and heavy policing have been imposed twice on problem areas since president Guillermo Lasso was elected just under a year ago. He has pledged to crack down on Ecuador’s drug trafficking industry, thought to be linked to more than two thirds of the country’s violent deaths. Last month, Mr Lasso said a state of emergency in three states would see ‘perimeter controls, special operations, and proactive investigation’. He order 9,000 troops and police officers into gang heartlands to break up trafficking rings and ‘impose peace and order’, warning ‘the streets will feel the weight of our public force’. The fresh outbreak of prison violence comes a little more than a month since 20 were killed during rioting at another jail. While Ecuador does not have the sort of extreme number of murders as some other Central and South American countries, it sees roughly six times as many homicides as England and Wales every year. Ecuador had the fastest rising murder on the continent in 2021 and its prison system is increasingly out of control. Amnesty International reported in March that at least 316 prisoners died in clashes in Ecuadorian prisons during 2020, including 119 who died during one riot in September of that year. A month after that report was published, a clash between prison gangs armed with guns and knives left 20 people dead in Turi, about 190 miles south of the capital. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.