Roma manager Jose Mourinho is reportedly interested in signing Manchester United right-back Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who has been linked with a move away from Old Trafford. It was recently reported that Crystal Palace were considering signing Wan-Bissaka on loan, just three years after they sold the defender to United for £50million. The 24-year-old has made 126 appearances for the Red Devils and has impressed in spells, although he has continually been overlooked for England with Gareth Southgate preferring the likes of Kyle Walker, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Reece James. However, this season has proven very difficult with interim manager Ralf Rangnick favouring Diogo Dalot at right-back ahead of the Englishman. Wan-Bissaka’s future at the club is now in question as he waits to find out if he features in incoming boss Erik ten Hag’s plans. Should he be forced to leave, he may find a new home in Italy, with The Sun reporting that Mourinho is keen to add another Premier League star to his Roma squad. The former United, Chelsea and Spurs boss has already signed Tammy Abraham from the Blues, Rui Patricio from Wolves and Ainsley Maitland-Niles on loan from Arsenal, in his first season in charge of the Serie A side. Roma’s team also contains former United players Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Chris Smalling, and given the way the latter, as well as Abraham, have rebuilt their careers at the club, a move to Italy may well appeal to Wan-Bissaka. Whether or not the defender will be shown the exit at Old Trafford is still unclear, as is his price tag, with two years still left to run on his United contract. Roma and Palace are not the only clubs interested in Wan-Bissaka’s services however, with Atletico Madrid also keen and in need of a new right-back following the sale of Kieran Trippier to Newcastle in January. MORE : Manchester United fail in bid to sign Dortmund-bound Karim Adeyemi despite £150,000-a-week offer MORE : ‘I don’t agree at all with him’ – Gabby Agbonlahor blasts Jesse Lingard’s brother over Manchester United criticism For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 