Deborah James admits she is ‘getting more and more sleepy’ after revealing she is receiving end-of-life care at her family’s home. The 40-year-old author and podcaster was was officially made a dame earlier this week for her inspirational campaigning urging others to keep a lookout for symptoms of bowel cancer following after she was diagnosed with the disease in 2016. In an emotional Instagram post, she said: ‘I don’t even know where to start with the overwhelming tears getting in the way. ‘I’m humbled and blown away that 5 years of talking about poo can lead to a Dame hood! I feel honoured and shocked that I even got considered.’ The mum-of-two has now raised over £4 million for Cancer Research through her record-breaking Bowelbabe Fund initiative, and she’s delighted with the way people have backed her campaign. She continued: ‘I can simply only give thanks for the wonderful people in the world and say the most heartfelt thank you for your unconditional support not just now but over the years.’ Deborah admitted she is ‘finding life a little harder’ but she’s taken the time to reflect on the ‘the impact’ she’s had over the past half a decade, and the way it could help more people in the future. She continued: ‘As I’m getting more and more sleepy and finding life a little harder, I’ve had – More time to think that I’ve never stopped to realise the impact that our podcasting, and talking, and campaigning has had over 5 years. ‘Small chats really can save lives, small conversations can create ripples far beyond where we might see them, and seeds might grow where we’re never see thier fruits. And there is something exciting and beautiful in that cycle of life. ‘With this money hopefully more people will have more time with thier loved ones. : who knows what plants we might grow, but when done with hope we pray that some blossom into game changers for our kids, and many more to come. (sic)’ Deborah co-presented You, Me & The Big C with Lauren Mahon and Rachael Bland in 2018. Rachael died in September that year at the age of 40, two years after being diagnosed with breast cancer. On Tuesday, she shared the devastating news that doctors are unable to prolong her life, and she is now under hospice care at home with the focus on her being as comfortable as possible. The BBC presenter is spending quality time with her husband Sebastien and their two children at her parents’ house, where she has chosen to die to spare her children the memory of her dying at their London home. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Deborah James’ Bowelbabe Fund raises more than £4,000,000 for cancer research as she’s praised for saving lives MORE : Lorraine Kelly finds it ‘really hard’ to think about Deborah James: ‘I always expected her to bounce back’ 