Nothing today, it seems, is off limits: online discourse invites us into safe spaces where we can be open about our sexuality, mental health, finances and all sorts of other topics that were once shrouded in secrecy or shame. We’re into healing trauma and normalising everything. But there is one taboo that remains: how truly brutal motherhood can feel for so many women. In the UK, the cost of childcare is pushing mothers out of their jobs. The Pregnant Then Screwed charity found that nearly a fifth of parents (mostly women) have been forced to leave work because of expensive childcare and that women carry out 60% more unpaid labour than men, including parenting. The gender pay gap stands just shy of 10%. Yet there is a fantasy of motherhood as an exclusive club in which we must enjoy every moment. If this isn’t your experience, you’re somehow ‘lesser’ or ‘unnatural’. With this in mind, is it any wonder that women can feel a sense of isolation and even simmering resentment, especially if it’s also deemed unacceptable to admit as much? Author Kate Maxwell’s debut novel, Hush, tells the story of Stevie, who has a baby on her own via a sperm donor and is unprepared for the realities of motherhood. ‘I wanted to explore some taboos I hadn’t seen covered in contemporary fiction,’ says Maxwell. ‘I was interested in the idea that someone has huge expectations for motherhood and thinks it’s the missing piece in their life but finds it far more challenging than anticipated, and it has an immense impact on their identity.’ Hush dishes out brutal honesty around motherhood and is by turns shocking and tender. ‘There are lots of ways people respond to becoming a mother,’ says Maxwell. ‘There is enormous pressure to feel that the first few months are the happiest time of your life. There’s this idea that you become your true self when you have children. Women are expected to transition seamlessly into motherhood but they can experience a sense of loss too — of freedom, independence and, when they’re on maternity leave, the fulfilment and approbation they get from work.’ Recently, reactions to the film The Lost Daughter, adapted from the novel by Elena Ferrante, in which a mother prioritises her career over her children, highlighted the contempt there is for maternal ambivalence. Indeed, there is very little scope for accepting that more women than society would like to believe feel conflicted, confused and angry about the realities of motherhood. One mother described the motherhood ‘club’ as having an omertà around it, another as ‘rose-tinted to the point of delusional’. Beth, 34, a Buckinghamshire-based TV producer and mother to an 18-month-old boy has struggled to balance the demands of her career. ‘I miss the old me and my old life,’ she says, ‘but admitting that would invariably be interpreted as me not loving my son.’ Then there’s the question of sensitivity. ‘I feel I can’t be honest about how hard it is [to be a parent] because both my sister and one of my closest friends are struggling to conceive,’ she says. ‘I would hate to be insensitive and I know I’d be perceived as ungrateful.’ Maxwell points out: ‘The idea that you might not love your baby the moment you clap eyes on it — which is what happens to my character Stevie — is hugely stigmatised. I think that’s because the ability to love and care for a child is supposed to be an innate quality. When women find it difficult to bond, they can feel guilty and ashamed.’ ‘Few mothers are willing to express openly how difficult mothering is,’ says psychotherapist Caron Barruw, adding that it’s a different story in therapy sessions. ‘I see mothers who struggle and are able to start to express themselves. Often they question the changes to their lives, the exhausting responsibility and the love-hate relationship of being a mother. Social media has made the feelings of inadequacy worse.’ Jessica Chivers, author of Mothers Work! and host of podcast Comeback Coach agrees, and encourages mothers to be mindful of the accounts they follow. She also has good advice for mothers returning to work. ‘I encourage mothers to stop taking automatic ownership for family life when they go back after maternity leave,’ she says. ‘A great question to put to partners is: “Now that we’re about to be a dual-earning family, how are we going to share the load at home?”’ The tide does seem to be turning, albeit slowly and cautiously. Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, recently admitted how overwhelming being a working mother is, while the Duchess of Cambridge has also confessed to finding it tough, which goes to show that, even for the privileged, motherhood can cause many feelings, including guilt and loss. ‘It only takes one woman in the spotlight to say, “I’m not enjoying this” and it paves the way for others to join in,’ says Chivers, adding that she has strived to be open about her own experiences. ‘I literally skipped away from the childminders like a six-year-old when I first dropped my son there. It was the sheer relief and joy of being free.’ Barruw concludes: ‘It is only when women start opening up without fear and guilt of being shamed that the truth about motherhood will have a voice — the balance of a beautiful opportunity combined with the pain of the chain of life’. Hush by Kate Maxwell (Little Brown) is out on May 12 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mums share the most unexpected joys and horrors of motherhood MORE : What mums want you to know about maternal mental health – and how they need you to help MORE : ‘I was scared of my baby’: Why connection is so vital when it comes to maternal mental health