A year-long investigation has found black, Asian and mixed ethnicity women experience systemic racism in UK maternity care. Evidence of a lack of physical and psychological safety, and experiences of being ignored and disbelieved and dehumanisation have been discovered. Coercion and a lack of choice and consent were also written about in the damning report from a charity named Birthrights. An inquiry panel heard from over 300 people who had lived with and had professional experience of racial injustice in maternity care. One woman claimed medics did not recognise jaundice in her baby as the little boy was black. ‘At the hospital the doctor admitted the reading was very high but insisted from the look of him there is nothing to suggest he was severely jaundiced, just a “slight” yellowing of his eyes’, she said. ‘They did another reading and sent his bloods off, it was even higher than the last. My baby was immediately hospitalised for several weeks.’ Another interviewee said a case of sepsis was dismissed during birth, while a third alleged a life-threatening blood clot was overlooked postnatally. Inquiry chair Shaheen Rahman QC said the investigation was spurred on by the knowledge that black women in the UK are four times more likely to die in pregnancy and childbirth than white women. Meanwhile, Asian and mixed-race women are twice as likely to die. ‘There is nothing “wrong” with black or brown bodies that can explain away the disparities in maternal mortality rates, outcomes and experiences’, Ms Rahman said. ‘What is required now is a determined focus on individualised, rights-respecting care.’ The Department of Health and Social Care established a taskforce to address racial inequalities in maternity care in February. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said the Maternity Disparities Taskforce would ‘level up maternity care for all women’. They added: ’It will address factors linked to unacceptable disparities in quality of care, experiences and outcomes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.