The president of Ukraine said Vladimir Putin is ‘doomed’ in a speech insisting his country would triumph ‘sooner or later’. Volodymyr Zelensky released a video this morning to coincide with the Russian leader’s speech to mark Victory Day – a national holiday in Russia marking the Soviet Union’s defeat of Nazi Germany in World War Two. In the footage, the president said: ‘On the Day of Victory over Nazism, we are fighting for a new victory. ‘The road to it is difficult, but we have no doubt that we will win. What is our advantage over the enemy? We are smarter by one book. ‘This is a textbook on the history of Ukraine. We would not know grief if all our enemies could read and draw the right conclusions.’ Mr Zelensky wrapped in the significance of World War Two into his powerful speech criticising the actions of Russia. ‘We have never fought against anyone,’ he added. ‘We always fight for ourselves. For our freedom. For our independence. ‘So that the victory of our ancestors was not in vain. They fought for freedom for us and won. ‘We are fighting for freedom for our children, and therefore we will win. ‘We will never forget what our ancestors did in World War II, where more than eight million Ukrainians died, and every fifth Ukrainian didn’t return home.’ Mr Zelensky then condemned the Russian president in all but name. ‘Only a madman can wish to repeat the 2,194 days of war,’ he said, referencing World War Two. ‘The one who is repeating the horrific crimes of Hitler’s regime today, following Nazi philosophy, copying everything they did. He is doomed. ‘Because he was cursed by millions of ancestors, when he began to imitate their killer. And therefore he will lose everything. ‘Very soon there will be two Victory Days in Ukraine. And someone will not have even one left. ‘We won then. We will win now, too! And Khreshchatyk will see the parade of victory – the victory of Ukraine. ‘Congratulations on the Victory Day over Nazism. Glory to Ukraine!’ In his Victory Day speech today, Putin chalked up Nato as the aggressor of the war with Ukraine, claiming the Kremlin was pushed into the invasion. He said: ‘Nato is actively pursuing our territory. That is absolutely unacceptable to us. ‘We are talking about neo-Nazi’s in Ukraine that the US and its partners are working with. ‘Ukraine is receiving the most modern weaponry from Nato. The decision for this special military operation was forced and was the only correct decision.’ Yesterday, to mark Victory in Europe Day, Mr Zelensky said ‘evil has been reborn’ but in a different guise. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.