Kim Kardashian’s life was threatened by a stalker, who also claimed they would kill Pete Davidson, court documents have revealed. The 41-year-old reportedly filed for a restraining order last week, against a man who sent ‘multiple death threats’, and sent bomb warnings to her office. In a new filing from her lawyer, Shawn Holley, obtained by the Blast, it was claimed that the obsessive fan sent her more than 30 letters including several threats towards the couple, as well as the reality star’s family. ‘In these letters, (he) made numerous violent threats against Ms Kardashian. In addition, he made numerous sexual comments regarding Ms Kardashian and her partners. He further threatened that he would take actions that would cause Ms Kardashian and her family to be imprisoned,’ it read. ‘He threatened Ms Kardashian’s family, referencing Ms. Kardashian’s children.’ Kim was reportedly warned that she was on this person’s ‘hit list’, and told: ‘If I ever see you in New York or your boyfriend in Los Angeles I will carry it out that day. ‘Pete must and will die this weekend and you next weekend.’ The Kardashians star filed a restraining order against the unnamed man in the Los Angeles County Courts, requesting for him to keep a distance from her and her family. Kim offered a declaration in her request, explaining that she has no idea how he obtained her address. ‘In multiple letters, he has threatened to kill me. He has made numerous false and delusional claims about me and my intimate relationships. He has also made disturbing sexual references about me in his letters,’ it read, via the Blast. ‘On April 25, 2022, a written bomb threat was made to my business office. I am informed that my private security analyzed the written bomb threat and found a number of similarities between the threat and prior letters.’ She added that she has suffered ‘severe emotional distress’ and fears for the safety of herself and those closest to her, concluding that he will escalate his threats – even with a restraining order in place – and will attempt to physically harm or kill her. Kim has reportedly been granted a temporary restraining order has been put in place, and the man is not able to contact the Skims businesswoman or come within 100 yards of her or her home. There is also a hearing slated for June, in which a long-term restraining order will be discussed. Metro.co.uk has contacted Kim Kardashian’s rep and lawyer for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amal Clooney and Bridgerton’s Phoebe Dynover lead celebrities on red carpet at Prince’s Trust Awards 2022 MORE : Keanu Reeves’ Matrix co-star Carrie-Anne Moss writes glowing tribute as he makes 2022’s Time 100 Most Influential People list: ‘He gives others hope’ 