Travis Barker has shown off his rather stylish Calabasas mansion where he gets cosy with new wife Kourtney Kardashian and their brood and we have to say, Mr Barker, we’re impressed. The Blink 182 drummer – who married the Kardashians reality star last week in a ceremony fit for a rocker – opened the doors to his sprawling Californian palace, which boasts a massive kitchen with two separate islands for preparing food, a dining table that fits everyone for Sunday night family meals, an outdoor entertaining area we want in on and…a matcha station? Showing a camera crew around his pile, Travis and Kourtney were seen looking all kinds of domestic this week. Like, they were wearing matching pyjamas for the photoshoot. It doesn’t get much more adorable than that. Keeping things in the family, Travis explained it was Kourt’s mum Kris Jenner who inspired him to enlist the help of Waldo Fernandez to transform the home he’s owned for 15 years – which he shares with his three children, Atiana De La Hoya, 23, and Landon, 18, and Alabama Barker, 16 –  into the ‘zen’ oasis we’ve been blessed to have been granted a peek inside of. Enough space for a football team to reside (nearly), the home boasts a spacious kitchen with ample storage (for the London renter, this is a premium feature, no doubt), and multiple ovens, while cosy fireplaces await in the living room which looks out on manicured lawns and a massive pool. We’re also talking a home theatre, with 100 speakers built into the walls, tuned professionally, where Travis Kicks back for UFC fights, and a bar area with champagne glasses gifted to him and Kourtney when they got engaged last year. The walls and furniture are more muted, in beiges and greys, but the musician’s hefty collection of artwork packs a colourful punch in that arena. Showing off his softer side, Travis also has photographs framed around the house, including of the moment he proposed to Kourtney, as well as sweet shots alongside his children. And…a candle which is labelled as ‘This smells like Kourtney’s orgasm’. He told Architectural Digest: ‘I’ve had homes with lots of flashy cars, murals, and bikes hanging from the ceiling. But with three children of my own, plus Kourtney’s kids, this place felt right for this moment in my life. I wanted a house where I can rest and enjoy my family, a place where we can create memories.’ That zen can come at a price though, naturally, with the home kitted out with two Bogarde x Dior BMX bikes that cost $25,000 (£20K) apiece, as well as an $18,000 (£14K) cement ping pong table. Let’s also not go past the ‘Andy Warhol diamond-dust Dracula, installed above a 19th-century Chinese console’, which has pride of place in the foyer. Hey, if you’re got the means, right? In a video that went on the magazine’s YouTube, the newlyweds were seen hanging out in the kitchen, with Kourtney sipping from a cup while perched on the swanky kitchen island, decked out in a stylish monochrome colour scheme. Taking us on a tour of the outside, Travis mused about the pool, which his children learned to swim in, which is set just off a sprawling outdoor area with several spots to relax, and a luxurious fireplace for the colder Calabasas evenings, before showing off his car collection. Travis also revealed he was in the process of converting his home studio into a bunk room for Kourtney’s kids, Mason, 12, Penelope, nine, and Reign Disick, seven, but said at some stage they’ll all come together in a new house. He said: ‘Kourtney has a great house a block away from here. Right now I’m just planning to convert my home studio into a bunk room so her kids are comfortable here. In the future, I suppose we’ll wait to find something better than what we have. Wherever we end up, we feel incredibly blessed and grateful.’ MORE : Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker ‘to marry in Italian castle’ this weekend after low-key wedding MORE : Like Kourtney and Travis, my family didn’t come to my wedding – it doesn’t mean we’re not close Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.