The Queen, Prince William and Kate Middleton have sent their birthday wishes to Archie as he turns three today. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle’s first-born son is celebrating his big day at his family home in California as his relatives across the pond send their best. A photo of the Queen and the late Prince Philip meeting a newborn Archie was shared on the Royal Family’s official Twitter account to mark the occasion. It included a message, saying: ‘Wishing Archie Mountbatten-Windsor a very happy 3rd Birthday!’ Meanwhile, William and Kate shared a family photo taken at Archie’s christening, including Prince Charles, Camilla and two of the late Princess Diana’s sisters. The Cambridge’s message said: ‘Wishing Archie a very happy 3rd Birthday today’. Posting a message on the Clarence House witter account, Prince Charles posted the same picture of his grandson as a newborn with the message: ‘Happy Birthday Archie!’ None of the seventh in line to the throne’s relatives from the palace have seen him since his parents took the decision to step down as senior royals. The Sussexes made the shock announcement around the start of 2020, and moved to Canada for a brief period before settling down permanently in Montecito, Santa Barbra. The Queen has still not had the chance to meet her great-granddaughter Lilibet, who was born in the US in June last year. Archie is not a prince and doesn’t have a royal title, and is addressed as Master Archie Mountbatten-Windsor. One day, he will inherit his father’s title The Duke of Sussex, Earl of Dumbarton and Baron Kilkeel. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex made a secret trip to the UK in April to meet the Queen before attending the Invictus Games in The Hague. But Harry may not bring his children to his home country anytime soon, as he remains locked in a court battle with the Home Office over its refusal to provide police protection. He has offered to pay for it with his own money, claiming ‘it is too dangerous’ for them to come to Britain without state security. Harry is arguing his private protection team in the US does not have adequate jurisdiction abroad or access to UK intelligence information needed to keep his family safe. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 