A woman with a rare disorder meaning her skin grew too fast for her body has died aged 32. Hannah Betts was described as an ‘inspiration’ with her positive attitude to the ultra-rare condition that she lived with from birth. She died in hospital from cancer on May 18 after being diagnosed last year. Hannah, from Great Yarmouth in Norfolk, was born with Harlequin ichthyosis which causes the body to make too much skin. Despite her condition, she ‘never stopped smiling’ and loved to sing and dance. Her sister Lucy Betts, 35, who has the same condition, said: ‘I still don’t think I can believe she’s gone ‘Sometimes I want to see her so badly that I feel I can’t breathe. ‘It’s a very big rollercoaster of emotions. It’s really hard.’ Harlequin ichthyosis is an incurable genetic condition that results in thickened skin over the entire body. It affects around one in 300,000 people. Lucy said that she and Hannah had to carry out strict daily routines to stop their skin from cracking. This included morning baths to soak in before rubbing off an excess layer of skin, as well as moisturising throughout the day. Lucy said: ‘Having the same condition made our bond so strong. ‘We went through a lot together that we couldn’t explain to anyone else. I knew exactly how she felt. ‘She stayed with me for the last couple of years. My whole life revolved around her. ‘We were so lucky to have her in our lives. She made everything so much better. ‘She made me laugh like no one else could. She loved everything pink and sparkly. ‘I’ll always remember her smile. She was so loving – she loved with her whole being. ‘She was so honest. If you wanted to know if your bum looked big in something we would ask Hannah. ‘If we were out and someone made comments about us then Hannah would tell them in no uncertain terms to go away.’ Hannah, who also had cerebral palsy, lived in a bungalow at a supported accommodation facility. She was diagnosed with T-cell lymphoma in February 2021 and underwent chemotherapy and immunotherapy. In February, she was admitted to James Paget Hospital in Great Yarmouth with Covid. She recovered but sadly passed away from cancer last week. Hannah’s parents Jan and Clive Betts paid tribute to their daughter as a ‘inspirational’ woman. Jan, 71, said: ‘She will be so sadly missed by so many people. ‘She was such an inspiration to so many people. She never stopped smiling. ‘Music was Hannah’s biggest passion. She loved singing and dancing.’ Clive, 66, added: ‘She was a very inspirational girl. She had the best smile ever. ‘She fought bravely and unfortunately her little body just couldn’t take it anymore. ‘As her father I’m so proud of her.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.