Heart Radio star Yasmin Evans has shared the first photo of herself on crutches after she suffered a brutal assault by four men whose advances she rejected. After the presenter returned to work, she hosted the Bafta premiere of Baz Luhrmann’s Elvis. Sharing a snap in the mirror, she looked stunning in an all-white look, leaning on her crutch for support. Yasmin wrote on her Instagram Stories: ‘Hey loves, I thought about taking some time off the next few days and maybe I will at some point but tonight I hosted a premiere with a beautiful cast & crew including Tom Hanks, Baz Lurhmann (fan girl), Austin Butler and Olivia DeJonge, it was such a great conversation, even Tom Hanks took the time to big me up.’ The presenter added: ‘Crutch and I are taking ourselves to bed but before I do I just want to say I am so incredibly blown away and emotional about your support. ‘A million thank yous aren’t enough. I’m hoping some updates follow and in the meantime your words & love mean a lot.’ Yasmin recently returned to work after being the victim of a shocking assault. It happened on Friday night as the 31-year-old was walking towards Liverpool Street station in London to get a train home with a friend. Yasmin, a former BBC Radio 1Xtra DJ, revealed how one man grabbed her arm before arguing and proceeded to ‘punch [her] in the face’. She was reportedly hit with such force that it ‘knocked me out cold twice along with the person I was with’. Sharing the harrowing ordeal in her Instagram stories, the presenter wrote: ‘Three black guys and a guy who was mixed race all punched and kicked me while I was on the ground. ‘Knocked me out twice whilst saying “just because you’re a women [sic] doesn’t mean I won’t f**k you up”.’ She added: ‘I’ve called the police but if anyone was on Liverpool Street and saw anything please contact me… Like I said one mixed race guy, three black guys one of them with short dreads tied back in a bobble that were dipped dyed blonde. I would appreciate your help at around 1:00am in London.’ After being bombarded with support, Yasmin later told her followers: ‘Still quite shocked but we are okay, injuries may take a little healing but we are good, a crutch is a great accessory at the moment. ‘I would really like to figure this out in some way, the Police have been very supportive. ‘But firstly I just need to process what happened. I am supported and not alone, decided to continue with a little bit of my day today and I appreciate you uplifting me. This is all really quite s**t isn’t it?’ In another update, Yasmin revealed two witnesses have since reached out to her after seeing the brutal attack. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Heart Radio presenter Yasmin Evans ‘hobbles’ back to work after being ‘punched and knocked out’ in brutal assault by four men whose advances she rejected 