Katrina and the Waves singer Katrina Leskanich has thrown her support behind Sam Ryder but she doesn’t think he’ll win this year’s Eurovision Song Contest. The Walking On Sunshine hitmakers won the 1997 competition – the last time the UK triumphed – with their hit Love Shine A Light, so the 62-year-old star knows a thing or to about what it takes to race to victory. Sam’s hoping to become the first UK winner in 25 years with his track Space Man and while Katrina loves the tune, she has explained exactly why she isn’t backing him to top the results board. ‘No, he can’t win. He won’t win. The Ukraine is going to win. It’s political – but it can be a heartfelt political moment. We need to give it to the Ukraine, come on,’ she said on Friday’s episode of This Morning. ‘[But] I mean the song sounds great, he looks fabulous. What more do you need?’ She’s noticed the groundswell of support for the TikTok star, and she thinks she’s figured out why he’s proving so popular as one of the favourites ahead of Saturday’s grand final. She quipped: ‘People are feeling the love for Sam. You know why? Because he looks like a viking!’ If Sam does somehow go the distance and not only avoid the dreaded nil points but win the whole thing, Katrina admitted his life will change forever as she reflected on her own experience. ‘Winning Eurovision does change your life forever. We came out of doing lots of grungy clubs and pubs, and it’s more like a snazzy thing,’ she said. ‘You’ve gotta get yourself a nice pair of boots, we’ve got to switch out the outfit.’ Katrina also revealed she hadn’t actually watched Eurovision before she took part in the contest, and BBC bosses told her to sit in a room for a weekend researching videos of its history. She recalled: ‘I’d never seen the competition before we did it. The BBC came to me with a stack of video tapes and they said, “This is what you’re doing this weekend. You’re gonna get your head around the Eurovision Song Contest.” ‘ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Eurovision kicks off on Saturday, May 14 at 8pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2022: When is the final, where is it being held, and how can you watch in the UK? MORE : Eurovision 2022 running order confirmed and UK star Sam Ryder has reason to celebrate 