Kate Moss denied that Johnny Depp pushed her down the stairs as she testified in his defamation trial. The supermodel appeared via videolink on day 22 of the 58-year-old’s defamation trial against Amber Heard – which is being held at the Fairfax County Courthouse. During the brief testimony, she was questioned by her ex’s lawyer, Ben Chew, about their four-year relationship. Discussing rumors the Pirates of the Caribbean actor pushed her down the stairs during a holiday in Jamaica, she clarified that this was not true. ‘We were leaving the room and Johnny left the room before I did, and there had been a rainstorm,’ she told the court from Gloucestershire. ‘As I left the room, I slid down the stairs and I hurt my back. ‘I screamed because I didn’t know what had happened to me and I was in pain. ‘He came running back to help me, and carried me to my room, and got me medical attention.’ Chew asked again whether Depp had ever ‘pushed her down the stairs’ throughout the course of their relationship. Moss added: ‘No, he never pushed me, kicked me or pushed me down any stairs.’ The former couple met in 1994 while in New York and embarked on a lengthy relationship before going their separate ways in 1998. The fashion icon has never alleged that she was abused by her ex during their lengthy romance, but has said that she cried for ‘years’ after their split. ‘There’s nobody that’s ever really been able to take care of me,’ she told Vanity Fair in a 2012 interview. ‘Johnny did for a bit. I believed what he said. Like if I said, “What do I do?”, he’d tell me. And that’s what I missed when I left. I really lost that gauge of somebody I could trust.’ Depp is currently suing ex-wife Heard and seeking $50million in damages over a 2018 op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post, in which she discussed her experiences of domestic abuse. While he was not named in the article, his team has argued that it implies he was sexually and physically abusive during their romance – something he has denied. Heard is countersuing for $100million, claiming that he libeled her by calling her  a liar. The trial began in April and has since seen the former couple both take to the stand. Moss was confirmed to be testifying after the Aquaman actress mentioned her name in her testimony earlier this month – a move which made his team apparently celebrate. While on the stand, Heard recalled a moment Depp allegedly swung at her sister Whitney, who was near a staircase ‘in the line of fire … trying to get Johnny to stop’ amid the argument. She then said it ‘reminded’ her of an alleged incident between Moss and Depp. Heard told the court that she threw a can of Red Bull towards the actor, which struck him in the back, before he became enraged and followed her up a staircase, alleging that her sister intervened to try and get between the pair. ‘[Whitney’s] back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her,’ she continued. ‘I don’t hesitate, I don’t wait – I just, in my head, instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs.’ Heard said that she ‘swung at him’, adding: ‘In all of my relationship to date with Johnny, I hadn’t landed a blow. And I, for the first time, hit him — like, actually hit him. Square in the face. ‘He didn’t push my sister down the stairs.’ The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pistol on Disney Plus: Release date, trailer and everything we know about the TV series MORE : Tom Cruise reveals how the amazing flight stunts in Top Gun: Maverick were shot 