Travel madness is in store for Londoners once again as 4,000 tube workers go on strike after the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee weekend – with transport bosses admitting there is still a chance of delays impacting the celebration itself. Warnings of severe disruption all day on June 6 to 8am on June 7 have been issued amid a dispute with station staff over pensions, jobs and conditions. Many Underground stations – especially central ones – will be completely closed and commuters have been told to stay home to avoid a nightmare return to reality after the long break. RMT, a trade union covering the transport sector, previously accused Transport for London of threatening 600 job losses on the network. ‘TfL is trying to bulldoze through 600 job losses on London Underground and our members are not prepared to accept that’, General Secretary Mick Lynch said. ‘Station staff play a crucial role in serving the travelling public and were heroes during the 7/7 terrorist attacks. ‘Instead of seeking to cut jobs, TfL and Mayor Sadiq Khan need to put further pressure on the government to secure increased funding for the network so we can have a properly staffed modern 21st-century tube.’ But TfL has blasted RMT’s ‘frustrating strike action’, claiming it is ‘threatening London’s recovery from the pandemic’. Andy Lord, TfL’s Chief Operating Officer, said: ’On Monday 6 June we advise anyone who needs to use the Tube to consider whether they are able to work from home and only travel if necessary on this day. We are expecting severe disruption which will continue into the morning of Tuesday 7 June too. ‘I apologise to customers for this and understand they will be frustrated by this strike action but urge them not to take it out on those who are trying to help. ‘We haven’t proposed any changes to pensions, and nobody has or will lose their jobs because of the proposals we have set out. ‘We know our customers deserve better than this and that is why we’re urging the RMT to call off this action and work with us to find a resolution to this dispute, which is threatening London’s recovery from the pandemic.’ The strike will come as thousands of tourists leave the capital following the four-day celebration for the Queen’s 70 years on the thone. Events initially looked under threat when staff in the RMT Union announced they would walk out of Euston and Green Park stations on June 3 after allegedly ‘suffering years of bullying from a manager’. This action was suspended following ‘significant progress’ in talks with London Underground. But royal family fans and others have still been warned that trips may still be impacted from Friday 3 June until Sunday 10 July. Station staff may not work overtime or rest days after the RMT planned action short of strike. All stations will remain open, but customers should check before they travel and listen for announcements in case of last-minute changes. If no immediate improvements are seen and the review does not lead to a just settlement, strike action for a different day will be called, RMT has cautioned. Mr Lord added: ‘We are doing our utmost to make the Platinum Jubilee weekend one to remember and I can assure our customers we are working hard to minimise the impact of the RMT’s frustrating strike action.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.