A mum is refusing to move from her hostel because she fears for her twin toddlers’ future. Bethan Blunt, 26, was offered a home she bid on in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan, but said she didn’t want to live there because of crime in the neighbourhood. She moved into the council’s Ty Iolo hostel with three-year-old sons Brody and Blake in March was put onto the highest priority waiting list for a two-bedroom home. Bethan put bids in for 10 homes and was offered just one – a house in Dunlin Court, Castleland – which she rejected. She said: ‘It was just the area. I’m not expecting a mansion. I would just like to be in a place which is not so drug-related and with less antisocial behaviour and violence. ‘I have family friends who live round Barry and know the area and they’ve told me it’s not a very nice place to be raising two little ones. People say they can’t even leave their vans outside in that area without people nicking stuff. Bethan described the home as ‘very eerie and dark’, adding: ‘It looked like lots of work needed to be done. ‘There were concrete floors in the bedrooms and living room. And there were piles of mail all over the floor so it looked like no-one wanted the property and the council couldn’t get anyone in there.’ She wants to stay in Barry where her sons have settled into a playgroup but says she won’t be able to afford private rent for the area. However, she claimed that when she rejected the Castleland offer, she was told she would have to leave the hostel by June 13 and would go to the bottom of the priority list. She said: ‘I was very worried. If I was evicted I would have to go back to my mum’s but it’s too crowded. We were supposed to be prioritised. ‘It’s definitely stressful and my boys have already seen me in stages of depression because I suffer from mental health. I just want a place where I can be happy with my children. ‘When I was living in Sully I couldn’t afford the childcare but now I’m in Barry we’re in the catchment area for Red Robin playgroup. ‘In lockdown the boys hadn’t really been socialising with other children and it’s definitely helped them. I don’t want to move from area to area. I want to be settled in one place.’ A Vale of Glamorgan Council spokesman said: ‘Having been made homeless Ms Blunt accepted accommodation at Ty Iolo, the council’s family hostel in March. ‘Ms Blunt is registered with Homes4U, the council’s choice-based lettings scheme, and regularly bids on properties which are allocated based on priority of needs and in accordance with the lettings policy. ‘Ms Blunt recently chose to bid on a property which she was successful in securing before deciding she no longer wanted to live there. In these circumstances the best course of action, and the one advised by Shelter Cymru, would be to move into the property offered before submitting a review of its suitability should she deem that appropriate. ‘Refusing the offer of a suitable property, one that would address her family’s homelessness, at this stage would result in her being asked to vacate the hostel.’ They added that there is an acute shortage of rental properties in the area.