Boris Becker’s daughter Anna Ermakova has been photographed with her mother in their first sighting since her father was given a two and half year jail sentence. Becker, the German former world number one tennis player, is serving time behind bars and faces deportation following a jail sentence for hiding £2.5million worth of assets and loans to avoid paying his debts. Ermakova and her Russian model mother Angela headed on a shopping spree in Kings Road and Sloane Street recently, after Becker began his sentence last Friday. The pair visited a Lloyd Bank branch in Kings Road, where they spent nearly an hour and left after closing time, with the 22-year-old wearing a big smile on her face. They then headed to the nearest Pret A Manger to buy some lunch before enjoying some retail therapy at large department store Peter Jones & Partners, carrying on the rest of their shopping trip in Sloane Street, visiting the Gucci store. Becker’s daughter cut a casual figure in a pair of navy tracksuit bottoms and pink crop top, while her mother donned a blue coat and trainers, with the pair consistently seen in deep conversation. Ermakova rounded off her shopping trip at Harvey Nichols department store, continuing to go about her life despite her dad’s legal woes. The youngster recently thanked members of the public for their support after her ex-Wimbledon Tennis champion father, 54, was jailed. Keeping it short and sweet, she shared an image of a calm sea and clear blue sky on Instagram. ‘Thank you for all the support,’ she wrote alongside the picture. Becker was convicted of four charges of insolvency relating to his bankruptcy in 2017. He was declared bankrupt on June 21 2017, owing creditors almost £50m, over an unpaid loan of more than £3m on his estate in Mallorca, Spain. Judge Deborah Taylor said he had shown no remorse or acceptance of guilt following his conviction. Referring to his previous bankruptcy conviction, the judge said: ‘You did not heed the warning you were given and the chance you were given by the suspended sentence and that is a significant aggravating factor.’ She told Becker she had taken into account his ‘fall from grace’. ‘You have lost your career and reputation and all of your property as a result of your bankruptcy,’ the judge said. Most recently, Becker’s girlfriend and political risk analyst Lillian de Carvalho, who supported her partner throughout his trial last month, visited him inside. She was pictured arriving at Wandsworth Prison on Friday, May 6, and it has been reported that she’s been dating Becker for three years. Becker was married twice before, previously dating model Yoana Montero before starting his current relationship. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Rock and Dave Chappelle speak out on onstage assaults during secret stand-up show MORE : Kerry Katona shares hilarious card from daughter after breast reduction surgery 