Kendall Jenner and her boyfriend Devin Booker were spotted on a cosy lunch date on Saturday in Portofino, ahead of Kourtney Kardashian’s Italian wedding to Travis Barker. The couple, who joined the extended Kardashian-Jenner clan on Friday night for dinner in the Italian Riviera fishing village, opted to ditch the previous dark dress code for matching beige looks. Model Kendall, 26, opted for a matching floral-patterned form-fitting midi skirt and jacket, which she wore with one button done up. The reality star, whose recent struggle to cut cucumber on an episode of The Kardashians raised eyebrows, accessorised her outfit with small shades, a red lip and gold pendant necklace, while carrying a small tote bag by The Row. Professional basketball player Devin, 25, wore a neutral short-sleeved shirt over a white T-shirt, sharply pressed beige trousers and white sandals, as he walked next to his girlfriend of nearly two years. At one point the pair put their heads close together as the chatted while making their way across the cobblestones of the village, as they headed to lunch at the Abbey of San Fruttuoso. Their outing came a day ahead of the expected third wedding event between Kendall’s sister Kourtney and her Blink-182 beau Travis, after the couple formally tied the knot at a Santa Barbara courthouse last weekend. This followed on from their ‘practice’ Las Vegas ceremony in April after the Grammys, which was not legally binding as the pair did not have a marriage license at that time. Known for their matching gothic-inspired looks, the loved-up couple were snapped on Saturday in co-ordinating black, with Travis in a black floor-length robed outfit and chunky boots while his bride went for a black mini-dress emblazoned with an image of the Virgin Mary on the front, elbow-length gloves and a striking black veil with blue lace trim. Kravis, as they have become known, are said to be having their formal wedding at the ancient Castello Brown fortress on Sunday, according to reports from MailOnline. The venue, which is usually open to the public, has been closed from May 18-25 as preparations get under way, with visitors usually being allowed into the grounds free of charge during this period. However, the grounds are also off-limits on Sunday, leading to the conclusion that the wedding is likely to be taking place at that time, while staff have reportedly also been sworn to secrecy and made to sign legal agreements forbidding them to disclose any wedding details. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian ‘files for restraining order’ after man sends ‘bomb and death threats’ in letters MORE : Pete Davidson ‘set to exit Saturday Night Live’ along with co-stars including Kate McKinnon 