The number of mass shootings in America has surpassed 200, new figures show. Yesterday’s massacre at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, claimed the lives of 19 children and two adults. It came just 10 days after a mass shooting in Buffalo, New York made national headlines. The scale of devastation caused by guns in America has now been laid bare in published figures from the Gun Violence Archive (GVA). The nonprofit research group tracks gun-related incidents and their characteristics in the United States. So far in 2022, there have been 212 mass shootings. The GVA defines a mass shooting as an incident in which four or more people were shot or killed, excluding the shooter. According to the GVA, of this year’s 212 mass shootings, 27 took place in schools. Following the attack, President Joe Biden said he was ‘sick and tired’ of gun violence in America. He said: ‘I hoped when I became president I wouldn’t have to do this again.’ ‘To lose a child is like having a bit of your soul ripped away.’ The gunman, Salvador Ramos, reportedly bought the gun used in the attack for his 18th birthday. Details of his victims are still emerging following the devastation. One of them was fourth-grade teacher Eva Mireles, who was the first named victim. Her police officer husband, Ruben Ruiz, had held an active shooter drill at Uvalde High School just two months ago. The tragic deaths have led to renewed and desperate calls for a drastic change in gun policy. Mr Biden added: ‘The idea that an 18-year-old kid can buy assault weapons is wrong. ‘As a nation, we have to ask, when in God’s name are we going to do what we all know in our gut needs to be done.’ Law enforcement officials first responded to reports of an active shooter report on Tuesday afternoon. Ramos, reportedly a student or former student at Uvalde High School, was killed following his attack. He had told a woman on Instagram: ‘I got lil secret I wanna tell you’ just hours before launching his rampage at around 11.30am local time. Texas Governor Greg Abbott said in a briefing: ‘He shot and killed horrifically and incomprehensibly.’ Mr Abbott told CNN the gunman had driven to the school and left his car in a ditch. He added: ‘That’s when he attempted to enter the school, where he was engaged by law enforcement. ‘And unfortunately he was able to enter the premises. And then from there, that’s when he entered several classrooms and started shooting.’ An elite Border Patrol agent was nearby when the shooting began and rushed into the school without waiting for backup and shot Ramos dead as he hid behind a barricade. He was injured but is expected to recover. Children slowly began emerging from the school under police escort an hour after the shooting, as family members rushed to scene desperate for news. The Robb Elementary shooting is also the third deadliest shooting overall in America in the last decade. It sits below the Sandy Hook massacre, in which 28 people were killed in a Connecticut primary school, and the Parkland tragedy, where Nicolos Cruz killed 17 in Florida. Connecticut senator Chris Murphy, who came to Congress representing Sandy Hook, today begged his colleagues to enact gun reform. ‘What are we doing?’, he asked.’ ‘Just days after a shooter walked into a grocery store to gun down African American patrons, we have another Sandy Hook on our hands. What are we doing?’ ‘As the kids run for their lives, we doing nothing. What are we doing? Why are you here if not to solve a problem as existential as this? ‘This isn’t inevitable. These kids weren’t unlucky. This only happens in this country and nowhere else.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.