This Sunday is perfect for taking the advice of the stars and utilising every opportunity. Make the most of those big encounters, Gemini. Use every lesson you learn, Pisces. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 29, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Get ready for a sizzling few days, as a dynamic Mars/Jupiter hook up can find you bursting with energy, and ready to tackle the most demanding or challenging tasks. Whether they are physical or mental, you won’t think anything of diving in and having a go. Your thoughts will be on bold opportunities and actions that will propel you forwards into a new and exciting future, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 With Jupiter in your spiritual zone you’re being looked after, no matter what issues or challenges appear. As this upbeat planet will be here for some months, a deeper wisdom might show up in dreams and via your instincts, guiding you to make the best of life. With Mars on the field too, an intuitive nudge can be a big incentive to proceed in a new direction, Taurus. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may feel certain you could achieve almost anything, and you likely can if you invite others on board. Those who are on your wavelength and share your passion for hobbies, interests and ideas, will be your staunchest supporters. With their help, you can conquer the world! Organizing or attending a big event? Make the most of it, as fortunate encounters might result from this. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 The coming days could be a time of career advancement, profitable ventures and enviable opportunities. With the Mars/Jupiter tie in a highflying zone, this is your chance to take big steps forward to accomplish your goals. Luck is on your side! You’ll be in the right place at the right time to take advantage of something that can steer you in the direction of your dreams. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The Mars/Jupiter alignment in a far-reaching zone is perfect for promoting your ideas, business or anything else that will get you known on a much bigger scale. If you’re keen to go global with an Internet project or other idea, this is the time when taking the right steps can expand your options. A trip or long journey could be a resounding success, and enjoyable on so many levels. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 This may be a time of lucrative deals. Finances can start to look better, due to taking advantage of a timely opportunity. If there’s an element of risk involved, you’ll factor this into the equation and be ready to make a go of it. There’s a fearless quality showing, which means you’ll be ready to tackle issues that you’ve tended to avoid. Once you begin, you’ll make short work of them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Someone may come to your rescue in a big way. They’ll assist you with a challenge that you’ve had a hard time handling alone. The fact that they seem to appear out of nowhere as an answer to your need, can seem like a miracle. Yet they might have noticed you struggling for a while and decided to step in and help. Your friendships and relationships could be a precious resource, Libra. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The coming days may find you truly empowered, and ready to plunge headlong into new activities or projects that seem to promise much. With energy levels much higher than they were, you’ll also have physical stamina. You might be ready to go for a long jog or hike, or try other forms of exercise that get you out in the fresh air. You’ll have fun, and keep fit at the same time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As Mars aligns with Jupiter in feisty Aries, you’ll feel the power and energy in this planetary combination, and it could inspire you to do something you’ve been putting off. You’ll have the confidence to go for it, and even the thought of failure won’t deter you. Whether you’re keen to start a romance, a business or explore other potential opportunities, you’ll be ready, Archer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Ready to embrace domestic plans? Your luck is turning, and this could help you accomplish much if you take advantage of it. You’re in an expansive mood and eager for new adventures, so whether you want to move, enhance or enlarge your current place or start a home-based business, this is the time to go ahead. Have a lot of heavy jobs to do? You’ll complete them in no time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 The coming days can find you inspired Aquarius, and see you ready to take a leap of faith in a direction that promises much. Your intuition could play a big part in your success. Following it may be key to getting those lucky breaks that will usher you into a new and very active phase. It’s a time when you can become very popular, and because of this, you’re all set to do well. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You’ll be eager to take all the right actions to assure your success. And learning from others who have achieved what you’re so keen to accomplish, can be a big part of this. As long as you put into practice all you find out, you could go far. If you do nothing with the insights or information gained, you’ll waste some wonderful opportunities. Make this your time to shine, Pisces! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The New Moon in Gemini is coming – here’s what it means for your star sign MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid