A network-wide Tube strike could take place the day after the Queen’s Platinum Bank Holiday weekend. Thousands of station staff have been asked to protest amid a growing dispute with Transport for London (TfL). Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) union have clashed with transport bosses over pension plans and a potential reduction in jobs. Strike action could take place on Monday, June 6 and last 24 hours. RMT told Metro.co.uk up to 4,000 staff could strike across the city’s stations. Andy Lord, TfL’s chief operating officer, told Metro.co.uk: ‘We are extremely disappointed that the RMT has announced unnecessary strike action on 6 June and share Londoners’ frustrations that this, and the linked action short of strike, has been designed to disrupt the Jubilee weekend.’ An overnight ban for Underground services between June 3 and July 10 could also form part of strike action. Mr Lord added: ‘If the RMT chooses to go ahead with this unnecessary action, we will do everything we can to minimise any disruption and ensure everyone can still make the most of the capital throughout the Jubilee weekend.’ Last week, Sadiq Khan condemned the timing of the proposed strike and said it sent ‘the wrong message’ to the British public. Mick Lynch, of the RMT Union, has accused TfL of trying to ‘bulldoze’ through job losses. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘Our members are not prepared to accept that. ‘Station staff play a crucial role in serving the travelling public and were heroes during the 7/7 terrorist attacks.’ Mr Lynch has also called on Mr Khan to put pressure on the government to secure increased funding for London’s Underground network. The proposed strike action will come just a week after the introduction of the new Elizabeth Line, named in honour of the Queen. The Crossrail project had an original budget of £14.8billion, but the Government pledged an extra £4billion to help get it open. Last week, staff from Euston and Green Park also threatened to strike over the Jubilee Weekend due to alleged ‘years of bullying from a manager’. There are fears the strike action next month could have huge impact on commuters, as many return to work following the bank holiday. In March, London ground to a halt with huge queues at bus ranks and delays on the roads. Members of the RMT union had walked out for 24 hours in the dispute over jobs, pensions and conditions. During the action, 200 stations were shut and TfL lost around £13 million in income. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.