Deborah James’s Bowelbabe Fund has surpassed £1,000,000 following her devastating update that she’s now in hospice care. The You, Me And The Big C presenter told followers that she does not know ‘how long I’ve got left’ as she continues her fight against terminal bowel cancer, adding that she’s now surrounded by her family. In her devastating update, Deborah revealed she had set up the Bowelbabe Fund, and shared links to charities including Cancer Research UK, Bowel Cancer UK and the Royal Marsden Cancer Charity. ‘All I ask, if you ever read a column, followed my Instagram, listened to the podcast or saw me dressed as a poo for no reason, please buy me a drink to see me out this world, by donating the cost to @bowelbabefund which will enable us to raise funds for further lifesaving research into cancer,’ she wrote. ‘To give more Deborah’s more time!’ The money donated will go towards funding clinical trials and research into personalised medicine that could result in new treatments for cancer patients, including projects in collaboration with partners such as The Institute of Cancer Research (ICR) and The Royal Marsden. It will also go to raising awareness of cancer, such as Bowel Cancer UK’s Never Too Young campaign. At the time of writing, Deborah’s charity fund has raised £1,016,047 with an incredible 61,716 supporters. ‘You are just the BIGGEST inspiration to so many people, your energy and positivity has always shine through,’ one supporter wrote. Echoing a similar sentiment, another penned: ‘You are an incredibly brave and inspiring person. I can’t think of anything clever to say but you have lived your life well and continue to do so for however long you have, no one can do more.’ Deborah herself reacted to the incredible donations after they had surpassed £600,000. ‘I’m utterly blown away by your generosity over the last 12 hours!’ she said. ‘To think you have raised over £600k for vital research is just filling me with so much love. You are the kindest people. Thank you.’ She posted once again just an hour later when the fundraiser had increased. ‘I never in my wildest dreams thought we’d be waking up to this total 12 hours later. I’m actually crying!’ she penned. ‘Because I know we can continue to help fund some really vital projects @cr_uk @royalmarden and @bowelcanceruk with this money.’ Deborah was diagnosed with bowel cancer in 2016 and since then has kept her followers up to date with her treatments, with candid posts about her progress. On December 14 2021, she marked five years since her diagnosis, writing on Instagram: ‘I’m fully aware I shouldn’t be alive to write this today.’ You can donate to the Bowelbabe Fund here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 