Maya Vander has admitted she found it difficult to see herself pregnant in the new season of Selling Sunset having suffered a stillbirth just weeks after filming. The luxury real estate agent, who is a mum to two young children, was 22 weeks pregnant in the most recent chapter of the Netflix show but lost her son four months later and had to go through the trauma of giving birth. While she is thankful for the wonderful support of her Oppenheim Group colleagues and loved ones, Maya struggled to watch the new season back. ‘I was 22 weeks pregnant [during filming] and then I stopped filming because they tell you don’t travel and to take it easy,’ Maya said in an exclusive chat with Metro.co.uk. ‘At 38 weeks pregnant, I lost the baby, I lost my son.’ ‘Then I had to watch the show,’ she continued. ‘And I’m very much pregnant there and I don’t have the baby. It wasn’t as easy to watch. ‘I wasn’t sitting there sobbing with tears, I just kind of sat and watched the whole season as a whole, not focussing on just me being pregnant. Was it easy? No, but I watched it and managed to survive.’ Maya is hoping to raise awareness of stillbirth by talking about her experience. In her case, her baby suffered a cold compression, meaning there was less oxygen to him. ‘Freak accident, basically,’ she said. ‘The baby was fully developed and everything was fine.’ ‘I’m still carrying the trauma,’ Maya added. ‘I got a lot of support between the cast of Selling Sunset, producers, Netflix, they were amazing, and my own family and friends. ‘We had amazing support and they helped us through this crazy story. I never thought in my life I was going to be pregnant and lose the baby at such a late stage of the pregnancy. ‘It’s something that I’m still dealing but we’re doing better. Time helps a little bit with this event.’ Selling Sunset is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 