A teenage suspect is in custody on suspicion of murdering another boy aged 17 after a party in Surrey on Friday night. Police were called to a road junction in Camberley at 10.50pm after reports of a stabbing. They found the victim who died at the scene in a ‘senseless and violent’ attack. Detectives said they had arrested two 17-year-old boys in connection with the  incident, although one of them has since been freed with no further action. It happened on the Greenhill Road junction of Copped Hall Drive. The BBC reported that police said it followed a party at a private address which was attended by a number of young people. Neighbour Julia Kenny said: ‘In this area and the close neighbouring areas, this sort of thing just doesn’t happen. Obviously parents who have children that age it’s a worry for them, a constant worry.’ Surrey Police Temporary Chief Inspector Simon Dunn said: ‘We would like to reassure the local community that we are working tirelessly to establish the circumstances of this senseless and violent attack and to ensure that whoever is responsible is brought to justice as soon as possible. ‘There is still a heavy police presence in the area and a cordon remains at the scene to allow crime scene investigators to gather evidence and the road is still closed. We would like to thank local residents for their patience and support while we carry out our investigations. ‘We are appealing for witnesses and are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen someone acting suspiciously in the area before the police were called last night, or a young male running from the scene south down Greenhill Road and into the neighbouring roads. ‘The victim’s family are being provided with the support and immediate care they need at this difficult time.’ A Home Office pathologist was expected to carry out a post mortem examination on the boy’s body in the mortuary at Frimley Park Hospital in nearby Frimley and the Surrey coroner was expected to open and adjourn an inquest into his death later in the week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.