Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola says ‘everyone knows the situation’ with Erling Haaland but claimed he was barred from discussing the deal – despite an agreement being announced barely an hour later. The Norway superstar is set to move to the Etihad this summer after City verbally agreed personal terms with the Borussia Dortmund striker. A clause in his contract means Haaland is available for just £62million this summer and City released a statement shortly after Guardiola’s press confirming confirming that an agreement had been reached. ‘Manchester City can confirm we have reached an agreement in principle with Borussia Dortmund for the transfer of striker Erling Haaland to the Club on 1st July 2022,’ the Premier League champions announced. ‘The transfer remains subject to the Club finalising terms with the player.’ Guardiola had essentially confirmed the deal shortly beforehand having admitted that Dortmund had asked him not to speak about the capture of Haaland until everything had been completed. ‘Everyone knows the situation [regarding Erling Haaland]. But I should not talk,’ said Guardiola. ‘I do not like to talk about the future. ‘Borussia Dortmund and Manchester City have told me that I cannot talk. There will be plenty of time to talk.’ Asked what impact signing a new number nine will have, Guardiola replied: ‘We have a number nine now. ‘New players always helps to be a stronger team. But not one defender or striker will solve our defensive or scoring problems. ‘The club always has to have a vision for the future. The decisions the club makes I am aware and supportive of 100%.’ Haaland’s arrival will finally see City replace Sergio Aguero since his departure from the Etihad, with the club having missed out on signing Harry Kane from Tottenham a year ago. The Norwegian came close to joining rivals Manchester United in 2020 but the Red Devils were unwilling to agree to including a release clause in the striker’s deal. MORE : Thomas Tuchel wants Chelsea to sign Ralf Rangnick’s top recommendation for Manchester United For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 