Fern Cameron, 24, was on a night shift in December 2020 when she noticed that she kept losing her balance and had double vision. From Kirriemuir, the oncology nurse worked at Ninewells Hospital in Dundee – and it was there she first realised something wasn’t right. Outside of work, Fern’s mum also saw a change in her, saying that she was more short-tempered than usual and had been getting wound up easily. In January 2021, a few weeks after first seeing these changes, Fern’s GP referred her to the neurology department at Ninewells and an MRI scan revealed she had a mass on her brain. She was diagnosed with an astrocytoma brain tumour and surgeons operated on her in the days following her scan. It was crucial to act fast, as they found that the tumour was putting pressure on her brainstem. Fern said: ‘My balance was awful and I was really clumsy, but I ignored it. ‘Then I noticed that my eyes were getting increasingly worse and I had double vision. ‘I went to the opticians and they said I had nystagmus, where my eyes were moving involuntarily. ‘But the neurologist said that something was wrong and he booked me in for an MRI scan the next day which revealed a mass on my brain.’ After five months off work, Fern returned to her oncology nursing role in April 2021. She was given the ‘all clear’ in October 2021 which meant she didn’t need to have radiotherapy or chemotherapy. Fern has since spoken out about the lack of awareness surrounding symptoms of brain tumours and is now taking on the ‘Jog 26.2 Miles in May’ challenge, to raise money for Brain Tumour Research. She said: ‘I just wanted to do something positive. ‘I’m not a runner at all, but my sister Niamh runs a lot so she’s doing the challenge with me. ‘There is such a lack of awareness about brain tumours and people don’t recognise the symptoms. ‘I’m doing this not just for myself, but also for all people who are battling against this devastating disease.’ Matthew Price, community development manager at Brain Tumour Research said: ‘We’re really grateful to Fern as it’s only with the support of people like her that we’re able to progress our research into brain tumours and improve the outcome for patients who are forced to fight this awful disease. ‘Unlike many other cancers, brain tumours are indiscriminate. ‘They can affect anyone at any time. ‘Too little is known about the causes and that is why increased investment in research is vital.’ You can donate to Fern’s fundraising page here. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Davina McCall feared she had brain tumour after menopause symptoms caused TV blunder: ‘I felt embarrassed’ MORE : Hailey Baldwin opens up on terrifying blood clot on brain which left her face drooping and unable to speak MORE : Gogglebox’s Ellie Warner asks for donations to brain injury charity for birthday after boyfriend Nat’s car accident