Kim Kardashian has filed for a restraining order after a man she’s never met sent her ‘multiple death threats’ in the post, it has been reported. On Monday, the reality star’s lawyer, Shawn Holley, is said to have gone to court for a protective order after a man began sending threatening letters to her home and business addresses. It’s been claimed that the letters, which totalled more than 80, threatening her and her four children, with Kardashian reportedly saying that he’d made ‘disturbing sexual references about me in his letters’. It’s been claimed that in multiple letters, the man threatened to kill her, having also made false claims about the 41-year-old’s intimate relationships. According to TMZ, who obtained court documents, Kardashian said that on April 25, she receive a letter at one of her business offices that contained a bomb threat. The Skims founder claimed that the letter was similar to ones the man had sent before, it was claimed. Kardashian has reportedly requested the court to ensure that the man has no further contact with her and that he is made to keep a distance of at least 100 yards from her and her family. It was claimed that she feared he could harm or kill her, and feared the safety of both herself and her loved ones. This weekend, the Kardashian family are in Italy to celebrate the third wedding between Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker. While the eldest Kardashian sister and the Blink-182 drummer were officially married in Santa Barbara earlier this month, it’s believed that they’ve rented a castle in Italy for another ceremony. It’s believed that the celebrations will last four days, with Kris Jenner, Corey Gamble, Khloe Kardashian, Kim, Kendall Jenner and Kylie Jenner in attendance. While the couples’ children are also going to be at the festivities, the bride’s ex-boyfriend Scott Disick – with whom she shares three children – is understood not to have made the cut for the invites. The couple first made their relationship official last year after being friends for several years, announcing their engagement in October. Kim Kardashian’s representative declined to comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian comes through like hero after Erykah Badu ‘peed through’ her Skims pants MORE : Kourtney Kardashian and Travis look loved-up in romantic Portofino ahead of ‘intimate wedding’ at historic Italian castle this weekend 