Britain’s Got Talent viewers believe the best act was saved till last after a Sheffield busker wowed the judges with his beautiful singing voice. Saturday’s episode of ITV’s variety show saw a visibly nervous Maxwell Thorpe, 32, taking to the stage to perform the opera classic Caruso. As soon as the star sang, judges Alesha Dixon, Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and David Walliams couldn’t contain their excitement and gave Maxwell a standing ovation, as did the entire audience packed into the Royal Albert Hall. ‘Maxwell, that was extraordinary,’ enthused Simon. ‘Seriously, you’re so shy and quiet and then that happened. Your passion and obviously your voice and just you, I thought made it incredible. ‘It was like one of those movies, it wasn’t supposed to happen and it was just beautiful.’ Amanda, who was also moved by Maxwell’s rendition added: ‘You have such an extraordinary voice, I hope moving forward you feel more appreciated because these people are all on. their feet for you. You are better than standing on a pavement.’ It wasn’t just the judges and the crowd who were overcome with emotion during the poignant performance, as BGT viewers were also blown away by his talent. ‘The busker from #Sheffield was absolutely outstanding but so were the audience recognising such amazing talent,’ one person wrote. ‘The best audition of the series so far by a country mile – wasn’t expecting that voice at all. Definitely worthy of musical theatre and should of got the #GoldenBuzzer well done Maxwell a sensational audition,’ another added. Former BGT singer Calum Scott wrote: ‘Watching @BGT and Maxwell absolutely smashed his audition! What a voice. Congrats mate.’ Elsewhere on the show, acrobatic group Trio Vertex left the judges on the edge of their seats as they performed their suspenseful routine. While Harry Potter enthusiast Ryland Petty, nine, wowed the judges with some magic that was just as impressive. Before his performance, he admitted backstage that he had ‘been wanting to go on since [he] four.’ Performing some magic that involved a Rubik’s cube and guessing a word Amanda had pulled out a jar, as well as involving some friends on stage and asking the audience to shine their phone lights, Ryland was left with a standing ovation, and Simon was left speechless. Alesha also had her Golden Moment during the programme when she went to surprise seven-year-old Skylar Blu at her dance studio to invite her to audition at the London Palladium. The young dancer delivered an emotive contemporary routine to Footprints In The Sand by Leona Lewis which saw her perform pirouettes and split leaps. Britain’s Got Talent returns next Saturday at 8pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : BGT’s Jonathan Goodwin shares uplifting video from field in wheelchair: ‘Never assume you can’t do something’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Nine-year-old ‘Harry Potter’ leaves Simon Cowell ‘speechless’ with his magic act 