Damian Lewis held a memorial service for his late wife, actress Helen McCrory, one year after her death, with the actor seen hugging friends in attendance. Stars including Helena Bonham Carter, Matthew Macfadyen, and Keeley Hawes attended the celebration to pay their respects to the late Peaky Blinders actress. A church service was held, before attendees celebrated McCrory’s life at the J Sheekey restaurant in Soho. Homeland actor Damian, who was married to McCrory for for 14 years before her death, was seen holding a glass of fizz, and greeting attendees for the service, which he hosted. Damian, donning a suit with a purple and white printed shirt and coordinating pocket square, looked in good spirits with other attendees as they celebrated the life of the legendary actress. In April 2021, McCrory died at the age of 52 after a battle with cancer. Her tragic death was confirmed by her husband Damian, 51, with tributes pouring in across social media from fans and friends of the late star. McCrory married Damian in 2007 after they met on the production of Five Gold Rings at London’s Almeida Theatre in 2003. The pair share two children: a daughter, Manon, and a son, Gulliver. The actress was known for her incredible work across TV and film, most prominently in Peaky Blinders as Aunt Polly, in the Harry Potter movies as Narcissa Malfoy, and in James Bond film Skyfall as MP Clair Dowar. On stage, she was also incredibly accomplished, playing roles like Lady Macbeth in Macbeth at Shakespeare’s Globe, Olivia in Twelfth Night and Rosalind in As You Like It on the West End. Damian has previously paid tribute to his late wife, including at a poetry night held in her honour in January this year. The actor said: ‘This evening is dedicated to her and it’s perfect, because Helen loved the National Theatre. ‘One person whose thunder would absolutely not be stolen was Helen McCrory.’ At the time of her death, he announced the devastating news by saying: ‘I’m heartbroken to announce that after an heroic battle with cancer, the beautiful and mighty woman that is Helen McCrory has died peacefully at home, surrounded by a wave of love from friends and family. ‘She died as she lived. Fearlessly. God we love her and know how lucky we are to have had her in our lives. She blazed so brightly. ‘Go now, Little One, into the air, and thank you.’ MORE : Peaky Blinders star Conrad Khan reveals Helen McCrory was ‘driving force’ behind season 6 MORE : Peaky Blinders star Joe Cole reveals the incredible ‘off-camera support’ from Helen McCrory: ‘We lost a special one’ 