If you’re thinking about improving your home but feeling overwhelmed, you can get started with just a few taps on your phone. Whether you’re planning to give your home a lick of paint or tempted to go all Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen and totally transform the place, these apps will take the pain out of the process. Fancy yourself as a bit of an interior designer? Room Planner lets you create floor plans from scratch, adding rooms, doors and windows, and moving walls as you go, before filling it with furniture and switching to 3D view to have a virtual snoop around. The free version doesn’t give you access to everything and it badgers you to subscribe a lot, but there’s plenty that you can do with it without having to part with a penny. Get it for free on iOS and Android. Still in the planning stages and not quite sure what you want to do with the spare bedroom? Hozz is packed with more than 20million pictures of other people’s houses – and if you can’t find anything that inspires you from that lot there’s no helping you. You can also use the app to follow trends, discuss your ideas with other users, and even look for architects, builders, suppliers and other tradespeople near you. Get it for free on iOS and Android. Not sure whether the lounge would look better in Sandpiper Beige or Frozen Canal? Fire up the Color Portfolio app, point your phone’s camera at a wall and you can use either stills or video to see how any of paint brand Benjamin Moore’s many shades would look when splashed on your walls. It’s not perfect, but does a much better job than covering the place with little blobs from sample pots. Get it for free on iOS and Android. Let’s face it, there’s zero chance you’ll finish your home makeover without at least one trip to Ikea – and not just for a portion of those delicious meatballs. The Swedish furniture giant’s Place app is worth downloading before you order anything, allowing you to use your phone’s camera to see what your chosen items will look like in your home. It’s a virtual try-before-you-buy. Get it for free on iOS and Android. If you’ve got one of the latest iPhone Pros or an iPad Pro it comes with a LiDAR sensor onboard, which uses invisible lasers to scan rooms and objects in order to make accurate 3D models of them. It automatically adds ceiling heights and wall areas, plus you can turn the 3D scans into 2D floor plans that can be annotated. Ideal for the planning stages of your big renovation. Get it for free on iOS. Want to paint your living room so that it looks like that woodland scene you captured with your phone last autumn? Fancy having a bathroom the same colour as the Mediterranean sea you snapped on holiday? This iOS app allows you to generate colour palettes from pictures in your phone’s camera roll. It’ll even tell you the exact HEX and RGB values, so you can make sure your walls match the shade you’re after exactly. Get it for free on iOS. Decided to do some of the work yourself rather than calling in the professionals? Brave move – but Home Improvement Calcs should stop you from making any rookie errors. It includes over 250 DIY-related calculations and unit conversions, so you can use it to help you measure out how much flooring or wallpaper you’re going to need, or even calculate how long it’s likely to take to paint a room. Get it for £1.79 on iOS. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The biggest ways to save money on a home renovation, from people who have done it themselves MORE : Woman saves over £1,100 decorating her home using second-hand furniture MORE : Couple renovate their entire house with no DIY experience – and it looks amazing