A man has been arrested on suspicion of assault after Sheffield United captain Billy Sharp was apparently attacked when Nottingham Forest fans spilled on to the pitch at the end of the Championship play-off semi-final. Nottinghamshire Police’s chief inspector Paul Hennessy said: ‘A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault in connection with this incident. He remains in custody and will be questioned by officers. ‘Our enquiries into the circumstances surrounding the incident are ongoing. We have spoken to the player concerned and we are working with both clubs who are supporting us with our investigation.’ The Blades skipper was sidelined for the second leg because of injury and was stood on the touchline after Forest secured a dramatic 3-2 penalty shootout victory following a 3-3 aggregate draw, which precipitated a pitch invasion at the City Ground. Footage shared on social media appears to show one supporter running at the 36-year-old former Forest striker and knocking him to the ground. Forest have condemned the incident and said in a statement they will ‘will work with the authorities to locate the individual’ and the offender will be subject to ‘a life ban’ from the club. Asked for his reaction to the incident, Blades manager Paul Heckingbottom said the fan who assualted Sharp deserves a prison sentence. He said: ‘What do you want me to say about that… I watch every Monday Night Football, Super Sunday, my time up in Scotland, every time I’ve been there there’s been so many people talking, seeing things thrown on the pitch, seeing fans invade the pitch, seeing things that are going to players’ health and safety in danger, and nothing’s ever done about it. ‘There will be something done about that, we’ve seen what’s happened, you know what’s happened. There’s a prison sentence there without a doubt. ‘How can you come to your place of work, minding your own business, and be assaulted in that fashion? ‘It’s bang out of order, it’s everything that’s wrong, like I say, too many times, you hear people condemn it but nothing’s done about it. We’re the ones who suffer. ‘It’s upsetting for lots of reasons, but it’ll be dealt with.’ Former Forest defender Michael Dawson agreed with Heckingbottom and told Sky Sports: ‘That’s an absolute disgrace. That’s one person, we can’t condemn that. ‘That is a disgrace, too many people run on the pitch. Yes, we talked about Nottingham Forest enjoying it and having a special night, but Billy Sharp was stood there doing nothing wrong and one stupid fan runs on and does that. ‘It’s spoilt everything for this night. What Nottingham Forest have done, and that fan, I just hope Billy Sharp is okay.’ MORE : Billy Sharp attacked by Nottingham Forest fan after Sheffield United’s play-off semi-final defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 