A Palestinian journalist has been shot dead while covering an Israeli raid in the occupied West Bank. Shireen Abu Akleh, a veteran TV reporter for Al Jazeera who was also a US citizen, died soon after being hit by a bullet. Another Al Jazeera reporter, Ali Samoudi, was shot in the back and taken to hospital in a stable condition. The broadcaster blamed the Israeli forces for the shooting and interrupted its broadcast to announce Ms Abu Akleh’s death. In a statement flashed on its channel, it called on the international community to ‘condemn and hold the Israeli occupation forces accountable for deliberately targeting and killing our colleague’. ‘We pledge to prosecute the perpetrators legally, no matter how hard they try to cover up their crime, and bring them to justice,’ Al Jazeera said in a statement. The Israeli military said its forces came under attack from heavy gunfire and explosives while operating in the town of Jenin and fired back. A spokesperson said it is ‘investigating the event and looking into the possibility that the journalists were hit by the Palestinian gunmen’. Israeli Prime Minister Naftali Bennett said that based on the information they had gathered, ‘there is a considerable chance that armed Palestinians, who fired wildly, were the ones who brought about the journalist’s unfortunate death’. The Palestinian Authority, which administers parts of the occupied West Bank and co-operates with Israel on security matters, condemned the ‘shocking crime’ committed by Israeli forces. Ms Abu Akleh, 51, was born in Jerusalem. She began working for Al Jazeera in 1997 and regularly reported on-camera from across the Palestinian territories. In video footage of the incident, Ms Abu Akleh can be seen wearing a blue flak jacket clearly marked with the word ‘Press’. Mr Samoudi, who was working as her producer, told The Associated Press they were among a group of seven reporters who went to cover the raid early on Wednesday. He said they were all wearing protective gear that clearly marked them as reporters, and they passed by Israeli troops so the soldiers would see them and know they were there. He said a first shot missed them, a second hit him, and a third killed Ms Abu Akleh. He said there were no militants or other civilians in the area – only the reporters and the army. The military’s suggestion they were shot by militants is a ‘complete lie’, he added. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.