A brave teenager sacrificed his own life by running to tell his elderly neighbours of an incoming Russian air strike. Viacheslav Yalyshev could have run to the nearest bomb shelter as missiles rained down on the port city of Odesa on Monday. But after hearing the warning sirens, he instead ran to tell the pensioners about the imminent attack. Viacheslav died as two rockets hit a dormitory and destroyed the roof of a nearby church. Family and friends described the teen as bright and studious and said he was still excelling at school despite a war raging in Ukraine for more than two months. Even as bombs and missiles fell, Viacheslav still managed to study diligently and do his homework in the basement. ‘He was a very good, kind, and sympathetic boy. Very capable, sincere. I just have no words,’ said one woman, who did not want to be named. Viacheslav’s dad Yevhen Yalyshev is a member of the Ukrainian air force and a veteran of the 2014 conflict in eastern Ukraine, MailOnline reports. Paying tribute to his son, he wrote: ‘You are my hero, you are the hero of Ukraine.’ He said his boy had been worried that their neighbours would not have had apps that warn users of incoming airstrikes installed on their phones. Calling the death ‘another blow’ for Odesa, the city’s mayor Gennady Trukhanov said: ‘There will never be forgiveness for those who shed the blood of innocent people, especially children.’ Odesa has largely avoided the brunt of Russia’s invasion, but Vladimir Putin’s forces have stepped up attacks on the city in recent weeks. The Ukrainian government believes Moscow wants to cut off its access to the entire southern coastline, which would strip away its ability to export products abroad. On April 23, during the Orthodox Christian Easter weekend, three generations of one family were killed when a Russian missile hit an apartment block in Odesa. Chef and baker Yuri Glodan, 30, lost his wife, his three-month-old daughter, and his mother in law. Eight people died in what was described as Putin’s Easter massacre, including newlywed couple Lyudmila Chernetskaya, 28, and Bogdan Kirillov, 21, who were expecting their first child. Russia continually denies targeting civilians, but thousands are thought to have died and more and more mass graves keep on being discovered in liberated cities. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   