James Argent was having a ball as he performed live on stage at Angel Trust’s Ladies Day over the weekend. The former The Only Way Is Essex star – who lost 13 stone in weight during his incredible fitness journey – looked in great spirits during the show on Sunday in front of 1,000 adoring fans. The 34-year-old reality TV icon was front and centre as he took to the stage with The Arg Band at the event in County Durham on Sunday night. He soaked up the atmosphere, clearly loving the adulation from the wild crowd, who were screaming and reaching out for him as he belted out the hits. Arg kept things smart in a black and white shirt and black jeans for the performance, and organisers were delighted with the turnout for the fundraiser, which they hope pulled in around £15,000. As quoted by Teeside Live, Clair McGregor – founder and CEO of the Angel Trust – revealed ticket sales were fantastic, and said: ‘The atmosphere was absolutely electric. Everyone had a brilliant time.’ Arg shared a clip from the band’s soundcheck earlier in the day, boldly referring to them as the ‘greatest’ in the country before singing a line from David Bowie’s classic Let’s Dance. ‘Ladies and gentlemen, this is The Arg Band! The greatest wedding [and] function band in Britain,’ he shouted. ‘Wooo! This is our soundcheck baby. 1,500 women, Ladies Day, up in Newcastle. Let’s go!’ James couldn’t stop smiling, and the show came shortly after he celebrated a year since he underwent gastric sleeve surgery, having  unveiled his dramatic transformation after losing 13 stone in weight. The Towie favourite lost the weight within nine months following his surgery, after doctors warned him he could die if he didn’t lose weight. Arg weighed 27 stone at his heaviest, having gained the weight during the pandemic and subsequent lockdowns and his lifestyle change came following a near-fatal overdose on Christmas Day in 2019, after which he sought help to beat his drug and alcohol issues. However after being sober for two years, earlier in 2022 Arg suffered a relapse which led to paramedics being called to his home, and he noted his setback was down to loneliness and changing his relationship with food. ‘Even though I was clean and sober for such a long time… I probably wasn’t really well because I gained 11 stone in lockdown,’ he admitted on Loose Women earlier this year, adding that he would ‘comfort eat’ to tackle alcohol cravings. ‘A lot of people’s chaos can be from being out all the time… my chaos starts when I’m indoors, alone, bored, lonely. Too much time on my hands.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : James Argent shares incredible before and after photos as he celebrates year of weight loss journey MORE : Tyson Fury celebrates Dillian Whyte victory with brother Tommy Fury, Mark Wright and a topless James Argent at kebab restaurant 