You don’t need to spend a load of money to get an interior designer feel in your home. Just get crafty with some DIY. In need of some inspiration? Take a look at Tanya O’Kane’s handiwork. The mum, 47, didn’t fancy spending hundreds for a builder to install an on-trend slatted wood wall in her home. So instead, she spent £46 on materials and did the work herself. The end result is a super stylish tweak to her living room. Tanya told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: ‘I came up with the idea of doing a slatted wall in my hallway, as I’ve seen a few businesses doing it and I liked it. ‘It was super easy to do by myself as I love DIY and would give anything a go.’ Tanya bought some planed softwood strips and glue, then got stuck in. ‘I glued the first slat on, left it to dry til the next day and then was able to glue the rest using the narrow end of the wood as spacers,’ she explained. ‘I cut the strips around the mirror to have the mirror sunk in as I only wanted it overlapping the mirror. ‘I also used black paint below the slats to make the wood pop. ‘My mitre saw and jigsaw made it easier. ‘I had all the materials like the paint and saws at home so I only spent £46 on wood and glue, and saved a fortune doing it myself. ‘With everything getting pricey at the moment including wood, I would rather try and do what I want myself. ‘We are going on holiday this year for the first time in three years, so I would rather save and keep my money for that.’ Makes sense to us. Tanya has been loving DIY projects recently, as it’s a way to stay occupied while off work with breast cancer. She shares her interiors on her Instagram page, @59bytheriver. ‘I love interiors so it gave me a little boost to keep going and busy,’ said the mum. ‘I definitely saved a lot doing this by myself as when you get someone out to do it, it would cost a few hundred pounds!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value MORE : DIY dad builds epic climbing frame for kids from scratch – saving £7,000 MORE : Mum adds £125,000 to value of ‘hoarder home’ after impressive DIY transformation