Three people have dramatically blown the whistle on what really happened behind No 10 during the height of the pandemic, when it is alleged rules were regularly broken with the prime minister’s ‘implicit permission’. Insiders at Downing Street lockdown parties have described how staff crowded together, sat on each other’s laps and mocked colleagues who tried to stop what was going on during regular events. Speaking to BBC Panorama on the condition of anonymity, the staffers described arriving for work the morning after a get-together to find bottles lying around parts of the building, bins overflowing with rubbish and empties left on the table. They say the parties were routine and some went on so late that people ended up staying in Downing Street all night. ‘They were every week,’ one said, adding: ‘The event invites for Friday press office drinks were just nailed into the diary.’ The invitation was known as ‘WTF’ – meaning ‘Wine-Time Friday’.  However, drinking wasn’t limited to then. One former official described turning up at work in No 10 often to find ‘a mess’. They told the BBC: ‘There were bottles, empties, rubbish – in the bin, but overflowing – or indeed sometimes left on the table.’ The extraordinary claims come a day after a bombshell photo showed Boris Johnson raising a glass in a room full of people for a leaving do for Lee Cain, the former Comms director, on November 13 2020. Describing this event, one insider said the PM attended and made a speech to thank Mr Cain, but as the party developed ‘there were about 30 people, if not more, in a room. Everyone was stood shoulder to shoulder, some people on each other’s laps…one or two people.’ The Met Police is facing questions as to why it didn’t fine the prime minister over this event, when others have been judged to have broken the law for being there and received penalties. The insiders said socialising was regular with what they felt was Mr Johnson’s ‘implicit permission’. They detailed another ‘lively event’ on the eve of Prince Philip’s funeral on April 16, 2021, which they described as ‘a general party with people dancing around’. The gathering became so loud that security guards in the building allegedly told them to leave the building and go into the No 10 grounds. ‘So everyone grabbed all the drinks, the food, everything, and went into the garden,’ a source said. ‘We all sat around the tables drinking. People stayed the night there.’ The insiders conceded their actions were ‘unforgivable’. But they said it was difficult to raise concerns,  describing how a Downing Street security guard was mocked when they tried to stop a party in full flow. One of the witnesses said: ‘I remember when a custodian tried to stop it all and he was just shaking his head in this party, being like, “This shouldn’t be happening”. ‘People made fun of him because he was so worked up that this party was happening and it shouldn’t be happening.’ All three painted a picture of Downing Street as a ‘bubble’ where the rules ‘didn’t apply’, reports the BBC. They blamed the culture of rule-breaking on the prime minister, suggesting he ‘wanted to be liked’ and for staff to be able to ‘let their hair down’. They said he would often pop through to events on the way to his flat – and never told people to break up and go home. An insider said: ‘He wasn’t saying, “Can everyone break up and go home? Can everyone socially distance? Can everyone put masks on?” ‘No, he wasn’t telling anybody that. He was grabbing a glass for himself.’ Downing Street have declined to comment but said they would give a full response to the publication of the Sue Gray report into the parties, which is expected to be published tomorrow. Last week, the Met concluded its own investigation after issuing 126 fines – including one for the prime minister for attending a birthday party in June 2020. Mr Johnson is facing a third investigation into whether he lied to parliament when he claimed in the House of Commons that rules were followed ‘at all times’. One staffer described ‘watching in disbelief’ when the PM denied the parties took place after reports of the gatherings started to emerge last year. Junior staff are said to be furious that some of them attended the same lockdown busting events as the prime minister and have received multiple fines, while Mr Johnson received just one. One of the insiders told the BBC that younger members of the team ‘did not think they were breaking the rules at the time because the prime minister was at [the events], some of the most senior civil servants in the country were at them – and were indeed organising some of them’. One even described the events as a ‘lifeline’ for staff who were working long hours, especially if they lived alone. Some of them feel let down and ‘subject to a witch hunt’, according to Panorama’s report. But they said they feel sad and embarrassed by the scandal too, telling the BBC: ‘It’s been very distressing and shaming and, particularly because that whole period was just quite traumatic, it was really difficult to work on every single day. “We were learning that people were dying in hospital beds and people were dying needlessly…So it was quite difficult to look back at that period now and think this is what will define that – not the vaccine programme or the food parcels for shielding people. ‘It will be “What were you doing on 20 May in the garden?”‘ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.  