Matt Lucas and Eddie Izzard are among the stars supporting Blackpool forward Jake Daniels, who has become the first pro footballer to come out as gay in 32 years. Daniels, 17, became the first male professional player in English football to come out as gay since Justin Fashanu in 1990 with his incredible statement. Little Britain star Matt wrote on Twitter: ‘It’s a landmark day in British LGBT history. ‘Brilliant, brave @Jake_Daniels11 – a professional Championship footballer with @BlackpoolFC – has come out. Huge respect to you, Jake, and to your club and teammates for supporting you.’ Eddie simply added: ‘I salute you, Jake’. Roman Kemp went on to say: ‘Huge love to Jake Daniels. What a guy!’ while YouTuber Joe Weller tweeted: ‘Respect to Jake Daniels.’ Daniels, who signed his first professional deal with Blackpool in February, made his senior debut for the Championship club earlier this month. ‘Now is the right time to do it. I feel like I am ready to tell people my story. I want people to know the real me,’ he said in an interview with Sky Sports News. ‘I have been thinking for a long time about how I want to do it, when I want to do it. I know now is the time. I am ready to be myself, be free and be confident with it all. ‘I can’t really put a date on it, but I was probably five or six years old when I knew I was gay. So it’s been a long time that I have been living with the lie. ‘At that age you don’t really think that football and being gay doesn’t mix. You just think, one day, when I’m older I’ll get a girlfriend and I will change and it will be fine. ‘But as you get older you realise you can’t just change. It doesn’t work like that.’ Fashanu became the first male British professional footballer to come out in 1990 before he took his own life eight years later at the age of 37. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Blackpool forward Jake Daniels becomes first pro footballer to come out as gay in 32 years 