Passengers were forced to wait in what they claim was ‘half a mile’ long queues amid travel chaos this morning. Hundreds of passengers lined up outside Birmingham Airport amid a delay to get through security. They complained of ‘absolute chaos’ throughout the morning. Photos showed huge queues snaking through the airport and out into the car park. Flights were delayed as passengers reported being called out of the queue by staff to make it in time for their flight. Passenger Sam, who was travelling for work, had told BirminghamLive that thousands of people were stuck in the queue sometime after 6am. He said: ‘Thousands of people are queueing – from inside, all the way outside to the car park. There’s only one entry point as well. And very little security checks open.’ The airport returned to more normal waiting times by 10.30am. Birmingham Airport apologised for the delay and described the queues as ‘long but managed and moving’ this morning. Meanwhile, at Manchester Airport, there were similar signs of travel chaos. Passengers took to social media to complain about missing their flights due to lengthy queues. Like in Birmingham, passengers had to be called from the queue in order to make their flights. Rachael A posted online: ‘Absolute disgrace! My sister is in tears after missing her flight because of security. ‘Begged security staff to fast track her thru as gate was closing no one cares. Disgrace!!’ Others said they had never seen delays as bad before. Ben Leather added: ‘Feel sorry for the overworked staff who clearly just don’t have the numbers to cope with the passenger load at the moment. Give yourself plenty of time to get through security if you’re flying anytime soon.’ Manchester Airport has advised people to arrive three hours before their flight is due to depart, and to make sure their hand luggage is packed in accordance with security rules. A spokesperson said: ‘We are aware that at times this morning, some passengers have experienced longer security queues than we would like and we apologise for any inconvenience caused. ‘We continue to make good progress in our recovery from the devastating impacts of the pandemic, both in terms of recruiting the number of staff we need for the summer, and the waiting times experienced by the majority of travellers. ‘However, we are still advising customers that there will be occasions when queues will be longer than usual, as was the case for periods this morning due to unexpectedly high levels of absence experienced on the day.’ Manchester Airport bosses have also utilised part of Terminal One’s car park to manage queues more effectively. Meanwhile, the situation at Birmingham Airport has been exacerbated by a large number of redundancies throughout the coronavirus pandemic. A new recruitment was launched late last year but training is still underway. A spokesman from Birmingham Airport said: ‘Of the 7,500 customers booked to fly out of BHX in today’s dawn peak, 99.7% successfully caught their flights. Anyone who missed was rebooked. ‘Due to the large volumes of people at the airport this morning, we ran security queues outside the terminal to avoid them getting tangled with check-in lines. We thank customers for their patience.  ‘Our message to departing customers is: Help us help you keep queues moving by removing any liquids, gels, pastes and electrical items from your bags before our security x-ray scanners.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.