Euphoria’s latest season may long be over, but the hype is still going. Fans are keen to know what will happen next and are still taking inspiration from the colourful and glittery makeup looks. We don’t have the answer yet for the first concern, but makeup fans will be excited to know Euphoria’s lead makeup artist, Doniella Davy, has now launched her own makeup line called Half Magic Beauty. After being kept under wraps for a long while, Donni revealed these products had been used on the Euphoria set while season two filming took place. So, if you want to recreate iconic looks, the products you need are right here. Speaking on Instagram, Donni shared with fans that since working as a makeup artist, she’s been ‘dreaming up a list of products that didn’t exist’. Over the last three years, she’s been working alongside the creators of Euphoria to shape the line. She wants to bring ‘fantastical makeup to everyday life’ – which means this range is packed with glitter, vibrant shades, and fun jewel accents. Even better, the product range is entirely vegan too. If the unique looks worn by Hunter Schafer and Sydney Sweeney throughout season two caught your eye, Half Magic beauty is your answer. There are a range of liquid eyeshadows, liners, lipsticks, highlighters and more. It’s likely the product range will expand soon, but so far the focus is on colour products rather than base ones. Sets can be bought too for greater value. Good news for UK dwellers – Half Magic Beauty does ship to the UK. Currently products can only be bought online and while they show up in dollars, once you hit checkout the price in pounds will show. It will be more costly for Brits to shop the range though, as a $17 product converts to £17 on the website, rather than being a reflection of the exchange rate. On top of this, there will be a shipping cost. Some orders may also have duties and taxes to pay, but it seems small orders can swerve these extra costs. Shipping times are six to 18 days. If it means we can get our hands on the coveted products, we can make our peace with it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Euphoria’s lead makeup artist is launching her own cosmetic line MORE : MAC Cosmetics unveils Stranger Things collaboration – it’s a modernised take on 80s makeup MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’ve grafted my way to the top of the makeup artistry industry’