Katie Price is set to appear in court on Tuesday charged with another driving offence. The reality star and OnlyFans model, 44, has been in court several times in recent months for charges relating to dangerous driving and breaching the terms of a restraining order. In December, Katie was handed down a sentence of 16 weeks suspended for 12 months, 100 hours of unpaid work, 20 sessions of rehabilitation work with probation, and a two-year driving ban, after she was involved in a drink-driving crash that September. At the time, Katie was warned by the judge that she ‘deserved to spend Christmas behind bars,’ as when she got behind the wheel ‘intoxicated with drink and drugs, you showed no concern at all for the lives of others.’ It has now been reported that Katie will be up in court again for a different offence, which occurred less than two weeks before the shocking crash on Septembe 28. According to The Sun, Katie was caught speeding in a BMW near her house in Horsham, West Sussex, on September 17, 2021. The star was caught by an officer going above the 60mph speed limit while travelling close to the home – dubbed the Mucky Mansion – that she shares with her children. She is reportedly charged with speeding, as well as being accused of failing to give information to police when asked following a driving offence. Katie was most recently in court in April, when she was accused of breaching a restraining order against ex-husband Kieran Hayler’s fiancee Michelle Penticost, which she has denied. Katie is said to have sent her ex-husband Kieran a message on January 21, 2022 branding his new partner a ‘c***ing wh**e’ and a ‘gutter s**g’, while also accusing them of having an affair. The former glamour model was banned from contacting her directly or indirectly on June 3 2019, under the terms of a five-year restraining order after a foul-mouthed ‘tirade of abuse’ at her during a row in a school playground. Katie was told she was in ‘really grave danger of going to prison’ by the judge hearing the case. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Katie Price for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price kicks off 44th birthday celebrations sharing cosy selfie with fiance Carl Woods MORE : Katie Price wears skin-tight catsuit as she heads to beauty salon after 24th boob job 