A mother said that her teenage daughter tried to kill herself after she was strip-searched by Metropolitan Police officers. The mixed-race girl, 15, was held in custody for more than 20 hours after two boys phoned police alleging that her group of friends had attempted to rob them at knifepoint. Police found her in possession of a sharpened stick and a small blade, which her mother said she had because she self-harmed. After finding these, her mum said six officers handcuffed and forcibly stripped the girl, who was given the pseudonym Olivia to protect her identify. Her mum, referred to as Lisa: ‘Olivia was actually on her period at the time too. And they cut off her underwear in front of these grown male officers. ‘She was absolutely distraught.’ Lisa told the BBC that the experience had a devastating impact on her daughter’s mental health. ‘She spent a lot of time in her room and she continued to self-harm in secret. And then, a few weeks later, she attempted suicide,’ she added. Lisa said she had told officers on the phone that her daughter had autism and learning difficulties, and had been self-harming. The force confirmed the mother had made a complaint and they were investigating. The report comes after a backlash over revelations that a 15-year-old girl, known as Child Q, was strip-searched by female Metropolitan Police officers in 2020 in the knowledge that she was menstruating after she was wrongly suspected of carrying cannabis at her east London school. Lisa told BBC Radio 4’s File On 4 programme that officers searched her daughter and her friends at the scene and the group were arrested in December 2020. Olivia later appeared in court accused of possession of a bladed weapon and was found not guilty after magistrates accepted the items were used for self-harming, the BBC reported. Her family are bringing a civil case against the Met and are being represented by lawyer Gail Hadfield Granger, who has been contacted for comment. A spokesman for the Metropolitan Police said: ‘We have received a complaint from the girl’s mother, which is currently under investigation. ‘We have also received notification of a potential civil claim and therefore are unable to comment further at this stage.’ Deputy Assistant Commissioner Laurence Taylor told File On 4 that strip-searches help to keep children safe while in custody. ‘(The) worst-case scenario would be that we stop strip-searching in its entirety and a young child dies in custody because they are in possession of a knife or drugs that they use to harm themselves,’ he said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.