Amber Heard has spoken about why Johnny Depp does not look at her in court, as her cross-examination began. The Aquaman actress returned to the stand at the Fairfax County Courthouse today after a week-long break. Earlier in the day, the 36-year-old spoke of the alleged abuse in their marriage, and her fears that she ‘wouldn’t survive’ the relationship. Depp’s lawyer, Camille Vasquez, began her cross-examination of Heard and addressed why the Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, would not look at his former partner on the stand. ‘Mr Depp hasn’t looked at you once this entire trial, has he?,’ she asked, to which the star replied: ‘Not that I’ve noticed, no’. She also said that she had looked at Depp while on the stand, before Ms Vasquez questioned: ‘You know exactly why Mr Depp won’t look back at you don’t you?’ ‘I do,’ Heard replied. His lawyer continued: ‘He promised you you would never see his eyes again. Isn’t that true?’ Audio was then played in court, reportedly recorded in July, 2016, in which Depp could be heard saying: ‘We won’t see each other again… I’m going to take my f**king glasses off… ‘You will not see my eyes again’. Ms Vasquez said: ‘He kept that promise hasn’t he?’ ’As far as I know, he cannot look at me,’ Heard replied. When Ms Vasquez clarified, ‘He won’t look at you, right Miss Heard?’, she added: ‘He can’t.’ The trial, held at the Fairfax County Courthouse, resumed today, when Heard discussed her decision to file for divorce in 2016. ‘I knew if I didn’t I’d likely not literally survive,’ she told the court. ‘I was so scared that it was going to end really badly for me and I really didn’t want to leave him, I loved him so much. ‘I would have done anything but I couldn’t do that one thing, I couldn’t stay. ‘The promise and the hope I had became less and less regular and more and more rare. ‘The monster was now the thing that was normal and not the exception. The violence was now normal and not the exception. ‘It was so hard but I knew I had to do it… what if he had taken it too far, I wouldn’t be here.’ Depp is suing Heard for defamation after she penned an op-ed in the Washington Post, discussing her experiences of domestic violence. His team have argued that, while he was not named in the 2018 article, it implied that he was physically and sexually violent towards her – something he had denied. She launched a countersuit, claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. Depp previously took the stand when the case began last month, and insisted that he has never struck a woman. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who: David Tennant and Catherine Tate seen on set for first time as they return to show after more than a decade MORE : Rust producer ‘confident’ film can be completed after Halyna Hutchins shooting 