Johnny Depp’s legal team have declared that Amber Heard ‘gave the performance of her life’ after she took to the stand in the defamation trial. Both sides gave statements after the Aquaman actress gave testimony, accusing Depp of ‘penetrating her with a bottle’ and performing a cavity search on her, as well as slapping her when she laughed at his tattoo. A spokesperson for Depp said: ‘As Mr. Depp’s counsel correctly predicted in their opening statements last month, Ms. Heard did indeed deliver “the performance of her life” in her direct examination. ‘While Ms. Heard’s stories have continued to grow new and convenient details, Mr. Depp’s recollections have remained exactly the same throughout the six painful years since her first allegations were made. ‘His truth — the truth — is the same no matter the environment in which it has been presented.’ The statement continues: ‘The upcoming cross examination from Mr. Depp’s team will be most telling, and will certainly highlight the many fallacies Ms. Heard has now attempted to pass off as fact throughout her convoluted testimony.’ A spokesperson for Heard responded: ‘As evidenced by the statement just released, Mr. Depp’s defamation claim is falling apart so rapidly that his counsel are turning from prosecutor to persecutor. ‘They boast that Mr. Depp’s story has not changed. If so, since he lost the Domestic Violence Restraining Order and he resoundingly lost the libel case in the UK, perhaps he should consider a new strategy rather than the recycled approach of attacking the victim, and refusing to take responsibility for his own conduct. ‘Mr. Depp’s behavior in this trial has been as pitiful as it was in their marriage. ‘Apparently, they feel they must double-down on their demonstrably losing two-part strategy: distract the jury and demonize the victim.’ Heard sobbed while giving her testimony at the Fairfax County Courthouse on Thursday, as the bombshell defamation trial continued. Heard’s testimony began on Wednesday, and has also seen her speak of how their relationship began, as well as the first time Depp allegedly ‘slapped’ her. Speaking to the court, she also claimed that he ‘performed a cavity search’ on her while ‘looking for drugs’. The trial is expected to last several weeks. Depp took to the stand last month when and said that he had ‘never struck any woman’. The Edward Scissorhands star is suing his ex-wife for libel and seeking $50million (£39m) in damages, over an op-ed she wrote for the Washington Post in 2018. In the piece, she discussed being a victim of domestic violence but did not mention her former partner’s name. Although Depp was not named, his team argued that it implies she was physically and sexually abused by him during their marriage – something he has denied. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Amber Heard sobs as she claims actor ‘penetrated her with bottle’ and threatened to ‘kill’ her MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Amber Heard says actor ‘kicked her in back’ on private plane 