Make-up artist Zoe Bywater has spent less than a tenth of the price of her home turning it from drab to fab. Zoe, 38, moved into her £375,000 four-bedroom detached house in January 2021, saying that it was ‘very outdated’ at the time. She said: ‘I started off getting workmen to do the garage as the garage doors had been breeze blocked up. ‘I got them to take out the odd layout and had new garage doors added. ‘Then I’ve done the kitchen, snug, dining room, downstairs WC, hallway, and I’m currently doing the lounge. ‘I probably do a new room every two or three months. I don’t know what I’ll do when I have no more rooms to decorate.’ While Zoe, from Telford, does love pastels, she emphasises that there’s more to decor than just one colour palette. ‘I’m not solely drawn to pastels, I like a multitude of tones,’ she said. ‘I don’t want to be put in an interiors “box”. There really is no scientific formula to my choice of colours other than that I choose whatever makes my heart sing. ‘It has to be said that pink and blue are the colours I’m drawn to the most. ‘All of the transformations have made an impact as the house hadn’t been redecorated for many years previously. ‘There was a lot of décor from the nineties, so any paint was going to modernise the space. ‘I’ve learnt how to use more power tools since living here, like cutting wooden shelves to fit using a jigsaw. ‘My dad helps me with my DIY projects when needed, but I do try to stay as independent as possible, and I like learning new skills. ‘I’ve also learnt how to put screws into the dreaded plasterboard, that was quite a shock when I first moved in and my screws would just fall out.’ So far, the kitchen, downstairs toilet, garage, one bedroom and the hallway have all been worked on, and Zoe is planning out the other bedrooms and the main bathroom next. ‘The biggest was the kitchen as it cost the most money and was the hardest to arrange with workmen,’ she said. ‘Splitting the costs out, it would roughly be £13,000 on the kitchen, £7,000 on the garage, £1,000 on the WC and the rest just adding decor and furnishings I think. ‘My favourite transformation is the downstairs WC. We added a stud wall to hide the pipes, ripped out the panelling out and replaced it with blue tiles, and added a handmade pink sink frame and gorgeous Tiger wallpaper. ‘I painted the snug myself and added a mural wallpaper. ‘Most rooms upstairs need redecorating. I’ve only managed my eight-year-old son’s bedroom so far, so I will need to do my five-year-old daughter’s bedroom next. ‘When the finances become available the main bathroom needs to be fully replaced.’ Zoe began posting about her home projects during lockdown when there was precious little else to do. ‘Like a lot of other interior accounts, I was stuck in lockdown and just started taking photos of my cute homewares,’ she said. ‘Then I added posts about doing up cheap second-hand furniture. Now I talk mainly about my style of interiors and how adding colour to your home can bring you so much joy. ‘I’ve had an extremely positive reaction – I don’t recall having anyone criticise my style. ‘Even if they did, I wouldn’t care. It’s my house and my family loves it.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Your step-by-step DIY guide to tiling walls MORE : How to re-grout a shower MORE : Woman gives bedroom a complete DIY makeover for just £250