Ukraine has ‘likely won the battle of Kharkiv’, analysts have said, as Russian troops continue to withdraw from the country’s second-largest city. The Institute for the Study of War (ISW), which produces daily reports about Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, says Moscow’s forces have been pushed back from the city in northeastern Ukraine. The ISW adds that it is ‘likely’ Russia’s military will withdraw from the region as Vladimir Putin focuses his efforts further south. Yesterday’s ISW report said: ‘The Russian military has likely decided to withdraw fully from its positions around Kharkiv City in the face of Ukrainian counter offensives and the limited availability of reinforcements. ‘Russian units have generally not attempted to hold ground against counter attacking Ukrainian forces over the past several days, with a few exceptions.’ In a video address on Friday, Volodymyr Zelensky said: ‘The gradual liberation of the Kharkiv region proves that we will not leave anyone to the enemy.’ The Ukrainian President said his countrymen are doing their ‘maximum’ to drive out the invaders and that the outcome of the war would depend on support from Europe and other allies. ‘No one today can predict how long this war will last,’ he added. Ukraine’s general staff said the Russians were pulling back from the northeastern city of Kharkiv and focusing on guarding supply routes, while launching mortar, artillery and airstrikes in the eastern Donetsk region in order to ‘deplete Ukrainian forces and destroy fortifications’. Russia’s offensive in the Donbas appeared to be turning into a village-by-village, back-and-forth slog with no major breakthroughs on either side. After failing to capture Kyiv, Ukraine’s capital, the Russian military decided to concentrate on the Donbas, the country’s eastern industrial heartland, but its troops have struggled to gain ground. Mr Zelensky said his forces made progress, retaking six Ukrainian towns or villages in the past day. Western officials said Ukraine had driven Russian forces back around Kharkiv, which was a key target for Moscow’s troops. One said: ‘The Russians really haven’t made much in the way of tactical gains recently. ‘The Ukrainians continue to launch counterattacks, particularly around Kherson and Kharkiv. We expect this to settle into a long attritional battle.’ In the ruined southern port of Mariupol, Ukrainian fighters holed up in a steel plant faced continued Russian attacks on the last stronghold of resistance in the city. Sviatoslav Palamar, deputy commander of Ukraine’s Azov Regiment, said his troops will hold out ‘as long as they can’ despite shortages of ammunition, food, water and medicine. And in Kyiv, Ukrainian soldiers dressed in white protective suits loaded bodies of Russian soldiers onto refrigerated train cars. The bodies were wrapped in white body bags and stacked several layers deep. Colonel Volodymyr Lyamzin, who supervised the operation, said several hundred bodies were being stored on the trains in the capital and in several other storage trains elsewhere. He said Ukraine was ready to hand the bodies over to Russia, but so far there was no agreement to do so. Elsewhere, journalists packed a small courtroom in Kyiv on Friday for the trial of a captured Russian soldier accused of killing a Ukrainian civilian in the early days of the war — the first of dozens of war crimes cases the country’s top prosecutor said her office is pursuing. Shyshimarin could get life in prison if convicted of shooting a 62-year-old Ukrainian man in the head through an open car window in a village in the northeastern Sumy region on February 28, four days into the invasion. The 21-year-old, a member of a tank unit that was captured by Ukrainian forces, admitted that he shot the civilian in a video posted by the Security Service of Ukraine, saying he was ordered to do so. The trial, which resumes Wednesday, will be closely watched by international observers to ensure its fairness. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.