Summer’s here and we’re going on it. Saturday afternoon raving at Secretsundaze, rooftop drinking at Wagtail, cocktail masterclassing at the Properly Improper Society, judging croquetas (and to judge them, you have to eat them, right?) and cheering on the UK’s Sam Ryder at a Eurovision party that looks like getting totally out of hand. Warm weather brings it out in us. At last, we have a Eurovision song we can be truly proud of – how great is Sam Ryder? How great is Space Man? – which means we can throw ourselves whole-heartedly into a Eurovision Song Contest extravaganza. Lucky for us, there is such a thing at the Everyman in Broadgate hosted by LGBTQ+ platform Gay Times and Skittles, the sweeties that always support Pride! Between them they are taking over the screen for the showing of the Contest with a special after-party with food and drink and flirting and performances and giveaways and maybe even an impromptu rendition of the greatest ever Eurovision-winning song Euphoria by Lorena. Oh, you prefer Ding Ding A Dong by Teach In? Saturday, 1 Finsbury Avenue, EC2, free with a £10 donation to Switchboard Freshen up your look while your ride gets fly (why are we talking like this?). We’re getting into mode for heycar’s Shoreditch Care Wash pop-up… where you’ll get down to some radical hot beats with live sets from So Fresh So Clean LDN DJs – and Fat Tony – while you’re at it (we can’t stop ourselves!) Basically, heycar, which is an online car marketplace, is transforming the American Carwash in Shoreditch into a beauty bar, meaning you can get your car valeted while you get pampered with a hair trim or a mini-facial or a make-up make-over while you rock out to those big beats… Somebody stop us! Friday to Sunday, American Carwash, 35 Great Eastern Street, EC2A You know us, always up for a challenge so when we heard about the Croquetas Challenge we were in up to our elbows. The challenge being set by Salt Yard Group is to find London’s best croqueta (we’ve always called them ‘croquettes’ but we don’t mind a bit of Spanishification) and with two remaining heats on 17th and 24th May, the likes of London Shell Co., Opera Tavern, Wright Brothers and Mamma Pastrana will be slugging it out to deep-fry the finest golden morsels – smoked lamb and spiced labneh or caramel apple pie with cinnamon sugar? – for us to judge alongside the professionals (there are professionals in the world of croquetas?). It all sounds deliciously calorific. Various locations, £30 per person What wouldn’t you give to be on the gorgeous, lush mountainous island of Madeira right now? Staying at the five-star VidaMar Resort Hotel in Funchal in a double room, settling in for seven whole days of island paradise having flown in for free and finding yourself on half-board to boot, meaning all you have to do is sort out lunch because breakfast and dinner in one of their five restaurants is laid on… Sounds absolutely great, right? Legendary hikes, whale-watching, sea, sun, stunning Madeira wine, and not necessarily all in that order! Well, guess what?  This can all be yours –  for free! That’s right, all you simply must do (apart from win, obvs!) is enter our fabulous competition, by signing up to Metro’s amazing travel Newsletter, The Getaway. There’s something about the term ‘Properly Improper’ that really appeals to us. Especially when it’s connected to a three-day celebration of all things avant-garde  AND drinking. What a dream team! It’s all part of Brockmans premium gin’s mini-festival in Soho where they’re promising properly improper performances (and if you’re going to be improper anywhere, Soho is your spot), cocktail masterclasses, even if we do think there’s no room for improvement on our drinking of cocktails (oh, actually, they mean making them as well), music, DJs, comedians, spoken word. And cocktails made with gin that comes from the most beautiful bottle! All this in a specially kitted out four-room space with an amazing bar. Where do we sign? From tomorrow (Thursday) May 19-21 With the weather doing what the weather is doing at the moment, there’s nothing quite like a daytime rave that takes you from afternoon all through the night, which is why it’s such great news that Secretsundaze summer season (quite the tongue-twister!) is back to celebrate 20 years in the ass-shaking business. Kicking off its disco/funky techno thang this coming *check notes* Saturday (yes, we know you’d think it would be a Sunday… well, you’ll finish on Sunday) with a line-up of only the coolest DJs – Jeremy Underground, Galcher Lustwerk, Shy One, Jonny Rock, Bianca Lexis – it has a terrace area overseen by Macca & Lupini. Just don’t wear those new white trainers… From 2pm, Saturday, Oval Space, 29-32 The Oval, Bethnal Green, E2 When the weather is this good, you can never have enough rooftop bars so we welcome the opening of a brand new, 360-degree, erm, rooftop with open arms and thirsty mouths! It comes courtesy of Corrigan’s Philip Kearney and Aqua’s Angelos Bafas in a space offering up highly Instagrammable skyline vistas taking in London Bridge, The Shard, Tower Bridge, St. Paul’s and Monument. Broken into three spaces, you have The Bar at the Wagtail up on the roof, which is self-explanatory, The Restaurant at Wagtail downstairs and even a private dining room, which seats six people and which would be perfect for big birthday dinners, especially after cocktails on the roof (what are we? Party planners now?). Metro.co.uk has already been to have a sneaky peek – here’s what we thought! From tomorrow, 68 King William Street, EC4 Do you love fish but are a bit iffy when it comes to actually cooking it? Yeah, us too, which is why we’ve signed ourselves up for The Sea, The Sea Hackney’s Seafood School, where they reckon they will give us a unique insight into cooking fish and seafood in general, the importance of zero waste (we’re not eating no fish faces!) and some hands-on skills, even though our fish-cooking skills extend only to a fish finger sarnie when hungover. Located in those cool arches in Haggerston, we’re expecting to pick up all the right tips across four different classes as we quaff our welcome drink, learn how to talk to fishmongers and enjoy a three-course lunch with wine. Saturdays, Arch 337 Acton Mews, E8 Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A sneak peek at Wagtail, London’s latest rooftop bar with stunning views of the city MORE : Cheese identifying app helps you to tell your gouda from your gruyère with just one picture MORE : These are the best bargain wines for the start of summer 