The Platinum Jubilee is just around the corner and if you’re hosting people for the event, you might be planning some recipes that Her Majesty would approve of. And top of the list has to be a classic English scone. But if you want to give your scone a little more finesse for the occasion, we have just the recipe for you. Olympic diver Tom Daley, in partnership with British Lion Eggs, has come up with a scone recipe with a twist  – featuring blue cheese, spring onions and an egg mayo. The recipe takes just 10 minutes of preparation time and 15 minutes of cooking time, so they can be easily whipped up ahead of the bank holiday. They’re great alongside other picnic snacks or as a part of an afternoon tea – particularly with a cuppa. The recipe for these savoury treats can be found below. Ingredients: Ingredients or the scones: Ingredients for the egg mayonnaise: Method: 1. Preheat the oven to 230C/210 Fan/Gas Mark 8. Line a large baking tray with baking parchment. Mix the flour, baking powder, bicarbonate of soda, salt and sugar into a medium mixing bowl until combined. Add the butter. Using your fingertips rub the butter into the flour mixture until it resembles breadcrumbs. 2. Stir in the blue cheese and spring onions. Combine the milk and egg in a jug and add to the bowl. Mix together until just combined. 3. Drop heaped spoonfuls of the mixture onto the prepared tray (around 2 heaped tbsp, piled on top of each other as they spread when cooking) and bake in the oven for 10-15 minutes until golden and risen. Leave to cool. 4. Meanwhile, bring water to a boil in a medium saucepan. Add the eggs and boil for 10 minutes. Drain under cold water to cool, then place into a bowl with the mayonnaise. Mash together using a fork, then stir through the herbs and season to taste. 5. To serve, slice the scones in half with a serrated knife and pile the egg mayo on the bottom half before topping with the lid. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Asparagus season is upon us – chefs share three easy recipes to try MORE : Inspired by the Platinum Jubilee Trifle? This is how to make a pineapple, lime and coconut version MORE : A free pop-up corgi photo studio is coming to London for the Queen’s Jubilee