There’s nothing like reading a book that leaves you hooked, thinking and feeling. From romances that tug at your heartstrings to thrillers that keep you on your toes, there are all kinds of books we might wish we had the experience of picking up again for the first time. Perhaps it was the twist you didn’t see coming, or the perfect ending you wish you could relive. Reading a book with fresh eyes is a delight like no other – especially when you enjoy a style of writing that resonates and ‘gets you’. We spoke to a mix of book industry experts about the books they wish they could pick up brand new again, if they had to narrow it to just one. Take inspiration from their picks below – you might just find your next unputdownable read. Get it for £8.99. ‘Everyone talks about Markus Zusak’s The Book Thief (and rightly so, it is fantastic), but I truly don’t think it comes close to Bridge of Clay. ‘An evocation of youth, grief, and sibling relationships unlike anything else I have ever read, I think of it and recommend it often. ‘If you have siblings, particularly brothers, you must read this book. The fact that it was a decade in the making, and that he came incredibly close to casting it aside, unfinished, is almost unspeakable. ‘What a loss to contemporary literature that would have been.’ – Lily, Hatchards Get it for £8.99. ‘I frequently wish I could read Laini Taylor’s Strange the Dreamer again for the first time, as that fateful first read got me out of an academia-induced reading slump. ‘Her prose is so lyrical and beautifully constructed, and the fantasy worldbuilding is so rich in detail; half the fun of reading it the first time was building an image of the city of Weep and the characters in my head. ‘It was the perfect escapism.’ – Lucy Jakes, Waterstones Get it for £8.99. ‘I first read this funny, sexy, brilliantly written coming-of-age novel when I pinched it from my mum’s bookshelf as a teenager. ‘I am jealous of anyone who hasn’t yet had the pleasure of reading it and I am so happy to see it back in print in this 40th anniversary edition.’ – Jack, Daunt Books Get it for £9.99. ‘I would love to be able to able to read afresh the first of O’Brian’s Jack Aubrey novels and be a privileged spectator again at the very beginning of a literary friendship whose portrayal ranks amongst the finest in English literature, bathed in warmth and humour and fine-grained historical detail.’ – Brett, Daunt Books Get it for £7.49. ‘I would love to read The Appeal by Janice Hallet again for the first time. ‘It’s an utterly original and ingenious novel where the reader plays the role of a lawyers, tasked with going through a number of documents, including emails, texts, and voicemails, to solve a murder which occurred at a small town’s amateur dramatics theatre group. ‘I had the most fun reading this novel which twists and turns in unexpected and fiendishly clever ways that you never see coming. ‘I would love to be able to solve the mystery myself for the first time again.’ – Gaby, Waterstones Get it for £8.99. ‘I would love to read One Day by David Nicholls again for the first time. ‘It’s a novel that is so incredibly bittersweet to re-read so I’d love to read it with the optimism and excitement that I did the first time round (and then be inevitably heartbroken!).’ – Hope, Waterstones Get it for £8.19. ‘I would love the exquisite pleasure of discovering for the first time Lionel Davidson’s great thriller Kolymsky Heights. ‘I know it would seem all over again a practically perfect example of its genre. ‘Set largely in a vividly evocative Siberia, a landscape entirely imagined from his writing desk, Kolymsky Heights was Davidson’s fifth book, first published in 1994 when he was 72. ‘Proof positive that you never know as a writer when you will hit your full creative stride.’ – John, Whitefox This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to build your own floating alcove book shelves MORE : These are the best books to read about the environment and climate change MORE : Biff, Chip and Kipper book pulled from shelves for ‘teaching racist stereotypes’