Channing Tatum has a brand new look and we are absolutely here for it. The actor might be best-known for appearing in the likes of Step Up, Magic Mike and 21 Jump Street, but he has branched out in his career in more ways than one. As well as acting, Channing is now the proudly published author of a series of children’s picture books – with the first being adapted into a live-action movie. The father-of-one made his debut as an author last year with the release of The One And Only Sparkella, a sweet story about the love between a father and his young daughter. Based on his own daughter, eight-year-old Everly, the character Sparkella loves nothing more than tutus, fairy wings, glitter and imagination – and Channing has embraced it all. The star took to Instagram on Wednesday where he held a copy of the next installment of the Sparkella series, and was dressed in a simply gorgeous blue and pink tutu and sparkly headband. Behind him is a children’s fairy princess tower, complete with a purple sign bearing the name Sparkella. In a caption alongside the genuinely brilliant snap, Channing wrote: ‘PRIME-TIME IS SHINE TIME!!! @sparkella is coming to life with a live-action movie!’ The picture book is being adapted for screen by acclaimed screenwriter Pamela Ribon, who was behind the likes of Moana and Ralph Breaks The Internet. Channing’s second book in the Sparkella series, Sparkella Makes A Plan, is set to be released on May 31. Everly is Channing’s only child, whom he shares with ex-wife Jenna Dewan. The pair met as co-stars in 2006 and were married for almost nine years before announcing their split in 2018. He is now in a relationship with 32-year-old Zoë Kravitz, and the pair are supposedly done hiding. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Lost City’s Sandra Bullock and Channing Tatum hail ‘unexpected and brilliant’ Daniel Radcliffe MORE : Jason Momoa and Channing Tatum hit New York City for family dinner with Zoë Kravitz ahead of The Batman premiere 