Porridge and Going Straight actress Patricia Brake has died at the age of 79. Her son, Jon McBain, announced the news on Twitter, saying that she had died ‘after a long battle with cancer’ on Saturday May 28. Her agent Scott Marshall Partners later shared the news, writing in a statement on social media: ‘It is with great sadness that we announce the death of our client and well-loved stage and TV actress, Patricia Brake, at the age of 79, after a very long battle with cancer.’ Brake had performed in many popular programmes over her 60-year career, including in recurring roles on soaps Coronation Street, Emmerdale and EastEnders. However, she was perhaps best known for playing Ingrid, the daughter of Ronnie Barker’s character Norman Stanley Fletcher in hit sitcom Porridge. She later reprised the role in Going Straight, alongside cast members Richard Beckinsale and Nicholas Lyndhurst. Over the years, Brake worked with world-renowned comedians Barker and Ronnie Corbett, known as The Two Ronnies, along with duo Eric Morecambe and Ernie Wise. In the late 1970s she was also seen every Saturday night as Eth in The Glums. Throughout her career other TV roles numbered Midsomer Murders, as well as the BBC’s Doctors, Holby City and Casualty. Her earliest TV credits included Home Tonight in 1961, as well as Lorna Doone in  1963. Her last role saw her took on the part of a rape victim in 2021 ITV drama Manhunt, opposite Martin Clunes. She also appeared in Nick Frost’s paranormal investigator comedy Truth Seekers last year. Born in Bath, Brake studied at the Bristol Old Vic Theatre School and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1962, where she played Hermia in Peter Hall’s A Midsummer Night’s Dream, alongside Dame Judi Dench and Dame Diana Rigg. Brake was married twice, first to Robert McBain and then to Michael Kennedy, and is survived by her children from her first marriage, Hannah, Jon and Angus, as well as step-children and grandchildren. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Damian Lewis ‘to receive CBE for charity work in Queen’s Birthday Honours’ MORE : EastEnders star Danny Dyer promises an exit ‘people will talk about’ for Mick as he hints at Christmas departure 