An outbreak of monkeypox in Spain has been linked to a super-spreader event at a sauna in Madrid. Enrique Ruiz Escudero, the region’s health chief, told reporters on Friday that most of the country’s 30 cases have been traced back to a single venue in the capital. The UK confirmed 11 new cases of monkeypox on Friday, more than doubling the total to 20. Globally, 127 cases have been reported in 11 countries, according to John Brownstein, professor of medicine at the Harvard Medical School in the US, who is keeping track of cases. The UK Health Security Agency has said a notable proportion of recent cases here and in Europe have been found in men who self-identified as gay, bisexual or men who have sex with men Portugal detected a further nine cases on Friday, taking its total to 23. The previous 14 were all found in gay, bisexual and other men who have sex with men. In Belgium, three cases have also been linked to a fetish festival in Antwerp, The Telegraph reports. The Darklands Festival, which describes itself as a place where ‘various tribes in the gay fetish community (leather, rubber, army, skinhead, puppies…) come together to create a unique spectacle of fetish brotherhood’, posted a message on its website reading: ‘There’s reason to assume that the virus has been brought in by visitors from abroad to the festival after recent cases in other countries.’ Monkeypox cases are usually found in West Africa, and the virus does not often spread elsewhere. That is why outbreaks reported across Europe, Canada, Australia and the United States have caused alarm among public health experts. The disease, which was first discovered in monkeys, is usually mild but can cause severe illness in some cases. Symptoms of monkeypox include fever, headache, muscle aches, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. A rash can develop, often beginning on the face, which then spreads to other parts of the body including the genitals. It can look like chickenpox or syphilis, and scabs can form which then fall off. The incubation period of monkeypox is usually from six to 13 days but can range from five to 21 days. The cases in the UK are not all one cluster, with separate cases springing up that are unconnected. The first identified patient was a person who had returned from Nigeria but other cases are unrelated to travel, suggesting there is community transmission. A link was first drawn between gay men and monkeypox earlier in the week, with the UKHSA urging men who have sex with men to be alert to any new rashes or lesions on their body. Jimmy Whitworth, Professor of International Public Health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine (LSHTM), said the outbreak in the UK was ‘unprecedented’. He said: ‘There is a need to engage with the at-risk community of gay and bisexual men to ensure they know about the presence of this infection and report any sign and symptoms to health facilities. ‘Cases need to be identified, isolated and treated, either in hospital or at home, depending on severity and circumstances. ‘Close contacts need to be identified and monitored for signs of infection. Monkeypox is not very transmissible and with these measures the outbreak can be quickly brought under control.’ Professor Sir Peter Horby, director of the Pandemic Sciences Institute at Oxford University, said the spread of the virus outside of Central and West Africa was ‘an unusual situation’. Sir Peter told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘It’s transmitted by close person-to-person contact and, in the past, we have not seen it being very infectious. ‘What’s unusual about what we’re seeing now is that we’re seeing transmission occurring in the community in Europe and now in other countries, so it’s an unusual situation where we seem to have had the virus introduced but now have ongoing transmission within certain communities.’ Monkeypox is not normally a sexually-transmitted infection, but it can be passed on by direct contact during sex. It can also be spread through touching clothing, bedding or towels used by someone with the monkeypox rash, and through the coughs and sneezes of somebody with the infection. The UKHSA said monkeypox does not usually spread easily between people and the risk to the UK population remains low. Sir Peter said: ‘It would appear that there is some element of sexual transmission perhaps with just the very close contact between people and the skin lesions, because a large proportion of the current cases are being detected in gay and bisexual men. ‘So, it’s very important that we get the message across that if people have unusual skin lesions that they do seek attention quickly so that we can control this. ‘The important thing is that we interrupt transmission and this doesn’t become established in the human population in Europe.’ Dr Hans Kluge, the World Health Organisation (WHO) regional director for Europe, said: ‘As we enter the summer season in the European region, with mass gatherings, festivals and parties, I am concerned that transmission could accelerate, as the cases currently being detected are among those engaging in sexual activity and the symptoms are unfamiliar to many. ‘I would like to emphasise that individuals contracting monkeypox must not be stigmatised or discriminated against in any way. ‘Timely risk communication with the general public is important, and public health bodies should widely disseminate accurate and practical advice on prevention, diagnosis and treatment.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.