A jubilant Labour Party were seen celebrating as they seized power of Wandsworth council for the first time in 44 years. The loss of the authority in south-west London is a significant blow to the Conservatives due to its symbolic status. It was renowned for its low taxes and was reportedly Margaret Thatcher’s favourite council, as it turned blue in 1978 – the year before she was elected. A Labour source said: ‘Boris Johnson losing Wandsworth is monumental. This was the Tories’ jewel in the crown.’ Local Tory leaders have been quick to label the prime minister and the partygate scandal as a key issue during this year’s local elections. Ravi Govindia, outgoing leader of Wandsworth council, said: ‘Let’s not be coy about it, of course national issues were part of the dilemma people were facing.’ He told the BBC ‘inevitably other events have clouded the judgement of people in Wandsworth’ and admits people raised ‘the issue of Boris Johnson’ during the campaign. Mr Govindia added he has run the ‘most successful council’ for 11 years, which has cut council tax and frozen rent. ‘We have done exactly what the residents of Wandsworth wanted – to find that counts for nothing is a sad reflection of importance of local government not being recognised,’ he said. Labour snatched eight seats from the Tories to secure overall control of the council, for which 30 seats were required. London mayor Sadiq Khan, who was present at the count in Wandworth, tweeted: ‘A historic, joyous night for Labour as Wandsworth council goes red for the first time in 44 years. ‘This is a fantastic result for Wandsworth residents – who can now look forward to a cleaner, greener, more equal borough under the leadership of Councillor Simon Hogg.’ In a video he tweeted, Mr Khan can be heard saying: ‘Three words. Wandsworth, Labour, gains,’ as Labour supporters cheer. The new Labour leader of Wandsworth, Simon Hogg, suggested his party’s victory signalled ‘time for a change’ at the top of government. He promised to ‘build a compassionate council that truly listens, and keep that same low council tax’. ‘When we were calling around on voters we didn’t even have to raise partygate, we didn’t have to mention Boris Johnson,’ he added. ‘People have formed their own views on this Government, so I am afraid it is time for change at the top as well.’ It comes as the Tories have suffered a triple whammy of losses in London overnight, with Westminster council going to Labour for the first time ever and Barnet now also turning red. All eyes are on the seven key battlefields that could potentially flip party control. John Mallinson, leader of Carlisle City Council which will be replaced by the new Cumberland authority, told the BBC: ‘I think it is not just partygate, there is the integrity issue. ‘Basically I just don’t feel people any longer have the confidence that the Prime Minister can be relied upon to tell the truth.’ A Tory source conceded ‘we expect these elections to be tough’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.