Dermot O’Leary was left rather flustered after accidentally letting slip that Alison Hammond is currently ‘unavailable’, as they chatted about his recent birthday and Dermot praised his co-host as a ‘catch’. As they began the week together on This Morning, Alison asked after Dermot, who celebrated his 49th birthday last week and he shared his delight over her ‘generous’ gift, saying: ‘You’re not available anymore, are you, but if you were – jeez, what a catch!’ Alison then hit back with, ‘What do you mean I’m not available? I’m available!’ Clearly a bit befuddled, Dermot backtracked with his pal and declared: ‘She’s available! Well, let me tell you – she’s available.’ However, Alison, who recently celebrated 20 years on–screen, wasn’t letting him drop the subject, as she put him on the spot, asking: ‘Are you trying to say that I’m not available?’ ‘I don’t know! Now I’m really confused,’ he replied. ‘Am I not available? Is there someone in my life’, the 47-year-old Brummie mused out loud, causing Dermot to hesitatingly respond: ‘I think so?’ As Alison chastised him for ‘telling the whole world’, Dermot confessed: ‘I feel like I’ve gone down a rabbit hole…’ ‘You have done!’ she told him off, adding: ‘I love the way you out me.’ Alison then decided to change tack and confirmed the news herself. ‘Yeah, there is someone in my life, I’m going to tell everybody. There is a special somebody that I’m dating, so yes, it is a bit closed. But you know what, I want to share it with them.’ ‘Well, it’s just as well after what I’ve just done,’ quipped Dermot, head in his hands. Alison wasn’t letting him get away with it either, complaining that I ‘literally tell you once and then you tell everybody!’ As Dermot said that he ‘forgets’ there on TV sometimes, Alison added: ‘You’ve got to be proud of your other half – your partner – so yeah, I have got somebody, guys.’ Alison was previously married to Noureddine Boufaied, the father of her 17-year-old son Aiden. In 2020, Alison was also briefly involved with Ben Kusi through TV show Celebs Go Dating. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker confirms Channel 5 start date following BBC Breakfast exit MORE : Love Island 2022 line-up: From first-ever deaf contestant Tasha Ghouri to Welsh student Liam Llewellyn 