The final day of the Premier League season is almost here with drama guaranteed at both ends of the table. Manchester City take a one point lead into their final game of the campaign against Aston Villa with Liverpool praying for some divine intervention from their old skipper Steven Gerrard. Jurgen Klopp’s side meanwhile host Wolves at Anfield. Arsenal’s top four capitulation appears to have handed the final Champions League qualification spot to Tottenham. Spurs take on already relegated Norwich knowing a point should be enough. Arsenal must win at Everton, who secured their Premier League survival midweek. At the bottom of the table, one of Burnley and Leeds United will be heading to the Championship. Both sides sit on 35 points separated on goal difference. Betfair Ambassador Dimitar Berbatov has had a look at the final round of fixtures and given us his predictions… Well, it’s not been a great season for United, they have a big rebuild in the summer and I hope they use this final game to end the season on a positive note. Palace have been impressive in matches under Patrick Vieira and they can cause Untied a few problems. Prediction 1-2. Betfair Exchange odds: Crystal Palace 2/1, Draw 11/4, Man United 11/8 After Everton’s result the other night, the pressure is off them, what a relief that will be for them. Arsenal have to win to put pressure on Spurs for top four and I can see them getting the result against Everton in this one. Prediction 2-0. Betfair Exchange odds: Arsenal 4/11, Draw 9/2, Everton 9/1 Both teams don’t have anything to play for, with Watford relegated they will be playing with no pressure and they could have a go at Chelsea. But, I think Thomas Tuchel’s side will have too much for them, but I’m hoping for an entertaining one given both sides are free to play without any pressure. Prediction 3-2. Betfair Exchange odds: Chelsea 2/11, Draw 8/1, Watford 20/1 Both Leicester and Southampton have had an up and down season. I think Leicester will be disappointed not to challenge for the European spots so they will be looking to regroup in summer. Both teams can play freely and I can see this being a high scoring draw. Prediction 2-2. Betfair Exchange odds: Leicester 4/5, Draw 100/30, Southampton 16/5 Oh my God, this is an absolutely massive game for Leeds. They have to win, simple. When you have a clear direction you know what you have to do and you just have to get the job done. Brentford have had a great first season in the Premier League and they will be looking to end it how they started. Honestly, this is really difficult, but given how important this is for Leeds, I’m going for them. Prediction 1-2. Betfair Exchange odds: Brentford 7/5. Draw 3/1, Leeds 2/1 Another absolutely massive match for Burnley. It’s them or Leeds, they have the advantage with the goal difference. They did really well in the week to go in front against Aston Villa and will be disappointed that they didn’t hang on. Newcastle are pushing for top ten and that will be an amazing achievement for them. This one is going to be tight. Prediction 1-1. Betfair Exchange odds: Burnley 11/8, Draw 13/5, Newcastle 12/5 Oh my God, what a story it will be if Steven Gerrard gets a result against City, he could finally win Liverpool the title. City had the chance to pretty much wrap things up last weekend against West Ham, and they drew, but I can’t see them letting this chance slip, they have to win and they are used to this situation, but it’s going to be tense and Villa could exploit the pressure on them. Prediction 3-1. Betfair Exchange odds: Man City 2/11, Draw 8/1, Aston Villa 19/1 Come on Spurs! Win and they are in the Champions League, that will be a great season. I’m routing for Son to join the club and become a Premier League top goalscorer, he has to score one to equal Salah, and two to go ahead of him. He can do it and secure Champions League football for Spurs in the process. Prediction 0-3. Betfair Exchange odds: Norwich 11/1, Draw 6/1, Spurs 1/4 I have enjoyed watching both of these teams this season, West Ham will want to secure Europa League football but Brighton will be looking to finish on a high. Whatever happens, both teams can be happy with what they have done this season and have a good platform to build on in the summer. Prediction 1-1. Betfair Exchange odds: Brighton 11/8, Draw 11/4, West Ham 11/5 This one is easy. Liverpool win. If they score early they can put pressure on City. Trust me, on the final day when there are other games going on you hear about what is happening, so they have a real chance. If Villa go in front then Anfield will be rocking. I can’t see anything other than a Liverpool win. Prediction 3-0. Betfair Exchange odds: Liverpool 2/11, Draw 15/2, Wolves 20/1 MORE : Jurgen Klopp sends message to Frank Lampard after Everton avoid Premier League relegation MORE : ‘Wash your mouth!’ – Richarlison blasts Liverpool legend Jamie Carragher after Everton secure Premier League safety For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 