Britney Spears’ fiancé Sam Asghari revealed the happy couple have finalised the details of their wedding with a set date –  but they’re not telling anyone when it is. The 28-year-old personal trainer popped the question to the pop star, 40, in September 2021, and has been praised by Britney for being supportive throughout her legal battles and the termination of her 13-year conservatorship. In honour of Sunday’s Mother’s Day celebrations, Sam gushed about his ‘fairytale’ relationship with the Toxic icon and ‘soon to be queen,’ with a picture of Britney showing off her engagement ring. Addressing their upcoming nuptials, he wrote: ‘Also the big day has been set! But nobody will know until the day after.’ Guess we’ll be keeping a close eye on their individual Instagram accounts then! Britney recently sent fans into a frenzy after she showed off her wedding veil on Instagram. Last month, the Stronger star made headlines around the world when she confirmed that she is expecting her third child – her first with fiancé Sam. In a lengthy post on Instagram, she announced: ‘I lost so much weight to go on my Maui trip only to gain it back… I thought “Geez … what happened to my stomach???” My husband said “No you’re food pregnant silly!!!” So I got a pregnancy test, and uhhhhh well … I am having a baby… ‘4 days later I got a little more food pregnant. It’s growing !!! If 2 are in there… I might just loose it…’ Sam later added on his own page: ‘Marriage and kids are a natural part of a strong relationship filled with love and respect. ‘Fatherhood is something I have always looked forward to and I don’t take lightly. It is the most important job I will ever do.’ The model also told BBC News that he and Britney had wanted to start a family for a long time, before her conservatorship was finally removed last November after 13 years, which Britney alleged prevented her from having any more children. ‘Yeah, I mean it should have happened three years ago,’ he explained. ‘To be honest with you, when you’re in a relationship with someone that you’re truly in love with, you want to recreate. So this is something that I want to do.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Britney Spears uses dog to hide her growing bump in latest nude photos and that’s got to be a first MORE : Drew Barrymore wants to interview Britney Spears on talk show after love-in and we need to make this happen 