A drink driver who killed a student after drinking 10 pints and getting behind the wheel has had his sentence cut. David Turner, 31, was jailed for seven years and six months after admitting to causing Gabriel Field’s death by dangerous driving in July 2020. However, after challenging his sentence at the Court of Appeal the time he will spend before bars and banned from driving has been reduced. Gabriel, 19, a Salford University student, who was living with his family in Kirkham, Lancashire during lockdown was killed when he was hit by Turner’s Audi on July 4. The teenager had spent the evening playing with his younger sister and gaming on his X-box. Shortly before 10pm he was walking to a local shop for snacks when he was mowed down by Turner as he lost control of the Audi he was driving. Turner’s vehicle left the road, mounted the pavement, destroyed a bench and hit a tree. Gabriel was thrown into the air and died instantly, the court heard. When police arrived at the scene they found Turner unconscious in the driver’s seat. A blood sample was taken for analysis, but when he regained consciousness he did not consent for it to be analysed. He gave no comment when questioned by police and would not hand over his mobile phone to help officers in their investigation. He also refused to consent to police accessing his hospital records or test his airbags for evidence to establish the speed his car was travelling when they went off. Investigators later found that at the point of impact, Turner was driving between 50 – 62mph and ‘most likely at the upper end of the bracket.’ The speed limit on Station Road, where the collision took place is 20mph. At the Court of Appeal, Turner’s barrister Russell Davies appealed his sentence on his behalf. He argued Turner should have been given a bigger discount to his sentence than the 25% he was given for indicating he would plead guilty when he appeared at Preston Magistrates Court. Mr Davies said an indication of a guilty plea at that stage should attract a 30% reduction in sentence because it spared Gabriel’s family the ordeal of a trial, as well as saving time and public money. But Bob Elias, prosecuting, argued an indication of a guilty plea had not been recorded unequivocally on the magistrates’ court committal papers. He said that because no pre-sentence report had been ordered at that stage, the indication of a guilty plea could not be taken as read. However, after considering both sets of evidence the Court of Appeal concluded a guilty plea was indicated in the magistrates’ court and decided to cut Turner’s sentence. Mrs Justice McGowan said: ‘We find, according to the indication that was given and on further investigation, that the crown court should have afforded the appellant a reduction of one third.’ Turner’s sentence was reduced to six years and eight months while his driving ban cut to five years and 40 weeks. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.