Jamie Lee Curtis shared a glimpse into her daughter’s unique cosplay wedding, as she married her partner Kynthia over the weekend. The Scream Queens star went all out for the celebrations, shunning a traditional mother of the bride outfit for something a little more in-keeping with Ruby’s costume-based wishes. Taking to Instagram, the 63-year-old – who revealed her daughter is trans last year – blessed fans with pictures from their big day, including a look at her World of Warcraft-themed look. We are truly not worthy of the screen icon. In one snap, she could be seen proudly posing beside the happy couple, with the caption reading: ‘WIFE IS SWEET! Ruby and Kynthia 5/29/2022.’ Another photo showed Ruby and Kynthia leaning in for a kiss in front of their guests, who were also decked out in incredible costumes, complete with rainbow-themed umbrellas to shield from the sun. ‘YES THEY DO AND DID! MARRIED! RUBY and KYNTHIA 5/29/2022,’ Jamie penned alongside the upload. The horror legend also managed to get a plug in for the upcoming Halloween movie, revealing that the lovebirds were forced to cut their wedding cake with a huge butcher knife. As you do. ‘YOU CAN’T MAKE THIS UP,’ she added. The ONLY thing left over at the end of this entire BEAUTIFUL wedding, after everything was taken away was this f’ing BUTCHER KNIFE they cut the tiramisu wedding cake with! ‘WIFE IS SWEET! @halloweenmovie 10🔪14🔪22.’ Maria Shriver led congratulatory messages to the happy couple, penning: ‘So happy for you and your family.’ ‘This looks like an absolute dream wedding and I hope they live happily ever after! Congratulations,’ a fan replied. As one commented: ‘Congratulations Ruby and Kynthia!! Love you both so much.’ An Instagram user added: ‘Hell yes! I love this! Congrats to them both!’ Jamie, who also served as host and officiant, previously spoke about her look for the big day during an appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live, explaining that her daughter would be having a cosplay celebration – meaning everyone on the guest list should be in costume. Despite probably having an entire wardrobe full of costumes, she decided to go one extra and announced she would be attending the ceremony as Jaina Proudmoore, a character from World Of Warcraft. However, she admitted that she wasn’t that familiar with the character and confessed that Ruby picked out her outfit. ‘Her name is Jaina Proudmoore. It’s from – anybody here know what that is? It’s a game,’ she told the presenter. ‘I don’t know, it’s a game. She’s an admiral…’ Never change, Jamie… Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Andre and wife Emily not taking kids on half-term holiday as ‘flights are too expensive’ MORE : Bradley Cooper has fans doing double take as he unveils wild Leonard Bernstein transformation for new biopic 