The UK’s first city mayor to declare a climate emergency has been blasted for flying 4,600 miles to Canada, to give a 14-minute speech about cutting CO2 emissions. Bristol mayor Marvin Rees took a nine-hour flight to Vancouver to tell leaders at a TED conference how they can help tackle the climate crisis. The Labour politician’s talk was later made ­available for people to watch online. Mr Rees — who last year, amid much fanfare, vowed to make his city ­carbon neutral by 2025 — told ­delegates mayors were ‘leading beyond their authority’ and ­influencing global policies on cutting carbon emissions. But climate campaigners Flight Free say his trip from Bristol to Vancouver and back would have emitted 2.7 tons of carbon dioxide. Flight Free UK director Anna Hughes, said: ‘Bristol was the first place in the UK to declare a climate emergency, yet the mayor is acting completely at odds with this declaration. ‘Faced with such a precarious climate situation, we need our leaders to demonstrate the kind of action we should all be taking, not flying to another continent to speak, ironically, about the climate emergency.’ She added: ‘Actions always speak louder than words, and in this post-pandemic age of online interactions, it would have been a much more powerful and effective statement to appear on screen.’ Mr Rees gave the talk in April, but it was only made available to watch online this week. During his speech, Mr Rees drew upon work being done in Bristol to tackle climate change. He also discussed how city mayors worldwide could step up and make a difference. Mr Rees said in the speech: ‘I believe there’s huge hope in our cities. ‘Cities are responsible for around 75% of CO2 emissions, and we’re also prodigious emitters of nitrogen dioxide and methane. And cities consume 80% of the world’s energy. ‘But it’s the characteristics of cities – their reach, size, density, close proximity of the leadership to the people, their adaptability, and their capacity for reinvention – that mean we can actually plan to manage those numbers.’ Mr Rees spoke of the push for net-zero homes, a step back from car dependency and the bid to make Bristol as ‘efficient’ as possible. When contacted, the mayor’s office explained he had not travelled solely for the 14-minute presentation. A spokesperson said: ‘He has been clear – the fight against climate change will be won or lost in cities, which generate three-quarters of global carbon emissions. ‘And it is therefore the duty of city leaders to come together, lobby for change and influence each other to make a collective impact. ‘The mayor’s visit to Vancouver was not just to deliver the talk. He had a full agenda. ‘At the conference he was able to network with other influential speakers, sharing Bristol’s story and challenges with the aim of attracting future funding and inward investment.’ Earlier this month, Bristolians voted to abolish the ­position of elected mayor in a referendum. Mr Rees will keep his job until 2024 but will not be replaced. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.