Netflix has dropped the trailer for Jennifer Lopez’s Halftime documentary, which looks to be a dramatic and emotional ride. The 52-year-old singer is seen in tears in one scene, reacting to being snubbed for an Oscars nomination for her role in Hustlers, while elsewhere she responds to being asked: ‘How do you feel about your butt?’ Ben Affleck also features in the trailer, addressing the media backlash around his fiancé, as he says: ‘And I said to her once, “doesn’t this bother you?” And she said, “I expected this.”‘ The star is seen under pressure from her early days rising to fame, as the intimate feature-film will reminisce on her ‘multifaceted career and the pressure of life in the spotlight,’ according to the synopsis. In the trailer, the Get Right singer is heard emotionally revealing: ‘It was hard. I just had a very low self esteem. ‘I had to really figure out who I was, and believe in that and not believe in anything else,’ J-Lo says. Later, she adds: ‘I do this to connect with people and make them feel things. I want something real!’ The documentary – which is set to kick off the 2022 Tribeca Festival on June 8 – will also centre around the momentous year in which the fashionista turned 50. 2019 was a big year for Miss Lopez, not only did she celebrate the big milestone, but it also marked the release of her hit film Hustlers – which she received a Golden Globe nomination for – and the revival of her iconic plunging Versace jungle dress from the 2000 Grammys at Milan Fashion Week. While she earned rave reviews for her performance as stripper Ramona and was predicted an Oscars, J-Lo acutally missed out on a nomination for best supporting actress, with Kathy Bates (Richard Jewell), Laura Dern (Marriage Story), Scarlett Johansson (Jojo Rabbit), Florence Pugh (Little Women) and Margot Robbie (Bombshell) landing the nominations. The trailer also teases behind the scenes snippets of J-Lo rehearsing for her iconic 2020 Super Bowl performance, a week before the Oscars. Halftime premieres on Netflix on June 14. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘I want something real’: Jennifer Lopez drops fresh teaser for Halftime documentary ahead of Netflix debut MORE : Jennifer Lopez takes us back in time with incredible throwback video of herself and Ben Affleck from their original romance 