It’s the best time of year to do a garden transformation – the weather is better, but there’s still plenty of summer left to enjoy the fruits of your labour. One couple completely transformed their garden using DIY for just £200 – saving them a massive £1,800. Emma Hartgrove-Tubby, 36, a beauty therapist, and Steve Hartgrove-Tubby, 38, a scaffolder, wanted to make changes to their outdoor space without spending a fortune. The couple, who live in Harleston, had old scaffolding boards and used them to build a U-shaped outdoor sofa, decking and coffee table. They added the finishing touches to the area with paint and accessories. Emma told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: ‘My hubby Steve and I have been saving desperately to buy our own house in the next couple of years which is extremely tough as the property market is through the roof. ‘In order to save we are on a very tight budget, saving every spare penny we have. ‘We are lucky our landlords are very good to us and let us do what we would like to make a house a home. ‘Because we look after it well they keep the rent low for us, but I’m also very aware this is not our own home so we don’t want to spend silly amounts when we could be saving. ‘Because we are on a tight budget it means we are entertaining more at home, especially through the summer months. ‘I said to my husband I’d love a U-shaped sofa. ‘These were about £2,000, which I did not want to dip into the savings for, so I suggested he built one out of scaffolding boards.’ Next she started searching online for inspiration, and two days later Steve had used the images to put it all together. Steve’s boss was kind enough to give him scaffolding boards for free, then he spent his free time assembling them. ‘We bought some wood for £20 and built a frame, so we had something to attach the boards to and take the weight. ‘The decking he built out of pallets about eight years ago had rotted so I pulled it up and hubby built the new one. ‘He built the frame, the decking and the coffee table, and I did the rest. ‘I wanted a boho style for a relaxing feel and for when I have friends over and parties in the summer.’ They first went shopping for accessories and settled on a rug for £10, a fire pit for £25, some mirrors for £3.99 each, and large planters for £10 each. To top it off, Emma’s dad donated some plants to fill the space. Emma continued: ‘We both have very busy lives with our children, my daughter does dance and my son plays for Harleston youth football club and he’s also in Norwich City elite football, and he’s recently started boxing. ‘I work part-time as a beauty therapist and I like to train in the gym weightlifting five times a week and my hubby is a member of the golf club, so when we are all together as a family our time is so precious together. ‘We now have a lovely area where we can relax together. I’m so happy it’s made our little garden perfect! ‘When we move I want to take it with us too. ‘In total, it cost about £200 with the paint, cushions, fire pit and accessories. ‘You can do anything when you put your mind to it. ‘We are absolutely made up that we have saved approximately £1,800. ‘It means we are one step closer to getting our forever home as the money we have saved has gone into the house fund. ‘We are excited to be hosting our first party at the weekend!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your step-by-step DIY guide to making curtains MORE : DIY mum spends just £30 and 24 hours giving her bathroom a total makeover MORE : Thrifty mum gives bathroom DIY makeover for just £79