Two pilots whose plane lost contact with air traffic control over the English Channel weren’t qualified to fly in clouds, investigators say. Brain Statham and Lee Rogers were flying from Wellesbourne Mountford Airfield to Le Touquet airport, northern France, on the morning of Saturday, April 2. The duo, with more than 20 years’ piloting experience between them, travelling in one of seven planes in a club ‘fly out’ with the South Warwickshire Flying school. Neither of them were qualified to use the instruments of the Piper Cherokee Arrow II, G-EGVA designed to deal with disorientating weather conditions. They were operating under ‘visual flight rules’ – a set of regulations assuming you can clearly see what’s happening in front of you. The pair are said to have entered cloud over the Channel, and then contact was lost with them 20 nautical miles west of Le Touquet shortly before 9.20am. Warwickshire Police previously said the pair encountered ‘freak weather conditions’ over the Channel. However, accident investigators said ‘the cloud was forecast’ and seen by the pilots from several miles away, and that there was ‘sufficient time’ to turn around if they had to. The plane descended and then climbed with investigators believing the pair may have been trying to avoid the cloud. At the last point of contact, it turned and descended at a speed of more than 100 mph, where it is believed to have crashed into the Channel. A special bulletin issued by Air Accident Investigation Board on May 13 said: ‘It is not possible to know the pilots’ intentions but these changes in altitude might have been an attempt to avoid cloud.’ It said that after reaching 7,000 ft, they were unable to climb further due to controlled airspace above. Shortly afterwards radio transmission from the aircraft confirmed it had entered the clouds, and it is not known if this was unintentional. ‘It is possible that the occupants’ previous experience of flying through cloud without incident encouraged them to try to fly through it on this occasion,’ the bulletin added. A couple of minutes later, the plane was lost from radar, and it started to vary its direction and altitude before descending in a steepening right turn. The bulletin suggested severe turbulence and icing in cloud forecast for that day may have forced the aircraft off course. It said the speed and force at which the plane crashed, showed by radar data and a mangled seat that came loose, suggested it was unlikely the pilots had a chance to escape. The AAIB said it has investigated numerous accidents when control of an aircraft was lost after intentionally or inadvertently entering cloud . More than three quarters of pilots killed when they lost control in disruptive weather such as clouds weren’t qualified to use the instruments designed to deal with these conditions, according to the  Civil Aviation Authority. Despite search efforts by UK and French rescuers, neither the bodies of the two men, nor their aircraft have been found. But items from the plane have washed up on the French coastline, including a bag containing a flying licence of one of the pilots, logbook, other flight documents, a kneeboard and a crumpled passenger seat. Mr Statham, a former mechanic from Birmingham, ran a garage in the city’s Castle Vale area for more than 40 years. In a previous tribute, his family said: ‘Brian was one of the most caring, kind and honest men in the entire world. ‘He always put his family and friends first and never said no to fixing or helping with any problem he’d come across. ‘Brian was a larger than life character always living his life to the full. He will be sadly missed by all.’ Loved ones also paid their respects to co-pilot Mr Rogers, from Stratford, who worked in IT in Alcester. They said: ‘Anybody who knew Lee will testify to a larger-than-life character who lived life to the full, a man with a big heart and limitless generosity. ‘He will leave behind a large wake and will be missed greatly – not only by his family but his legion of friends and colleagues.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.