The boss of P&O Ferries’ parent company has praised the ‘amazing job’ it did in sacking 800 sailors on the spot without notice or consultation. Dubai-based DP World’s chief executive expressed irritation at the response to the incident in March, which has left the sailing company’s reputation in tatters. A number of its vessels were seized by the authorities in the weeks after the mass sacking, amid fears that the replacement workers – thought to be being paid less than the minimum wage – were not trained well enough to sail safely. Now Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem has suggested P&O had little option but to get rid of its entire seafaring workforce. Speaking to the Financial Times on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos, the chair and chief executive of DP World insisted it is too late to reverse the decision. ‘We said many times, [the UK government] can’t do anything now because [the P&O decision] is in the past,’ he said. ‘[P&O boss] Peter [Hebblethwaite] has done an amazing job because he managed to save the company instead of 3,000 people [being] out of a job’. Mr Sulayem hit out at the way the UK government turned on P&O following the incident and claimed the decision was taken by the P&O board without input from its Dubai parent. Politicians from across the political spectrum, unions and the public blasted the company, which is registered outside the UK for their conduct and disregarding British laws. They are said to have replaced the staff with foreign crews being paid £1.82 an hour. After the decision was taken, Mr Hebblethwaite claimed he was ‘incredibly sorry’ but refused to resign. Yet Mr Sulayem appeared unapologetic and said only one member of staff had rejected the terms offered so ‘nobody was hurt’. Suggesting the company would have collapsed unless the staff were let go, he continued: ‘The decision [the P&O board] made was their decision . . . I personally feel they were caught with a choice to make . . . I told them the decision was theirs . . . and we did not interfere and tell them what to do.’ Mr Sulayem also appeared to argue that the government was to blame for P&O’s actions, seemingly accusing them of a lack of support during the Covid crisis. But the company has faced widespread calls to pay back the roughly £10 million it received in furlough funds. Yet Mr Sulayem argued: ‘Had they [ministers] helped the company, it would have been a different situation.’ He also told the FT that the company has lobbied the government to enforce the minimum wage for seafarers docking in the UK, to avoid competitors gaining an advantage. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : P&O Ferries resume sailings for first time since mass sackings