Didn’t you hear? We are living through a vibe shift. As explained by The Cut writer Allison P. Davis, a ‘vibe shift’ occurs in fashion and culture because ‘sometimes things change, and a once-dominant social wavelength starts to feel dated.’ The shift we’re in at the moment is moving away from the Dyson Air-Wrapped, expensively-moisturised, kale smoothie-drinking, rise-and-grind mindset that dominated 2021. In it’s place, the ‘night luxe’ aesthetic is set to takeover. And it’s a large departure to what came before. Last year, we looked to influencers and #girlbosses to lead the way, and culture became obsessed with organisation and perfection, which paved the way for the ‘that girl’ TikTok trend in 2021. ‘That girl’ gets up everyday at 5am to go to the gym, she eats almost exclusively fruit and vegetables, uses a dozen skincare products infused with gold and the tears of the patriarchy, and even fits in meditation before exceeding her targets at work and dedicating her evenings to her successful side hustle. With nearly 4 billion views on TikTok, ‘that girl’ was a huge trend – but we’re now starting to see that the trend is ultimately unobtainable – and doesn’t leave a lot of room for having fun, either. But rejecting ‘that girl’ and the unattainable expectations that come with it doesn’t always mean that we want to go goblin mode and give up altogether. This is where ‘night luxe’ comes in: a glitzy, glittery and decadent aesthetic which, at its heart, is focussed on two things: having fun, and looking good while doing it. All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy, and while ‘that girl’ always encouraged us to be relentlessly ambitious, look towards the future, and work to become the best version of ourselves, ‘night luxe’ as an aesthetic and a mindset encourages us to live in the here and now and enjoy a life of leisure. As trend expert and forecaster ‘The Digi Fairy’ points out in a TikTok video, ‘night luxe’ is an aesthetic that focusses on ‘luxurious urban nightlife and the fashion that goes along with it.’ Although the start of the 2020s was derailed by the pandemic, the restrictions being lifted and nightlife beginning to return to how it was pre-pandemic means we’re now in the full swing of the Roaring Twenties 2.0. And it also just so happens that ‘the glitz and the glamour of the Roaring Twenties’ is one of the main visual influences of the ‘night luxe’ aesthetic, The Digi Fairy added in her TikTok. The good thing about ‘night luxe’ is that it’s easy to bring your own personality to it – but here’s a few guidelines. In terms of makeup, Glamour recommends ‘mesmerising eyeliner paired with velvety shadow’ as well as a light contour for that high-end look. Shimmer is also important, so feel free to dig out the highlighter for your cheekbones. Then, for your lips, go for a matte red, brown, or nude — but whatever you do, make sure its waterproof and doesn’t rub off while you’re sipping your martinis. The LBD seems to be another staple in the ‘night luxe’ wardrobe, but a decadent gown could work too — just make sure whatever dress you wear is either black or saturated with sequins (or both). And the same goes for your heels — although the higher the better. The most important part of the ‘night luxe’ aesthetic is jewellery: flashy, extra, statement silver jewellery. Whether it be a choker, necklace, anklet, or earrings, the ‘night luxe’ look isn’t complete without absurd silver jewellery topping it all off. MORE : Can you remove TikTok filters? MORE : Eurovision Song Contest teams up with TikTok for special partnership ahead of 2022 competition MORE : Instagram wants you to stop posting your TikToks on Reels