Austin Butler has revealed he ‘put his life on hold for two years to prepare for the role of Elvis Presley in Baz Luhrmann’s biopic celebrating the music legend. The 30-year-old actor said he studied the late icon so intensely he ‘fell down a rabbit hole of obsession’ in order to unearth his ‘humanity’ for the big screen. Speaking at a press conference at the Cannes Film Festival this week, Austin told reporters: ‘I basically put the rest of my life on pause for two years and I just absorbed everything possibly could. ‘I just went down the rabbit hole of obsession. And I broke down his life into periods of time where I could hear the differences in how his voice changed over the years and how his movement changed over the years and I spent two years studying, trying to find his humanity as best as I could through that.’ The Once Upon A Time in Hollywood star added that it was ‘tricky’ to separate the mythology from the real person, such was the legacy of the King of Rock ‘n’ Roll. ‘The tricky thing is you see Elvis as this icon, or as the wallpaper of society and finding a way to strip all of that away and find the very human nature of him that was deeper than all of that, that’s what was fascinating for me.’ He said he had placed ‘unrealistic expectations’ himself to bring Elvis to life, recalling: ‘When I first started, I put these unrealistic expectations onmyself that somehow, if I worked hard enough, I could make my faceidentical to Elvis’ face. And that my eyes would look exactly likeElvis’ eyes and you wouldn’t be able to tell the difference.’ All his hard work and dedication seem to have paid off as the actor has been receiving critical acclaim his portrayal of the singer since Elvis premiered at Cannes. According to Variety, the film received a 12-minute standing ovation, the longest of this year’s festival so far. The wife of the late icon Priscilla Presley was in attendance to give it her seal of approval, with the publication adding that she and Austin shared a hug after the film, with both appearing emotional. Meanwhile, Elvis’ daughter Lisa Marie Presley recently praised the film and predicted an Oscar for Austin, saying he ‘channeled and embodied my father’s heart & soul beautifully’, and if he didn’t win an Academy Award she ‘will eat my own foot’. She added that she was also moved to tears by watching her children ‘visibly overwhelmed in the best possible way’ by the film, as they were ‘so filled with pride about their grandfather and his legacy in a way that I have not previously experienced’. Lisa Marie is mother to 32-year-old actress Riley Keough and twins Finely and Harper Lockwood. She has been mourning the loss of her son Benjamin Keough, who took his own life aged 27. Austin concluded at the conference: ‘I’ve lived him now for three years, so the feeling of doing him justice, justice to his legacy and really bring life to this extraordinary man, and to make Lisa Marie and Priscilla and Riley andthe entire family proud, I cannot be more overjoyed, and I just feelover the moon about that.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Austin Butler and Kaia Gerber pack on major PDA on red carpet of Elvis premiere at Cannes MORE : Priscilla Presley holds onto Tom Hanks and poses with Austin Butler at star-studded Elvis premiere at Cannes Film Festival MORE : Austin Butler’s body ‘started shutting down’ after he played Elvis Presley: ‘I was rushed to hospital’