Brooklyn Beckham and wife Nicola Peltz have offered a first glimpse at their wedding rings while out shopping together in New York City on Friday. The newlywed lovebirds, who tied the knot in a lavish ceremony last month at Nicola’s family’s beachside estate in Florida, were spotted out for some luxury browsing in the Big Apple. Dressed casually, actress Nicola, 27, wore a black off the shoulder top, dark flared jeans and towering heeled sandals. She also sported a facemask and carried a roomy handbag on her shoulder as she strolled hand-in-hand with her husband. With both of their left hands on display, aspiring chef and photographer Brooklyn, 23, and his wife both appeared to be rocking some serious wedding bling. Brooklyn’s seemed slightly slimmer in design, while Nicola’s matched well with her rather crowded finger, which also featured a brand-new rock she debuted shortly after their wedding ceremony. The Beckhams’ eldest son led the way as he and Nicola walked along the pavement, visiting a Valentino designer store before later heading to restaurant Nobu. He kept things relaxed in a pair of baggy jean and a brown graphic T-shirt, which he paired with white trainers and a gold chain necklace. The couple have been jetting around this week, after previously being photographed in Santa Monica, California, shopping at a luxury supermarket. However, they have remained in the States since their flashy wedding ceremony, with Brooklyn recently unwinding with a spot of golf on a sunny day. As for the rest of his famous family, fashionista mum Victoria celebrated her 48th birthday shortly after Brooklyn and Nicola’s wedding. The family were pictured relaxing on a £5,000,000 super yacht for her special day, enjoying drinks and topping up their tans. Nicola had sent her new mother-in-law a celebratory message to honour her birthday, writing: ‘Happy birthday mum @victoribeckham love u.’ Following on from Brooklyn’s fancy wedding, there are reports that younger brother Romeo, 19, is also keen to tie the knot with his girlfriend, Mia Regan. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stormzy prepping star-studded comeback video ‘featuring David Beckham, Gordon Ramsay and Louis Theroux’ MORE : Phoebe Bridgers sparks engagement rumours after ‘calling Paul Mescal her ‘fiancé’ 