A pizza shop owner who killed his wife and left her in an unmarked grave ranted about being framed as he was led from court. Nezam Salangy was found guilty of murdering Zobaidah Salangy, 31, and disposing of her body under cover of darkness. The 44-year-old tried to convince police the Afghanistan-born maths teacher had run away with another man after dumping her body in woodlands. The pizza shop owner had been married to his victim for eight years when he killed her on March 28, 2020. He initially didn’t react as he was found guilty at Worcester Crown Court but was then seen to stare at West Mercia Police detectives and say ‘you guys framed me’. Nezam Salangy was convicted by a jury along with his younger brothers, Mohammed Yasin, 34, and Mohammed Ramin Salangy, 31. One of the co-defendants could be heard saying ‘that’s the wrong decision’ and the security alarm was triggered as the men were led back down the stairs to be taken back into custody. The court heard how the two helped cover up the crime, with Ramin taking a 90-mile taxi journey from his home in Cardiff to help bury the body. Yasin’s involvement was proved using telephone evidence and jurors took 13 hours and 55 minutes to unanimously convict. After burying Mrs Salangy near Bromsgrove, Worcestershire, he reported his wife missing to police. He told them she ‘had gone out for a run and never come back’, after leaving him for a ‘new boyfriend’, prosecutors said. Earlier in the trial, prosecutor Simon Denison QC said the failure to find the body for six month was an ‘unfortunate fact of the case’. She was not discovered in an initial dig at the site near the village of Lower Bentley. A post-mortem examination could not establish a cause of death because of the length of time the body had been buried underground. Investigators carried out a second dig in October 2020 and discovered the unmarked grave, where Mrs Salangy had been left bound in curtain wire and wrapped in black bin bags and duvet cover. The duvet cover was found to match pillow cases at the couple’s Bromsgrove home, a terraced house not far from his business, Salangy’s Prego Pizza shop. The victim’s phone and another used to discuss the disposal of the body were found, along with her purse, all of which could be linked to the husband via fingerprints. The pair had ‘argued bitterly’ in the day before the disappearance, jurors were told, before being played a video of one exchange in which Mrs Salangy is head saying her husband is ‘destroying my life’. After she ‘vanished off the face of the earth’, Salangy tried to convince people she had left him for another man and returned to her native Afghanistan. The pair met through an arranged marriage in 2012 and Mrs Salangy – who had previously worked as a maths teacher – moved to the UK in October 2013 All three men will be sentenced at a later date. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.