At least five people have been injured in an ‘explosion’ in a block of flats in Lancashire. Fire crews, police and paramedics rushed to the scene of the blast in Skelmersdale shortly before 6pm. Engineers from Cadent Gas are also at the scene. People living in the area reported hearing a ‘loud bang’ which ‘shook windows’ at the time of the explosion. One woman, as quoted by the Liverpool Echo said she felt ‘her whole house shake’. Another witness said after hearing the explosion he looked outside to the wall of one of the flats ‘completely blown to pieces’. A spokesperson for Lancashire Fire said they were aware of a ‘number of casualties’ being treated by paramedics. The condition of those injured in the explosion is unknown. As is the cause of the blast. Pictures from the scene show outer walls completely missing from a number of flats in the block, with furniture falling from the remains of the rooms. In a statement, Lancashire Fire said: ‘Four fire engines from Skelmersdale, Ormskirk and Bamber Bridge have been called to an explosion in a property on Tanfields, Skelmersdale. ‘Firefighters are working with Lancashire Police and North West Ambulance Service to make the scene safe and treat those people who have been affected by the explosion. ‘Public are advised to keep clear of the area whilst the emergency services deal with the incident.’ A huge cordon has been placed around the block of flats while emergency services, including Cadent, attend to the incident. A spokesperson for the gas service said it was ‘too early to speculate on the cause of the explosion’. ‘As the gas emergency service, we were called to an explosion in Skelmersdale this evening to support the emergency services,’ they told the Liverpool Echo ‘It is too early to speculate on the cause of the explosion. We will remain on site to carry out our usual safety checks and assist with the investigation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.