Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson’s romance has been a hot topic ever since they started dating at the end of last year. The lovebirds – who finally made their red carpet debut this month – have basically been inseparable for months now, and some fans think the Saturday Night Live star’s accent is rubbing off on his beau. In a recent episode of The Kardashians, the Los Angeles born and raised star seemed to slip into more of a Staten Island accent, which is closer to her man’s New Yorker tone, despite NY being nearly 3,000 miles away from her hometown. During the clip in question, Kim was talking about babies and marriage with her mum Kris Jenner and close friends Simon Huck and Phil Riportella as they gossiped about Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker’s wedding plans. ‘We already knew they were trying for a baby. To me, a baby you are stuck for life. Marriages come and go. No offence guys. Take it from me,’ she laughed. ‘I believe in love. That’s why hopefully there will be just one more wedding for me, fourth time’s the charm.’ The idea that Kim isn’t ruling out getting married to Pete was exciting enough – but instead of that talking point, some viewers were blown away by the star’s accent and convinced themselves she has adopted Pete’s way of speaking. One fan shared the video on Reddit with the comment: ‘Kinda cute how Kim has started to sound so much like Pete.’ It sparked a pretty passionate debate, with plenty of users turning into amateur sleuths and wondering what it all means. ‘This is so candid. I wonder if she has always been like this and the mask is slipping, or she is changing her personality to match Pete,’ pondered one Reddit user. Another added: ‘I like this version of her – she seems more comfortable.’ Of course, it’s the internet so not everyone was quite so positive, with one person getting rather animated about the idea of someone’s accent changing a bit. They ranted: ‘WHOSE F**KING VOICE WAS THAT?!?!?! I’m creeped the hell out (sic)’  The Kardashians airs Thursdays on Disney+. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian calls Pete Davidson ‘nicest human on planet’ as romance finally gets mentioned on Kardashians MORE : Kim Kardashian keen to marry again amid budding Pete Davidson romance: ‘Fourth time is a charm’ 