Sir Keir Starmer may be interviewed by police over ‘beergate’, with his fate as Labour leader reportedly hanging in the balance for ‘at least a month’ as officers investigate. The Labour leader has vowed to resign if fined for sharing a takeaway with activists at a time when indoor mixing was banned, aside from at work. He has repeatedly said no Covid rules were broken, insisting last night he is ‘different’ to Boris Johnson and ‘politicians are not all the same’. Questionnaires are expected to be sent to at least 15 people thought to be present at the alleged Covid breach in Durham in April 2021. A leaked memo previously appeared to show the politician’s meal was pre-planned, calling into question his version of events. But the Labour party is prepared to fight – and is ‘ready to hand over time-stamped WhatsApp conversions, video edits and other documents that prove the team worked until 1am’. Officers are considering speaking face-to-face to the former Head of the Crown Prosecution Service, The Guardian claims. Given the case is low-level, it’s estimated the investigation will take at least one or even two months. The Durham force initially refused to investigate, saying it believed no rules were broken. But a U-turn was made on Friday after ‘significant new information’ was said to be discovered. An insider claims this included Labour’s admission that Deputy Leader Angela Rayner was present at the gathering in Durham, following initial denials. They said a ‘genuine mistake’ had been made. It comes after the same police force concluded Dominic Cummings’ journey to Barnard Castle probably amounted to a ‘minor’ breach of the rules. No further action was taken and the former top political adviser was reportedly not interviewed for the case. His statement and questioning by journalists in the rose garden of Downing Street was taken as a witness statement by police. But he later admitted he did not ‘tell the full story’, saying security threats against his family were the reason they left London. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.