Lewis Hamilton has issued a heartfelt apology to fans following his challenging race in Monaco. The F1 driver was among the racers taking part in the Grand Prix this weekend, along with the likes of Max Verstappen for Red Bull and Carlos Sainz for Ferrari. However, it was Mexican driver Sergio Perez who won on Sunday afternoon following a gripping race. Hamilton finished eighth on Circuit de Monaco for Mercedes and has now revealed he feels bad for not giving F1 fans ‘great results’ so far this year. The sporting icon took to Instagram to express his gratitude for viewers’ support and to assure them he will not give up. ‘I just wanted to thank you all for your unwavering support,’ he began. Hamilton continued: ‘I can’t express how grateful I am for those I saw this weekend and for those watching at home somewhere in the world. ‘I appreciate you and hope you had a great weekend.’ Refusing to let himself be beaten, he added: ‘I’m sorry I haven’t given you any great results this year but I won’t give up, we win and we lose together. ‘Tomorrow’s a new day to rise. Sending you love,’ he concluded. Hamilton’s last social media post prior to the race was a photo of him heading out to the track, with the strong caption: ‘Not here to play games’. It’s clear his legion of supporters was well and truly rooting for him, writing comments like, ‘We believe in you, Lewis’ and ‘Forever champion’. Sunday’s race was initially delayed by 70 minutes due to poor weather conditions, however, Hamilton has criticised the FIA for pushing the start time back because of the rain. The seven-time champion believed the race could have started as planned and that a heavy downpour was not a good enough reason for not racing, as he thinks drivers are more than capable of tackling difficult conditions. ‘I don’t know the reason for them not sending us out at the get-go, but we are Formula One drivers so [the weather] is not a good enough reason,’ he said. ‘I was like, “Let’s go” when it was just drizzling a little bit at the beginning. We will talk about it in the drivers’ briefing but we should have started the race.’ Despite the rain, celebrities and public figures didn’t let that stop them from enjoying their weekend, with a whole host of famous faces rocking up to cheer the drivers on. The likes of Naomi Campbell, Heidi Klum and Kit Harington led the glam squad at the Grand Prix, putting on fashionable displays. Also in attendance was Bridgerton’s Simone Ashley, who became embroiled in an awkward blunder after her assistant told Sky Sports she wasn’t doing TV interviews. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision winners Kalush Orchestra auction off trophy for $900,000 to help Ukrainian army during Russian war MORE : Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson kiss and show off matching hair in rare videos together 