Andy Murray has criticised Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players from this year’s tournament, calling the move ‘unfair’. Earlier this month, the All England Club announced that players from the two nations would not be admitted entry to this summer’s championships following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Wimbledon’s ruling falls in line with a host of other sports including football where Russian and Belarusian teams have been ostracised from European competition. However, former world number one Murray says he does not support Wimbledon’s verdict, despite the move being backed by British government figures. He said: ‘I’m not supportive of players getting banned. The guidance from the government was not helpful. ‘My understanding of the guidance was that Russians and Belarusians can play if they sign a declaration that they’re against the war and against the Russian regime. ‘I’m not sure how comfortable I would feel if something happened to one of the players or their families (as a result of signing the form). I don’t think there’s a right answer. ‘I have spoken to some of the Russian players. I’ve spoken to some of the Ukrainian players. ‘I feel really bad for the players who aren’t allowed to play and I get that it will seem unfair to them. But I also know some of the people who work at Wimbledon, and I know how difficult a position they were in.’ The ruling means world number two Daniil Medvedev and world number eight Andrey Rublev will not be eligible to play at Wimbledon this summer or the LTA’s warm-up events at Queens and Eastbourne. It has been suggested that Wimbledon’s decision centred around concerns over a potential PR disaster if a Russian male or female player was to win the tournament, only to be heckled by the Centre Court crowd. But with the Grand Slam being one of the sport’s premier events and carrying a huge amount of ranking points that can significantly impact a player’s world ranking, the ban has caused uproar in the tennis world. Apart from Murray, other stars including Rafael Nadal and Novak Djokovic have revealed their dismay at the exclusion of their peers. Meanwhile, the regular tours – the ATP and WTA – have both strongly denounced Wimbledon’s ‘discriminatory’ policy. MORE : Rafael Nadal hits out at Wimbledon ban on Russian tennis players over Ukraine war MORE : Piers Morgan ‘so sorry’ for Boris Becker after former Wimbledon champion is jailed over bankruptcy case For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 