Prince Andrew has been meeting the Queen every day as he tries to make amends for the embarrassment caused by his sex abuse scandal. The Duke of York is desperately trying to claw back his reputation after paying a huge sum to his accuser Virginia Giuffre before her lawsuit reached a jury. He has been driving five miles from his Royal Lodge home to Windsor Castle for pre-lunch visits to check his mother is ‘comfortable and looked after’, insiders say. One royal source told the Mirror: ‘Andrew is doing all he can to make amends for the shame he brought on his family for being involved in such a scandal. ‘He wants to make it up to the Queen which is why he is doing all he can to see her as much as possible. ‘The rest of the family, apart from Her Majesty, are united in feeling that he should stay out of the limelight and keep quiet having left such a stain on the family.’ Andrew, who was pictured with two companions on a horse ride in Windsor Great Park yesterday, hasn’t ‘disappeared from public life’ as many expected. The disgraced royal, 62, is expected to join the Queen for the prestigious Garter Day ceremony at Windsor Castle next month. Sources say he will attend ‘as a Royal Knight’ and will also appear in the next day’s Court circular. The Garter Day procession sees the Queen and Knights appear in grand velvet robes, glistening insignia and plumed hats. It is one of the most traditional ceremonies in the Queen’s calendar, and there are now fears Andrew’s attendance will overshadow it. The Queen is sovereign of the Order and appoints Knights of the Garter without input from ministers. This means her son Andrew’s appointment was considered private. Despite protesting his innocence throughout, Andrew is reported to have paid £12million to settle the civil lawsuit in New York. Ms Giuffre alleged she was forced to have sex with the duke after being trafficked by his paedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein, who died in jail awaiting trial in 2019. Andrew was stripped of all honorary military titles, royal patronages and HRH designation in January – forcing Andrew to take on the lawsuit as a ‘private citizen’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.