The mayor of London has said Boris Johnson’s leadership has somewhat helped Labour make key gains during today’s local elections. The Conservative Party has suffered a triple whammy in the capital already this morning – losing Westminster for the first time, its flagship authority Wandsworth and also Barnet. Sadiq Khan said he is conflicted as an individual about whether the prime minister should resign. ‘Let me be frank – it’s in the Labour Party’s interest for Boris Johnson to stay,’ he told Sky News. ‘It’s in the national interest for him to go. And I’m somebody who’s a patriot, who loves my country. ‘It’s time for him to go, as a patriot and as an Englishman, and as a Brit – but as a Labour person, I want him to stay, he’s a vote winner for us.’ The new Labour leader of Wandsworth council, Simon Hogg, agreed Boris Johnson is a ‘liability’ for the Tories. ‘It wasn’t just Labour voters who were saying, “He lied, he broke his own rules,”‘ he said. ‘If you look at some of the results here in Putney, particularly in Tory areas, you’re actually seeing real revulsion from life-long Tories. ‘Not just saying, “I’m going to stay at home and not vote,” but actually saying, “I will give my vote to Labour, because I want to get Boris Johnson out.”‘ The mayor of London tweeted: ‘A historic, joyous night for Labour as Wandsworth council goes red for the first time in 44 years. ‘This is a fantastic result for Wandsworth residents – who can now look forward to a cleaner, greener, more equal borough under the leadership of Councillor Simon Hogg.’ In a video he tweeted, Mr Khan can be heard saying: ‘Three words. Wandsworth, Labour, gains,’ as Labour supporters cheer. Local Tory leaders have already called for the PM to quit following the ’embarrassing’ string of losses so far this morning. Ravi Govindia, outgoing leader of Wandsworth council, said: ‘Let’s not be coy about it, of course national issues were part of the dilemma people were facing.’ He told the BBC ‘inevitably other events have clouded the judgement of people in Wandsworth’ and admits people raised ‘the issue of Boris Johnson’ during the campaign. John Mallinson, leader of Carlisle City Council which will be replaced by the new Cumberland authority, said: ‘I think it is not just partygate, there is the integrity issue. ‘Basically I just don’t feel people any longer have the confidence that the Prime Minister can be relied upon to tell the truth.’ A Tory source conceded ‘we expect these elections to be tough’. The PM was said to have a pessimistic outlook about the local elections, with the BBC reporting he told aides: ‘We are going to get our a**e kicked tonight.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.