A woman who spoke passionately about her relationship with an alien has said that they can’t go ‘all the way that he can go’ intimately, because it would ‘kill’ her. On Thursday’s This Morning, actress and podcaster Emanuela Rose, formerly known as Abbie Bela, appeared on the show to talk about the love she has for her supposed extraterrestrial partner. Speaking to Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby, she claimed that she and her partner met when she was abducted by aliens, explaining that she uses a plastic inflatable alien as a substitute for him in order to keep his identity protected. At one point during their chat, a curious Holly brought up the subject of intimacy, as she wondered if Emanuela and her alien lover could be physical with one another. ‘And what about, I mean, part of being in a relationship is physicality and intimacy. Are you intimate, in a way of sorts?’ the presenter asked. ‘Yes! I have to say once you go alien you’ll forget Earth men. Just saying,’ Emanuela replied, leaving Holly surprised as she recommended that anyone on Earth who’s tired of men should consider aliens instead. When asked why being with an alien is better than a human man, the US-based actress responded: ‘How can I put this? The aliens are love and light and pure energy, so we can’t even go all the way that he can go because it would kill me.’ This admission left Phillip and Holly startled, as the latter reacted by saying: ‘Wow.’ ‘He goes further than you would think it was possible to go?’ an equally astonished Phillip asked. ‘Yeah! It’s like compared to Earth men, it’s like, times a million,’ she admitted.Holly then brought up the fact that Emanuela wants to take her relationship with the alien ‘to the next phase’, as she wants him to propose to her. ‘Is that likely to happen? Is he ready to commit to something like that?’ she questioned. Emanuela claimed that her alien lover has tried to propose to her, but he’s still ‘learning the customs’ on Earth, as she wants a traditional engagement ring. However, when she asked for him to get her a ‘big rock’, she said that he misinterpreted her request and got her pebbles from a beach instead. While he doesn’t have any ‘Earth money’, Emanuela is hoping they can ‘save up the money’ to buy an engagement ring in time. This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield dubs £184,000,000 lottery winners ‘very brave’ for going public with EuroMillions jackpot MORE : The Games hosts Holly Willoughby and Freddie Flintoff end show in style by hopping into the pool fully dressed 