NBA legend Steve Kerr refused to talk about basketball before his team’s play-off match with Dallas Mavericks on Tuesday, instead delivering a passionate speech condemning gun violence in the United States of America. Kerr’s emotional speech came after nineteen children and two adults died in a shooting at a primary school in south Texas. The gunman, believed to be 18-year-old former pupil Salvador Ramos, opened fire at Robb Elementary School, which teaches children aged seven to ten. Ramos, who was killed by law enforcement, had a handgun, an AR-15 semi-automatic rifle and high-capacity magazines, according to investigators. Eight-time NBA champion Kerr, who is a long-time advocate of gun control, said: ‘When are we going to do something? I’m tired. ‘I am so tired of getting up here and offering condolences to the devastated families that are out there. I am so tired of the, excuse me, I am sorry, I am tired of the moments of silence. Enough!’ Kerr, who is the head coach of Golden State Warriors, has repeatedly supported a bill that would require tighter background checks on those buying guns. The bill was passed in 2021 but did not get to the Senate. Kerr, who lost his father in a terrorist attack in Beirut in 1984, added: ‘I ask you, Mitch McConnell (the Senate minority leader), I ask all of you senators who refuse to do anything about the violence and school shootings and supermarket shootings. ‘I ask you: Are you going to put your own desire for power ahead of the lives of our children and our elderly and our churchgoers? Because that’s what it looks like. It’s what we do every week.’ Before leaving the press conference, Kerr slammed his fists against the table and shouted: ‘It’s pathetic. I’ve had enough.’ Kerr’s Golden State Warriors were beaten by Dallas Mavericks in Game 4 of the NBA Western Conference final, but still lead the best-of-seven series 3-1 as they look to reach the NBA finals. Mavericks coach Jason Kidd also addressed the shooting in his pre-game interview, saying: ‘We will truly play with heavy hearts tonight for the community, for the school of Robb Elementary School. ‘As coaches, as fathers, we have kids, people in this room have kids, elementary school; you can just think about what could take place with any of your family or friends at a school.’ NBA star Steph Curry praised his manager Kerr after the powerful press conference and said he ‘can’t even imagine the pain’ the families’ are going through. ‘I appreciate his [Kerr] leadership. It was on everyone’s mind coming into the game,’ Curry said. ‘I’ve got kids, send them to school every day, drop them off, and you feel for the parents that are going through what they’re going through. I can’t even imagine the pain. ‘For coach to come up here and say what he said – every word that he said was powerful, was meaningful. I accept that challenge to try to use my voice and platform to help hopefully make change. ‘You could tell what it meant to him to come up in front of ya’ll and use this microphone to say what he said. So I appreciate his leadership on that.’ LeBron James, meanwhile, wrote on social media: ‘My thoughts and prayers goes out to the families of love ones loss & injured at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, TX! ‘Like when is enough enough man!!! These are kids and we keep putting them in harms way at school. Like seriously AT SCHOOL where its suppose to be the safest!’ Kerr, 56, won five NBA titles as a player – three with the Chicago Bulls and two with the San Antonio Spurs – and has led the Warriors to three titles as head coach. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 