Rihanna may not have attended this year’s Met Gala but they sure made sure her presence was felt with a sweet tribute to her pregnancy. The Work singer skipped this year’s fashion extravaganza as she is currently heavily pregnant and expecting her first child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky. However, she was there in spirit – and marble – as The Metropolitan Museum of Art unveiled a special statue created in her honour. In a video clip soundtracked to Max Richter and Daniel Hope’s Spring 1 instrumental, which famously featured in Bridgerton, the camera pans around the museum to unveil various busts before showcasing a marble figure of Rihanna posing with her baby bump. Reacting to the news, Rihanna shared the clip on social media and said: ‘Shut down the met in marble! what’s more gilded than that? Lol! Thank you @metmuseum and @voguemagazine for this historic tribute! y’all bad for this one!’ The 33-year-old is a regular Met Gala guest and attended the event last year with A$AP for the first time. It’s been a tumultuous few weeks for the couple, whose relationship has been rocked by cheating rumours and the rapper’s arrest over a shooting. A$AP, real name Rakim Mayers, was accused of cheating with shoe designer Amina Muaddi who later denied the allegations. A British mother-of-the-three then came forward to claim she had received messages on Instagram from the rapper, months before Rihanna announced her pregnancy. Last month, A$AP was arrested at LAX airport in connection with an alleged shooting in 2021. The rapper was released on a $550,000 (£421k) bail after the LAPD allegedly used a battering ram to force their way into his home. Rihanna is believed to be days or weeks away from giving birth with her baby due this spring. The couple announced they were expecting their first child together in February, after going public with their relationship at the beginning of 2021. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Met Gala 2022: Elon Musk larks around with mum Maye in first major appearance since buying Twitter for $44,000,000,000 MORE : Met Gala 2022: Stormzy owns dress code in all-white suit with matching cape as he makes debut 