Busy Philipps has confirmed her split from husband Marc Silverstein. The White Chicks actress and the I Feel Pretty director have been married for 14 years, and share two children together, Birdie Leigh and Cricket Pearl. However, speaking about their relationship in the latest episode of her podcast, Busy Philipps Is Doing Her Best, she announced that they had gone their separate ways. ‘It’s been a really long time that Marc and I have been separated. Our kids know, our families know, our friends know,’ she began. ‘We really discussed how do I handled it publicly… Because when we first separated, it was February of last year. ‘But the truth is, there’s a conventional idea of what a person in the public eye is supposed to do when their relationship ends, and it’s been very well established, right? ‘You make a statement, you’re committed to remaining friends, “please respect our privacy and our family’s privacy in this time”. But the truth is, who made that rule up, that that’s how you do it?’ ‘If anything, the last several years has shown me it’s a little bit that… You can only do what’s right for you and your family, whether or not you have a public-facing life or you just post on Facebook or whatever,’ she continued. ‘Because we all, at this point, have a public-facing life. You don’t have to follow a conventional idea just because it’s been done before. I really do believe that. ‘Marc and I talked about it, and when we first separated, we couldn’t even think about putting one of those statements out – it made us sick, both of us, truly ill…’ Busy said that they wanted to process things between them, and their loved ones, before letting the world into their split. Becoming emotional, she continued: ‘The surest way that Marc and I have been able to ensure the privacy of our kids that we love so f**king much, was by not involving the public.’ Speaking on where they stand now, she insisted: ‘We love each other very much! ‘We have these beautiful kids together. And there are a lot of things that really work about our relationship.’ Busy and Marc tied the knot in June, 2007, and welcomed their first child together, Birdie, the following year. They added to their family with Cricket, in 2013. The Dawson’s Creek actress previously opened up about their marriage in a candid interview with Harper’s Bazaar, revealing that there was a moment she almost filed for divorce from the screenwriter. Discussing what led to the move at the time, she explained that it was due to an issue with their parenting duties. ‘Marc was like, “I’ll do anything.” And I was like, “Okay, then do everything. Because I have done it all, all by myself, and I’m done, dude”,’ she told the publication. ‘I was fully out the door, I wasn’t expecting anything from him, but what we ended up doing was creating our own system.’ That ‘system’ led to Marc making the call to stay at home with their kids, with Busy adding how much he ‘loved’ their routine. ‘He’ll make my Bulletproof coffee and bring it into the bedroom while I’m still sleeping, and then leave to take the kids to school,’ she added. ‘He has conversations with them that I’m jealous of.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The One Show: Jeff Goldblum reveals he ‘wept’ watching ‘moving’ Jurassic World 3 while heaping praise on co-stars Laura Dern and Sam Neill MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Jury deliberation begins in Amber Heard defamation trial 