After trying to sell their wares and impress Lord Sugar, the candidates in The Apprentice retire each night to a large mansion where they can let their hair down. And now, fans of the show with a lot of cash to spare can live in that very home, where budding entrepreneurs took 5am wakeup calls and eagerly awaited the boardroom firing survivors. Victory House on Daleham Gardens in Hampstead, London, played host to hopefuls on The Apprentice in 2016 and 2018, and is now on sale for price on application. The restored Victorian house provides 10,409 sq ft of accommodation including five/six bedrooms and four reception rooms, as well as a 170 ft long landscaped garden with reflection pool. The lucky new owner will also have access to a cinema, double garage, staff studio, and private wellness centre with a spa pool, gymnasium, and steam room in the grand property. A seven-year restoration and modernisation programme has transformed the large detached house. Overseen by architectural practice Foster Lomas, British craftsmen and artisan firms including Firman Glass, Ardern Hodges, James Horrobin, and Blair Thompson were used throughout the project. Contemporary architecture and modern living spaces sit alongside original period features which have been sensitively restored, making it a home fit for  business moguls and history buffs alike. The heritage of Victory House goes back long before it became the setting for the corporate reality show. Originally built in 1882, it was the home of Edward Bowlby CBE, the eminent psychologist and biographer of Charles Darwin, whose father Sir Anthony Bowlby was given a Barotnetcy for service as Royal surgeon to King Edward VII and King George V. With the price kept tightly under wraps, and luxury amenities throughout such as a freestanding bath carved from Travertine marble, it can only be assumed that the next owner will be similarly wealthy. Further modern touches include Helvar computer controlled lighting, a Crestron audio-visual home entertainment system, and electronic blinds. There is also a studio flat on the ground floor which can be independently approached by its own separate entrance, offering guest and staff accommodation or a preparation space when entertaining on a large scale. Mark Pollack, Co-Founding Director of Aston Chase, jointly marketing the property, says: ‘The house represents an outstanding opportunity for anyone looking to buy a substantial lateral family home only moments from St John’s Wood and Primrose Hill, yet arguably representing better value for money.’ Stephen Lindsay, Head of Office, Residential at Savills St John’s Wood, added: ‘Victory House has been refurbished and finished to a superlative level of quality, with bespoke craftsmanship and the highest quality stone, wood and glasswork used throughout. ‘After seven years of restoration the Victorian grandeur of this large house has been embellished with flair and imagination to create a stunning 21st century Hampstead home of exceptional quality and style.’ For further information on Victory House, contact joint sole agents Aston Chase  and Savills. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the gardening jobs you should get started on in May MORE : How to avoid being ‘that couple’ and cringing out your single friends