A new mum claimed a male bar manager chucked her and some friends out of a pub toilet after she expressed breast milk. Natalie Reade, 39, gave birth nine weeks ago and was looking to enjoy her first night out since then. She was out with her five friends at Emporium in Portsmouth and they all went to the toilet to take some photos. Natalie was expressing milk in a cubicle when according to the group of friends, the male bar manager barged into the toilets – despite female members of staff being on shift. He then allegedly accused the group of taking drugs and ‘squirting’ breast milk, before kicking them out of the bar and branding their behaviour as ‘disgusting’. Ms Reade’s friend, Natalee Cooper, said: ‘They say men and women might come into clean the toilet, but there was no warning or “girls, I’m coming in…” ‘He literally just barged in. ‘We were just in there having a laugh, taking pictures and things. But it was his attitude and the way he was shouting at us.’ Three friends then tasted the breast milk to prove they were not taking drugs. But Natalee said the pub manager branded the friends ‘disgusting’ and compared it to spiking a drink with a date-rape drug. Mum Natalie then tried to put the pump back into her bag and a small amount of liquid spilt onto the floor. Natalee said: ‘This is when the manager stormed over, reached into her bag, snatched her breast pump out of her hands as she was trying to put it back in, snapped it in half and chucked it in the bin. ‘Then he kicked us out of the pub entirely. ‘We weren’t being confrontational, we weren’t fighting or smashed drunk. ‘We’d been in [nearby bar] Rapscallions earlier and Natalie had been expressing at the table, and there was no problem. The staff there were lovely. ‘If she doesn’t express regularly it can be very painful – and it can be dangerous. ‘It was Natalie’s first time out since having her baby. ‘She was so upset after this though, she just wanted to go straight home. She had no other way of expressing milk now anyway, so she had to get a taxi back to her home in Southampton. ‘There’s been no apology, no offer to replace the broken pump. That’s all we wanted.’ Natalee posted about the incident on social media and received a wave of support. On its Facebook page, Emporium said: ‘We do not and have not ever had an issue with expressing or breast feeding. ‘We hold events here like children’s parties and also baby showers and these things are expected so it would be no different on a Saturday evening. ‘Our toilets are attended by both male and female attendants which is stated on signs.’ Under The Equality Act 2010 it is discriminatory to treat a woman unfavourably because she is breastfeeding. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.