An angry driver had to be escorted from a McDonald’s drive-thru by police after he blocked it for two hours. Customer Stuart Yates, 55, parked his car and stopped anyone else from getting through at the fast food branch in Leyland, Lancashire at 9.30am yesterday. And the row all started over a couple of sausage and egg McMuffins. Afterwards a defiant Stuart said: ‘A week ago I got made to wait in the car park for over 15 minutes. ‘A lad spotted me and said, “Oh, it’s him again,” because last time I complained. ‘They said to go and wait in the car park. I said: “I’m not going anywhere until I get my food.” “I said: “I’m not moving, I’m well within my rights asking for a refund to be put back onto my card. I’m going nowhere until I’ve had my money put back on my card.” ‘It’s not a big ask, surely. They eventually gave me a refund and tried passing me a long letter they had typed out, but I refused to accept it. ‘I hadn’t sworn, I hadn’t done anything threatening. I hadn’t broken any laws.’ Stuart said he ordered off the breakfast menu for his son and his friend, and was asked to wait in the car park while the meals were prepared. But he did not want to do this after previously having to wait 15 minutes in the car park – so staff offered him a refund but gave it to him in cash, instead of putting it back on the card he paid with. He said he would wait ‘all week’ if required to get the refund back on his card. But after a visit from Lancashire Police two hours later, he finally left. Stuart said he did not receive his McMuffins, but ordered two Big Macs via Uber Eats when he got home instead. During the stalemate, one staff member said: ‘The other cars have managed to reverse out, but now he won’t move. ‘We asked him to park up and he wouldn’t, so now he’s just sat there. He only wanted a small order. It would have only taken a minute. ‘Now he’s refusing to move, he wouldn’t park, he wouldn’t accept the food, he wouldn’t accept a refund. He’s been sat there for a good 20 minutes now.’ McDonald’s declined to comment on the incident. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.