Russian officials are having their feathers ruffled by hilarious pranksters who are making joke calls. Hackers have cleverly created a website as a ‘weapon’ which will annoy Russian government workers, and ultimately distract them from the Ukraine war. The calls make for great listening, with one irritated caller exclaiming: ‘I wasn’t calling you, you say I was calling you. What do you want to hear from me now?’ The website auto-dials the officials, connects them to each other and allows people to listen in to their confusion. It was made by a group of international hacktivists to combine prank calling and robocalling into an automated nuisance. By visiting the site and clicking a button, the website will start calling a list of leaked phone numbers belonging to the Russian government, military, and intelligence. People can hear the officials wasting their time trying to figure out why they’re speaking to each other, and who initiated the call. You can listen to the results of the brilliant prank below. Shera, one of the site’s creators, told Wired: ‘We’re hoping for confusion, that they get annoyed, and that these might even be interesting calls to listen to for people who speak Russian. ‘This war started inside Moscow and St. Petersburg, within the power circle of Putin, and that’s who we want to annoy and disturb.’ The group behind the site – called WasteRussianTime.today – is calling itself the ‘Obfuscated Dreams of Scheherazade’ and is made up of artists, coders and activists. WasteRussianTime.today is designed to work by starting a VoIP call, automatically dialling 40 of the leaked phone numbers, and merging the user into a conference call with the first two Russian officials’ phones that connect. The site’s creators told Wired they decided not to let visitors to the site actually speak on the calls, for fear they might say something which could identify and endanger themselves. ‘Join the civil intervention against war,’ a message on the site reads. ‘If you’re on the phone, you can’t drop bombs or coordinate soldiers.’ Since Russia began its invasion of Ukraine in February, hacktivist groups like Anonymous have declared ‘cyber war’ against Vladimir Putin’s government. In a series of cyber attacks, hackers have leaked Russian emails, disabled government websites and even taken down Russia’s state-run news services. The Ukrainian government added to this by releasing a list of what it said were the names and contact details of 620 Russian intelligence agents. Using information from that list, the creators of WasteRussianTime.today say they’ve assembled more than 5,000 Russian government phone numbers. The contacts reportedly belong to landlines and cell phones of the Russian military police, staff of its parliament and even its security agency. MORE : Anonymous leaks 250,000 emails from Russia’s education department MORE : Anonymous leaks over 900,000 Russian state network emails