In his latest column, the British boxing legend reacts to a stunning fight between Katie Taylor and Amanda Serrano along with Jack Massey’s latest win on Fightzone. He also looks ahead as Canelo Alvarez chases down more glory this weekend. Katie Taylor vs Amanda Serrano was a fantastic show on Saturday night, a history-making fight for boxing with two women fighting for all the belts at Madison Square Garden. The action was simply incredible. When we think about some of the classics we have watched over the years, Arturo Gatti vs Micky Ward, Erik Morales vs Marco Antonio Barrera… I think that must be up there too. In round five, Serrano unloaded on Katie who looked gone on her feet. But she took them and bounced straight back. It was inspirational. I had Katie winning by the smallest of margins, but I don’t think there would have been too many complaints had it been ruled a draw too. Jake Paul was convinced Serrano was robbed and was straight in the ring to have his say afterwards. Now you can’t knock Jake Paul for what he has done and the money he is making. He played his part in getting this fight on too, Eddie Hearn had plenty of praise for him for his role in making it happen and building Serrano up. But like a typical YouTuber, he had to say something controversial, just to get a bit of attention. Keep your mouth shut! They have just put on one of the fights of the century, this was two women making history, they don’t need you saying anything about the fight. I felt like jumping down the TV and knocking him out! People still discuss whether he is good for boxing but I’m not too sure. Serrano certainly wasn’t looking for controversy, there were no complaints from her. The fight was nip and tuck, not much in it but she didn’t moan. And had it gone the other way, I don’t think Katie would have complained too much either it was that close at times. There was no controversy. And for him to say Katie, one of the best around, was ‘talking a lot of s**t’… I’m sorry, how long have you been in the game? Maybe it’s me, maybe I have to move with the times. I’m very old school and what Jake Paul is, it is not the world I come from. He’s not from the Ricky Hatton school of anything, that is for certain. I think Saul ‘Canelo’ Alvarez can go on and unify the light-heavyweight division after beating Dmitry Bivol this weekend. Having said that, I think this will be the toughest fight of his career since losing to Floyd Mayweather. He showed against Sergey Kovalev in 2019 he can carry the weight with him and put it on against a much bigger guy. I do think Bivol is a bit fresher than Kovalev, a bit sharper and of course undefeated. When Canelo boxed Kovalev, I thought he was ever so slightly behind on the scorecards before the finish came. But as he so often does, he looked like he could put his foot down at any time that night and got Kovalev out of there. He has certainly got the power and strength to move through the weights and that is also due to his fantastic defensive ability. He deflects the weight advantage his rivals sometimes have by making his man connect with fresh air. That is why Floyd was able to move through and fight bigger men because of that skill. It is alright having that weight advantage and that extra weight on the punches but if they are not landing, it doesn’t matter. Canelo can do that to people. I think Canelo will win on points on Saturday, I think it will be very competitive, but I think he will find enough to do it. I see it being one of those fights where he takes control in the ninth or 10th round and puts his foot down. He just knows when to do that. In terms of how far he can go through the weights, I don’t know about heavyweight, but he might go to cruiserweight. But Canelo will just take it as it goes. He is in no rush. It seems he has been around forever having turned professional at 15 but he has been able to hit and not get hit throughout his career so he can go on as long as he likes. As long as he has got the hunger. It was another good night for Jack Massey on Fightzone last week, even though his IBO title wasn’t on the line in the end. That didn’t matter, it was still more valuable experience for him as he went 20-1, finishing Vaclav Pejsar in the second round with a nasty body shot. He won’t mind me saying, Jack is still a work in progress, he is improving all the time. When you win a title as Jack did last year, your confidence rises and you have to ensure you game rises with it. He came and got the job done last week. He needs to keep defending his title against different types of opponents and keep improving. It is up to Dennis Hobson and his trainer Robert Rimmer now to decide what is next for him, if there is a bit more work that needs doing or if he is ready to push on for another belt. It is all about timing but as far as Jack is concerned, he just needs to keep doing what he doing. He didn’t have it all his own way in the first round that night but he recovered extremely well. He will take that as another learning experience and it was another step forward for him. Get all the Fightzone action free for three months – visit www.fightzone.uk to subscribe Follow Fightzone on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter MORE : Ricky Hatton: Tyson Fury can be tempted back while Anthony Joshua rematch could loom for Dillian Whyte MORE : Ricky Hatton: My exhibition fight against Marco Antonio Barrera will be a celebration, it has been a difficult time for us all For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 