The Queen will miss the State Opening of Parliament for the first time in 60 years tomorrow, with Prince Charles to read the Queen’s Speech on her behalf. Buckingham Palace said in a statement tonight: ‘The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow. ‘At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen’s Speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance.’ This will mark the first time that Prince Charles has taken on this duty. A No 10 spokesman said: ‘The Prime Minister fully respects the wishes of HerMajesty and is grateful to the Prince of Wales for agreeing to deliver thespeech on her behalf.’ The only other times that the Queen has not opened Parliament were in 1959 and 1963, when she was pregnant with Prince Andrew and then Prince Edward, when her speech was read by the Lord Chancellor. A new Letters Patent authorised by the Queen was issued to allow delegation of the royal function tomorrow. In this instance, it enables Charles and William as Counsellors of State to jointly be able to do so. The Queen’s throne will remain empty in the House of Lords, and the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall, who is also attending, will sit in their usual seats for the ceremony. The Duke of Cambridge, also a future monarch, will also attend the State Opening – the first time Prince William has done so. He will sit on the opposite side to Camilla, while the Imperial State Crown will still travel to Parliament. No other functions have been delegated by the Queen. The Queen’s Speech is a key date in politics, as it is when the Government will set out its plans for new laws to MPs and peers. Among the policies set out is thought to be changes to Northern Ireland’s post-Brexit trading arrangements. The Queen’s mobility issues are said to be a continuation of the problems she has suffered since the autumn. A final decision on whether she should still attend the State Opening is understood to have been taken today. The Queen is understood to have a busy diary at Windsor this week with a call with Australia undertaken on Monday, and a planned virtual Privy Council and phone audience with the Prime Minister on Wednesday. She is expected to undertake some private engagements later in the week. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.