Phoebe Bridgers fans are incredibly proud of the singer after she revealed she had an abortion last year. The 27-year-old I Know The End hitmaker candidly shared her experience of abortion following reports that the US Supreme Court could overturn the nationwide legal right to terminate unwanted pregnancies. As anxiety over the potential law change intensifies, Phoebe took to her Instagram Story, where she penned: ‘I had an abortion in October of last year while I was on tour. ‘I went to planned parenthood where they gave me the abortion pill. It was easy. Everyone deserves that kind of access.’ She then encouraged her followers to donate to abortion funds. Phoebe is currently in a relationship with Normal People star Paul Mescal, with the couple sparking engagement rumours earlier this week. The couple were first linked back in 2020, before making their red carpet debut together at the LACMA Art+Film Gala in November. Many fans have thanked Phoebe for speaking so openly, with one saying ‘this kind of transparency helps’. ‘I love Phoebe Bridgers so much,’ another said. ‘Women speaking about their experiences with abortion so candidly does so much to destigmatise the whole issue. ‘We won’t get anywhere until we start speaking about abortion as a standard medical procedure rather than some secret taboo offense.’ Echoing a similar sentiment, another added: ‘I have so much respect and love for Phoebe Bridgers for sharing very personal information with the world bc of what’s happening right now.’ ‘I’m so proud of you for speaking up about this,’ wrote one fan. ‘It’s so important and it gets rid of the stigma around it, making others feel better about sharing their own stories, which takes bravery. And I’m so proud of the bravery with which you shared this.’ Top figures have shared their disgust amid fears Americans could be stripped of their nationwide right to have an abortion. Hillary Clinton warned ‘women will be killed and subjugated’ after a bombshell opinion draft appeared to show a majority of the Supreme Court’s justices had backed throwing out the landmark Roe v Wade case. In a statement on Twitter, the former presidential candidate said the news was ‘not surprising but still outrageous’. ‘This decision is a direct assault on the dignity, rights, & lives of women, not to mention decades of settled law’, she said. ‘It will kill and subjugate women even as a vast majority of Americans think abortion should be legal. What an utter disgrace.’ Abortion will likely become illegal in at least half of all US states if Roe v Wade is overturned, according to pro-reproductive rights group The Guttmacher Institute. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 