It’s a bold, bright and beautiful way to celebrate the LGBTQ+ community. A small fishing village in Sweden has painted a whole road with the colours of the Pride flag ahead of Pride month. With the celebration set to start in just a few weeks, people all over the world are gearing up to demonstrate their support of the human rights of people of all sexual and gender identities. This includes Hoganas – a small fishing village which has made a name for itself as  one of the world’s largest coal-mining locations. Photos show the rainbow flag covering a residential road, renamed as Pride Street (Pridesgatan in Swedish). The colours span the whole length of the street, leaving just a car-width’s worth of  regular tarmac on the side. The supportive gesture was revealed on May 17 – the annual International Day Against Homophobia, Transphobia and Biphobia (IDAHOT). The day marks when the World Health Organisation removed homosexuality from its list of mental illnesses. Sweden’s official Facebook page posted about the street, telling its LGBTQ+ followers: ‘We know your struggles and we support you. ‘Unfortunately, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer and other people with diverse sexual and gender identities around the world continue to face misunderstanding, hostility, discrimination and violence. ‘Everyone deserves the right to be themselves and be safe.’ Hoganas will hold its Pride festival later this month, while London’s is planned for July 2 – just after the end of Pride month. Pride month is in June because this is when the Stonewall riots erupted in New York, triggering the rise of LGBTQ+ rights movement across the world. In a similar sign of solidarity, the Royal Mint has unveiled a rainbow-coloured 50p coin. Designed by east London artist and activist Dominique Holmes, it is inscribed with the words protest, visibility, unity, and equality – Pride in London’s key values. The coin won’t enter general circulation, but will be available to buy in a range of metals this summer. The coin celebrates the 50th anniversary of the Pride movement in the UK. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.