There are lavish homes and then there are those that blow you away. A magnificent home in Melbourne on sale with its own underwater cinema fits into the latter category. The spacious art deco-style home sits in the prestigious inner suburb of Toorak, south east of the Melbourne Central Business District. Inside there are five bedrooms, three separate living areas, a formal sitting and dining room, spacious office, home gym, a 1,000-bottle wine cellar, and an uber-chic kitchen. On entry you are greeted with a grand, curling staircase and then you can easily move to a formal sitting room with a stunning fireplace and statement twenties-style chandelier. Meanwhile, a huge home office with ceiling-height built-in book shelves is close by. The open-plan kitchen and living room in the home is most definitely a highlight. Beautiful French doors let sunlight stream in and open out to the paved alfresco area with manicured gardens. With opulent marble benchtops, high-end appliances, a full butler’s pantry and a glass splashback overlooking the pool, you will never want to leave. Upstairs there is a second study and three of the five bedrooms. The main suite has a walk in wardrobe with direct access to the marble-adorned en suite with freestanding bathtub. In the basement, there is a kid’s retreat and rumpus room, fully-equipped home gym, six-car garage, home cinema and wine cellar. The cinema in the property is truly unique as a window looking into the pool makes you feel like you are underwater. For optimum viewing pleasure, there is a huge tv screen, cushy couches and custom lighting. Outside there is a entertaining space featuring towering trees, water fountain,  manicured greenery and a pergola. In addition, there is also a stunning long lap pool with a flowing water fall as well as space to lounge in the sun. The property is for sale with a guide price of £8million to £8.8million ($10 million-$11 million). Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Two-bed property in France up for sale at £40,000 – and it would make a great holiday home MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value MORE : Homeowners reveal their property search dealbreakers