A property with a collapsed roof and no doors and windows has created outrage after it was put on the market for £350,000. The estate agent says the derelict property is a former gate lodge at the entrance to Stopham House in West Sussex, believed to date back to the 1870s. But it has seriously deteriorated since it was last occupied in 1965. Photographs of show that large areas of the roof have collapsed, there are open frames instead of doors and windows, and the brickwork is covered in creeping vines and plants. The listing says the property represents a ‘unique opportunity’ to rebuild the original structure of the ‘one-off’ home, because planning consent has been granted for restoration and extension. And there is potential. The four-bedroom house has three bathrooms including one ensuite, but is located on private grounds, which also require reinstatement. Given that rebuilding the home would likely cost hundreds of thousands in itself, lots of people were less than impressed with the price that was listed. Posting under the handle ‘u/sillyness’ on Reddit, an anonymous man shared a link to a four bedroom house, joking that it was ‘a bit of a doer-upper.’ A selection of photos accompanying the advert show the Gate Lodge surrounded by metal railings, and worryingly, there aren’t any photos of what you can expect to find inside the property. ‘I laughed out loud seeing it listed as “detached”. Like, yeah, man, I can tell!’ wrote one disbelieving Reddit user. Another commented: ‘Could build several family houses on the lot. Give families proper modern living accommodation!’ The property is located within the parish of the historic hamlet of Stopham, which is steeped in history and is even mentioned in the Domesday Book. The advert reads: ‘The Barttelot family has held the manor since the Norman Conquest and at the heart of the village is the picturesque Anglo Saxon church of St Mary the Virgin.’ So, if history is your thing, you might be willing to look past the flaws of this property… but you’ll need to get stuck in with the DIY. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the best events happening in London this week MORE : CBBC presenter reimagines Bible stories with mixed-race characters and ‘diverse image’ of Jesus MORE : Plus-size traveller calls out coach for ‘cramped’ seats that left her ‘bruised’