Oleksandr Usyk is prepared to return to the cruiserweight division to fight Saul ‘Canelo’ Alvarez. Usyk became a two-division champion after moving up to the heavyweight ranks and winning the IBF, WBO and WBA titles in a dominant victory over Anthony Joshua last September. His current focus is on a rematch with the Briton with an undisputed title showdown against WBC champion Tyson Fury still a lingering possibility – although ‘The Gypsy King’ is adamant he will retire from boxing. Canelo meanwhile is already a four-weight world champion and will aim to add another light-heavyweight title to his collection when he takes on the undefeated Dmitry Bivol on Saturday. The Mexican superstar has already discussed moving up to cruiserweight with Eddie Hearn, who is promoting this weekend’s showdown, revealing a stunning proposition from Canelo to also challenge Usyk for his heavyweight titles. ‘When we talk about mindset and winning, he genuinely believes he can beat Oleksandr Usyk for the world heavyweight title,’ Hearn told Joe. ‘He said to me ‘if you can make that fight at one pound above cruiserweight – which obviously Usyk was a cruiserweight – I will beat him’. ‘I find it hard not to believe him. Sometimes, the only way someone like Canelo Alvarez or Vasyl Lomachenko gets beat is when they keep moving up in weight outside of where they should be. ‘That’s maybe how Canelo Alvarez gets beat, (when) it’s a challenge too far.’ Responding to Hearn’s comments, Usyk’s manager welcomed a titanic meeting between the undefeated Ukrainian and Canelo, suggesting the fight can take place at the 200lbs limit. ‘Be out guest,’ Klimas wrote. ‘Usyk will make cruiserweight for this one. But let Canelo concentrate on Bivol for now.’ Usyk’s rematch with Joshua is expected to take place on 23 July with Saudi Arabia the front runner to host it. MORE : Anthony Joshua reveals new gameplan for Oleksandr Usyk fight after making Angel Fernandez head coach MORE : Oleksandr Usyk reacts to Tyson Fury’s retirement announcement and sends warning to Anthony Joshua For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 