Kalush Orchestra, the winners of the 2022 Eurovision Song Contest, have insisted next year’s competition will be held in a ‘newly rebuilt’ Ukraine. The Ukrainian stars scored a landslide victory from the televote after performing their song Stefania. While the winning country usually hosts the next year’s competition, doubts have been cast on whether Ukraine will be able to host in 2023 due to the ongoing war with Russia. However, when asked about President Volodymyr Zelensky’s claim that Eurovision will be hosted in Ukraine, Kalush Orchestra star Oleh Psiuk said: ‘If the President said it’s going to happen, it’s going to happen. ‘We’ll host Eurovision in a newly rebuilt and happy Ukraine.’ The star added in a live stream after the contest that the win ‘means a lot’ to the group, especially considering that they can ‘bring some good news to Ukraine’. ‘Our culture is under attack and we’re trying to present our culture to the world and everyone, present our music that is unique, that is authentic, and it has a unique signature,’ the singer added. Kalush were fighting on the frontlines in the war but received special permission to leave to participate in this year’s Eurovision. However, one member stayed behind to fight. Asked if they’ve been in contact with him, Oleh explained: ‘He congratulated us and he’s happy that we won.’ Rap group Kalush claimed the winning title in Turin, Italy on Saturday night with their hit song Stefania, beating the UK’s entrant Sam Ryder who came in second. Kalush, consisting of frontman Oleh Psyuk, multi-instrumentalist Ihor Didenchuk, and dancer Vlad Kurochka, were favourite to win the contest this year after wowing voters with their popular track. Ukraine received a huge 439 points in the televote, resulting in them ending the night on 631 points, securing their win. Sharing a statement on Instagram, the country’s president rejoiced in the courage of Ukraine ‘impressing the world’ and its music ‘conquering Europe’ amid the ongoing Russian invasion. He wrote, translated to English: ‘Our courage impresses the world, our music conquers Europe! Next year Ukraine will host Eurovision! ‘For the third time in its history. And I believe it won’t be the last time. ‘We will do everything to ensure that one day the participants and guests of the Eurovision Song Contest will receive Ukrainian Mariupol. Free, peaceful, rebuilt! ‘Thank you for the victory of @Kalush.official and all those who gave their votes for us! ‘I am sure that our victorious chord in the battle with the enemy is just around the corner. ‘Glory to Ukraine!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2022: Switzerland’s Marius Bear thanks Sam Ryder for comforting him after nil points: ‘He picked me up at my lowest’ MORE : Eurovision 2022: Voting results between jury and televotes split revealed after Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra defeat UK at final hurdle 