Little Mix have revealed that their final tour before they take an indefinite break is a non-stop sob-fest. Perrie Edwards, 28, Leigh-Anne Pinnock, 30 and Jade Thirlwall, 29, are currently on the road with their sold-out Confetti tour. And in an exclusive interview with Metro.co.uk, Britain’s most successful girl band said the high emotion as they prepare to bring the curtain down on a record-breaking career is often too much to bear. Perrie said: ‘It feels bittersweet. We’re excited for the future, but we just can’t stop crying! To think we’re not going to be with each other 24/7 anymore is quite scary. ‘It doesn’t help that everyone in the audience is in floods of tears as well. When we sing Between Us, we’re on a flying platform and so we can see everybody sobbing. And then we can’t sing because we’re crying too!’ Leigh-Anne said they’ve had to rely on the fans to pull them through moments when they’ve been too overcome to sing. ‘That’s what has been so beautiful about this tour. If our voices go because we’re too emotional, we know that the fans are there and they carry us through. They sing the lyrics for us.’ After nearly 11 years together and more than 50 million worldwide record sales, Perrie, Leigh-Anne and Jade are going on a hiatus following the final Confetti date on Saturday May 14. That gig will be broadcast live from London’s O2 Arena via a global livestream giving fans around the world a chance to join what the girls hope will be a huge party. Perrie said: ‘It’s going to be a big celebration. We’ve got the most amazing memories together and we feel so blessed and grateful that we have each other. That’s what we’re going to miss the most – each other.’ Jade added: ‘It feels like an impending countdown and we’re definitely feeling it. ‘With the livestream, we wanted to make sure that every fan felt like they had the opportunity to be a part of this moment and watch it with us.’ Much has changed since the girls last hit the road. Fourth member Jesy Nelson, 30, quit in 2020 while Perrie and Leigh-Anne both became mums within a week of each other last August. Perrie has son Axel with Liverpool star Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain, 28, and Leigh-Anne has twins with QPR striker fiancé Andre Gray, 30, although they have not made the babies’ names or sex public. The little ones are on tour with them and Leigh-Anne says it’s taken some getting used to. ‘We’re travelling with them from city to city and oh my god, the flights! The flights have been really intense. But they’re absolutely smashing it, bless them.’ She added that both she and Perrie have experienced ‘mum guilt’. ‘We don’t get to put them to bed and that is really hard. But we tell ourselves that we’re doing all of this for them.’ Perrie said: ‘The mum guilt is real. But they’re all doing really well considering it’s a change of environment every other day. We have a lot of help whether that’s Aunty Jade, our tour manager or whoever, there are always people on hand and that definitely takes the pressure off.’ Has being around the babies made Jade, who has been in a relationship with Rizzle Kicks star Jordan Stephens, 30, for two years, broody or has it put her off? She said: ‘I’m not sure…I’d love to have children eventually. But I think me and Jordan both know it’s not the right time now. I’m happy to be the cool aunt!’ Tickets for the Little Mix global livestream event The Last Show (for now…) on May 14 from The O2, London are available now from here. Tickets include access to on-demand replays for 48 hours