A man who strangled his ex-girlfriend and set her body alight while her children were at school after persuading her to pole dance for him has been jailed for at least 23 years. Louise Rump, 29, had agreed to perform for former partner Habib Jackson, 32, at her flat in the village of Kensworth, Bedfordshire, on October 16, 2020. Her body was later discovered at the foot of her bed by firefighters who had been called out by neighbours when they saw smoke billowing from the address. Prosecutor David Matthew told St Alban’s Crown Court Jackson had made a ‘deal’ with Ms Rump which went ‘badly wrong’. He said: ‘She was going to dance for him in underwear he selected. That deal went badly wrong. The fire brigade found her dead. She had been killed by asphyxia.’ Jackson, of Toddington, Bedfordshire, denied murder but was found guilty by a jury and sentenced to life imprisonment with a minimum term of 23 years. Judge Michael Kay QC told him: ‘Louise Rump was a single mother of two children. ‘As a result of your obsession with her and your controlling, violent nature, those two children will now have to live with the knowledge that, while they were at school, their mother was brutally strangled or smothered to death and her body was set on fire. ‘Whatever her motives were for seeing you, you had no respect for her. ‘Indeed, the messages revealed that you had no respect for any women, treating them solely as opportunities for sex or for obtaining pornographic images. ‘Your primitive and narcissistic ego was only concerned with how many conquests you could achieve, whether for money or through what only you perceived as your charm.’ Mr Matthew told the court Ms Rump was last seen alive when she returned home after taking her daughter to school. He said the evidence indicated she was killed ‘sometime between 11.15am and 12.30pm’. The prosecutor went on: ‘The pathologist found she had been killed by asphyxia before her body was set on fire. ‘There were signs of an attack with bruising on her face, her left hand, wrist and pelvis. The fire was a quite deliberate attempt to destroy the traces her attacker might have left.’ When the firefighters entered the flat, they found a pole dancer’s pole in the lounge and Ms Rump’s body in the bedroom. Mr Matthew said: ‘That was where the fire was lit. The curtains had caught fire and there was smoke damage. At the end of the bed was a plastic water bottle. ‘There is reason to think there had been petrol or some accelerant in it to get the fire going.’ Ms Rump’s aunt, Jane Hedges, said: ‘While we have taken some comfort from today’s sentence, nothing will ever make up for our loss and the grief our family is feeling. ‘This was such a needless crime and a tragic waste of life. Louise was a real star among us, full of life and energy who would brighten any room she went into. ‘Her children will now sadly have to grow up without their mum. Our thoughts are with them today and we will do everything we can to support them, so they grow up to make their mum proud.’ Jackson’s business partner and fellow security guard Christopher Hayward, 32, from Houghton Regis, was cleared of murder. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.