The parents of Madeleine McCann have said she ‘will always be our daughter’ in a poignant new message. Kate and Gerry McCann have vowed to find closure on what happened to the toddler on May 3, 2007. Nearly 15 years on from her disappearance, they say it is ‘essential’ to find the truth. In a message posted on the Official Find Madeleine Campaign Facebook page, Kate and Gerry McCann wrote: ‘This year we mark 15 years since we last saw Madeleine. ‘It feels no harder than any other but no easier either. ‘It’s a very long time. ‘Many people talk about the need for ‘closure’. It’s always felt a strange term. ‘Regardless of outcome, Madeleine will always be our daughter and a truly horrific crime has been committed. These things will remain. ‘It is true though that uncertainty creates weakness; knowledge and certainty give strength, and for this reason our need for answers, for the truth, is essential.’ The couple thanked authorities in the UK, Portugal and Germany and said a combined effort would ‘yield results’. Kate and Gerry added: ‘As always, we would like to thank all of our supporters for their continued good wishes and support. ‘It is a huge comfort to know that regardless of time passed, Madeleine is still in people’s hearts and minds.’ In July 2013, Scotland Yard launched its own investigation, Operation Grange, into Madeleine’s disappearance. A dedicated team is still working closely with the Portuguese Policia Judiciaria and the German Bundeskriminalamt to find answers on Madeleine’s disappearance. Her case remains a missing person’s inquiry, the Met has confirmed. Last month, convicted sex offender Christian Brueckner was declared an official suspect by Portuguese authorities, which was welcomed by the couple. The 44-year-old has reportedly denied any involvement in the case and has not been charged. Today, Sky News reported he was ‘many miles’ from the scene of Madeleine’s abduction. He claims he drove a woman to an airport at Faro in Portugal on May 3, 2007. The pair were stopped and photographed at a police roadblock, Brueckner says. German prosecutor Hans Christian Wolters, who leads the Madeleine investigation with Portuguese and British detectives, told Sky News: ‘I assume if he has anything that exonerates him that sooner or later he will share it with us and we would then check it out. What happens then, let’s see. ‘So far he has told us nothing, he’s given us no alibi. So, we can only work on the evidence we have found so far in our investigation. And there was nothing to exonerate him.’ In addition to kidnapping Madeleine, Brueckner is also suspected of raping an Irish tour rep in 2004 and exposing himself to youngsters in an Algarve playground. He is currently serving a seven-year sentence in a German prison, for raping a 72-year-old woman. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.