Rupert Everett has discussed JK Rowling after the Harry Potter author was accused of being transphobic, saying that he finds cancel culture ‘incredibly repressive’. For the past couple of years, Rowling has sparked controversy with her comments on the trans community, having criticised an article in 2020 which referred to ‘people who menstruate’. The writer has denied that she is transphobic, but fuelled tensions with trans equality groups in April this year when she attended a lunch with women’s rights campaigners, with her company including Sex Matters co-founder Maya Forstater and Professor Kathleen Stock, who resigned from the University of Sussex amid a transphobia row. During an appearance on Piers Morgan Uncensored, the host asked Everett, 62, what he thinks about cancel culture, with the My Best Friend’s Wedding actor saying: ‘I think it feels like the Stasi to be honest,’ referring to the secret police force that operated in East Germany. ‘I think it feels incredibly repressive. I don’t think it manages to achieve the aims that it’s after,’ he said. He then brought up Rowling, 56, on his own volition, explaining that he’s never met her, nor has he read her work. ‘For example, I don’t know… I’ve never met JK Rowling for example, and I’ve never read her books but I’m willing to bet that before this all happened she was not someone who is anti-transsexual, no, not remotely… but now she might be, she might easily be now,’ he stated. Piers Morgan, 57, agreed with Everett’s point of view, claiming that Rowling has ‘never said anything anti-trans’. The broadcaster brought up the recent interview he had with a guest about trans rights, when they swore at him live on air. ‘I don’t have a transphobic bone in my body. I want trans people to have equality and fairness, but I also want to safeguard women’s rights. I don’t think the two are incompatible,’ he stated. Everett expressed his belief that it’s ‘time for someone to start trying to make peace between these groups’, adding that ‘our brains are hardwired to something very anti-women too in a way’. ‘So the trans movement has come right on the edge of the women’s movement, in fact they’re probably when you look at it from further in advance, the same thing,’ he said. The actor added that he finds it ‘dangerous’ to ‘call people Terfs when they’re not, because you make them into it’. Continuing to defend Rowling, Morgan chimed in to say: ‘JK Rowling to me is not transphobic. She wants to safeguard women’s rights and she should be applauded for doing so.’ Countdown star Rachel Riley recently doubled down on her defence of Rowling, saying that the author ‘has made a real difference to the world’. On Twitter, she wrote: ‘I support trans rights for people to live as they please & I support @jk_rowling (who also does). ‘We all know any mention of this subject whatsoever will result in a pile on for whoever dares comment. It’s horrible I’m so sorry for the people directly affected by this toxicity.’ Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan takes savage swipe at Dan Walker as he bids farewell to BBC Breakfast: ‘End of an error’ MORE : Brian Cox slams ‘deeply unjust’ treatment of JK Rowling over trans row: ‘It is total fascism’ 