Given Lush’s knowhow when it comes to creating powerful scents, it always seemed a bit strange that the brand didn’t offer home fragrance. No wonder, then, that when Lush offered up a Snow Fairy candle in 2021, people rejoiced. Now, the bath bomb giants are following up that success with three new candle options, each on sale for £12 a pop and offering a burn time of 12 to 15 hours. The offering draws on some classic smells from the shop, with scents of Orange Blossom, The Olive Branch, and Sleepy. Yep, the third one is probably the most exciting – that’s a candle version of that heavenly Sleepy lotion and spray that’s known for sending you straight off to snooze. Lush is recommending these candles as the perfect pairing for a bath, which makes sense, but we also reckon they could be a great way to add some ambience to your room to fit a certain mood. Olive Branch, for example, with its blend of orange blossom, neroli, and sandalwood, could be a great thing to burn while you curl up with a good book in the living room. And The Olive Branch – which has citrusy, woody notes of bergamot, orange flower, and oakmoss – could be a great option to light while you work from home. Sleepy, of course, is the ideal mate for a pre-bedtime routine. As you’re winding down for the night, doing your skincare, and fitting in some meditation, the scents of lavender and ylang ylang essential oil will offer pure relaxation – just make sure to blow out the candle before you actually get in bed (because you should never, ever leave a candle burning while you sleep). All three candles are made up of rapeseed wax, coconut oil, coconut wax, and castor wax, so are free of palm oil, paraffin, and soy, and are also 100% vegan. They’re all poured into frosted glass jars, which you could happily clean out and reuse once all the candles are done. The range will arrive in stores and online on Thursday April 21, and, excitingly, Lush has assured us that these aren’t the only candles we’ll see from them – this is described as a ‘permanent launch […] with more scents to follow in the future’. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can now ‘book a bath’ at Lush and have a 30-minute soak for £40 MORE : Best sleep hygiene products for under £20 MORE : This ‘magic’ sleep spray really works – and it’s now on sale