Looking to buy somewhere with plenty of outdoor space and unique features? Well, this might be just the property for you. The extravagant Casa de Shenandoah, a 36-acre ranch outside Las Vegas, US, has hit the market for $25,000,000 (£19.9 million). Previously owned by performer Wayne Newton – dubbed ‘Mr Las Vegas’ for decades – this multi-million-pound property comes with a huge range of perks and interesting features. The main mansion has three bedrooms and seven-and-a-half bathrooms, and there are an additional seven homes on the property – so it’s ideal for hosting huge parties. Inside, the foyer features a white and gold butterfly staircase with marble slab floor, adding to the glitzy Vegas aesthetic. But outside is where the extravagance really comes into its own, with the property having its very own jumbo jet terminal, allowing planes to pull up next to the home. There’s also a car museum – which can showcase up to 100 vehicles – with seven double doors in addition to seven horse stables. And if that wasn’t enough animals for your liking, there’s also a zoo on the property – which previously homed exotic animals. Adding to the luxurious nature of this property, the new owner will also be greeted with a gaming room and tennis court for some down time. Despite its grandeur, the property has divided opinion on Facebook after pictures of the home were shared online. One Facebook user said: ‘I feel like this is the kind of property that Joe Exotic dreams about while sitting in prison.’ ‘This is going to sound weird, but that sounds like a bargain for that much property,’ another user commented. Someone else added: ‘The water needed to keep all that grass green in the middle of the freaking desert…probably a couple million a year!’ The property is not currently for sale, but was previously listed in February 2022 for $24,995,000. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Peperami launches first meat-free version of classic snack – Vegerami MORE : DIY couple creates stunning outdoor kitchen for just £1,500 MORE : Schoolgirl went completely bald aged seven from stress of being bullied