Britain will be ‘plunged into the sea’ if Russia were to launch a nuclear attack, Kremlin propaganda has warned. In what would have been unthinkable just three months ago, Vladimir Putin has repeatedly threatened the West with nuclear war. Most recently, Russian state TV broadcast a bizarre video threatening to attack Britain with a hypersonic missile, known as Satan-2, and an ‘underwater robot drone’, known as Poseidon. Dmitry Kiselyov, dubbed Putin’s propagandist-in-chief, said: ‘What will happen after Boris Johnson’s words about a retaliatory strike on Russia? ‘Why do they threaten vast Russia with nuclear weapons while they are only a small island? ‘The island is so small that one Sarmat missile is enough to drown it once and for all. Russian missile Sarmat [aka Satan-2], the world most powerful…is capable of … destroying an area the size of Texas or England. ‘A single launch, Boris, and there is no England anymore. Once and for all. Why do they play games?’ As Mr Kiselyov spoke, an animated clip showed the route a missile would take on a map – with explosion-like sound effects. The Putin stooge went on: ‘Another option to plunge Britain into the depths of the sea is the Russian underwater robotic drone Poseidon. ‘This tidal wave (the Poseidon would cause) is also a carrier of extremely high doses of radiation. Surging over Britain, it will turn what is probably left of them into a radioactive desert, permanently unusable for anything.’ Satan-2 can travel up to 15,880mph and is described by the Kremlin as ‘unstoppable’. The Poseidon is believed to have an underwater speed of 125mph. Details about the potentially nuclear torpedo are top-secret in Russia. It comes after Mr Johnson dismissed fears about the threat of nuclear warfare and said he does not believe the West has to make ‘concessions’ for Putin. He told TalkTV: ‘Given the massive Russian backing for what [Putin] is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw.’ This is despite Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warning the world that the threat of nuclear conflict ‘should not be underestimated’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 