An investigation into how over 100 people who attended or worked at a New Jersey high school all developed rare brain cancer revealed no traces of radioactivity at the school. The probe was launched after dozens of former high school students and staff have been diagnosed with brain cancer over a 30-year period. The study looked to see if the area had radiological contaminants that would contribute to the diagnoses of brain cancers and other central nervous system tumors or disorders. One former student at Colonia High School in Woodbridge, New Jersey, began digging into the connection after realizing he, his wife and his sister all had brain tumors. That student, Al Lupiano, then uncovered 107 former students and teachers also had brain tumors. After publicizing his findings, Woodbridge Town Mayor John McCormac sprung into action, hiring an environmental engineering firm to investigate possible contaminants that could have caused the brain tumors. The findings of the environmental assessment were revealed Thursday. ‘We are very happy to announce that our extensive testing for both radon and radiation in the interior and exterior of the school building produced no evidence of any cancer causing hazards that warrant further investigation,’ McCormac said. ‘This is terrific news for the current students of Colonial High School and their parents who are worried about their safety along with current staff members. And it is also great news for all former students who attended and staff that worked at Colonia High School since it opened back in 1968,’ he added. The study concluded that the radiological status of the school building are consistent with typical levels of radiation found in the state. The state’s health department also looked at brain cancer rates for the high school and compared them to brain cancer rates throughout New Jersey and the rest of the US. They found the rates to be consistent across the board. While the exact number of people diagnosed with glioblastoma is unknown, the form of cancer is incredibly rare. According to the American Association of Neurological Surgeons, glioblastoma occurs in only 3.21 per 100,000 people. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.