Stop putting off those things you keep on saying you’ll do. Whether it’s starting that hobby, booking the holiday of your dreams or just getting some housework done, today is the day. Aries, it’s time to put your efforts into learning something new. Get on that treadmill Taurus, as today exercise will really help put the world to rights for you. The Sun’s pairing with Uranus suggests you may want to break free Sagittarius, so there is no better time than the present to do something wild. You won’t regret anything you didn’t do. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 5, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 You may be eager to explore opportunities, learn something new and connect with those you haven’t heard from in a while. Your mind could dart from one thing to another as you seek novel ideas that could save time and money. This may be an opportunity to learn a language or write a book. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may feel like you need a break from routine but if you have no option but to continue as you are, then a fitness video may be a way to channel excess energy. Mind, with an emphasis on your shopping zone, you might be inclined to browse for mood-boosting treats. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Mercury in your sign makes sparkling aspects that can find you in a convivial mood and keen to link up with friends or family. You’ll be busy on the phone or keen to make a few calls to stay in touch. You might also enjoy puzzles and games that test your knowledge and reaction time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 There could be an opportunity to brainstorm ideas and perhaps to learn from someone who has knowledge of something you would like to accomplish. Or you may be drawn to find a mentor who can assist with an issue that has become something of an obstacle in recent days or weeks. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may be in a proactive mood and keen to find new ways to tackle tasks so you have more time for bigger things. What you might be looking for is a way to transform your schedule so that it’s not so intense. There are options out there and this is a good time to seek them out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Need to make your feelings known? What you share can have an impact as the words you speak may encourage others to have their say. Mind, there could be misunderstandings, with someone not getting the gist of your comments at all. You’ll need to spell your message out clearly. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Conversations can be encouraging, motivating you to explore new activities. Someone might inspire you to take up a hobby or learn a skill you could enjoy. If there’s a craft you’ve wanted to have a go at, this is a great time to try it out. And because of this, you may meet fascinating people. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Have you experienced issues with certain people? This may be down to revolutionary Uranus in your relationship zone. Someone could surprise you with something they say or do. You might think you understand them but how do you know there isn’t more to come? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Sun’s pairing with wild-card Uranus suggests you may want to break free of limitations and do something that allows you to escape from everyday responsibilities. If you need to let off steam, a workout could help you feel more relaxed and able to focus on what needs doing. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 While you might be committed to accomplishing a goal, there may be a way to take a short cut. Stay alert for a genius idea that could help you get there faster and make the process more enjoyable too. If there is a hobby that allows you to tap into an underused skill, this can be a chance to try it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 It might help to think before you speak, as a lively blend of energies in your domestic zone can find you itching to share your perspective. It’s the way you do it that could make the difference, though. If your domestic set-up is causing frustration, a brainstorming session may bring solutions. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 A piece of news, a conversation or a letter could pave the way for you to take an opportunity. This might involve using technology which, although a learning curve, can be very good for you. Plus, a call from someone you haven’t heard from in a while may be a welcome surprise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness