As the smell of pizza fills the cab, my fiancé Julian, 31, flicks on the indicator and pulls into a quiet lay-by. We’re shattered after a full weekend working as wedding photographers, so our mouths are watering as I hop out of the passenger seat and open the side door of our van. Moments later I’m pulling a hot vegan pizza out of our onboard oven – talk about meals on wheels! From the outside, our converted Mercedes Sprinter looks like a typical white builders’ van, but inside it doubles as a cosy home and workspace. It’s full of creature comforts, including a shower/wet room, king-sized bed with memory foam mattress, Wi-Fi, 32-inch smart TV, two gas hobs and an oven. Our combi-boiler ensures we have hot water, and the solar panels on the roof charge our leisure batteries, which power our plug sockets and electricity in the van. You could say that Julian and I have always been free spirits, so our roaming home suits our lifestyle perfectly. Both photographers, we met three-and-a-half years ago while working in Singapore and spent the first months of our relationship travelling around South East Asia. You learn a lot about a person when you’re moving from hostel to hostel and living out of a backpack. Not to mention nursing each other through the odd bout of travellers’ tummy. The boundaries come down pretty quickly! You get used to being in each other’s pockets, which has stood us in good stead seeing as we now both live and work in a space just 15ft x 5.5ft. We’d often talked about being able to live on the road, so when Covid hit in March 2020 we saw the chance to turn our dream into a reality. Our income dried up pretty much overnight. We were both living with my family in Dunsfold, near Guildford, so we needed a lockdown project to keep us busy. After much thinking we decided on a modern van with low mileage, because we wanted it to look professional and be reliable, with enough space to convert into a mini-home and workplace, so we found a dealership in London. Our family and friends were used to us being frequent travellers so they thought it was a great idea. The van cost £25,000 – but we saw it as an investment. We bought it on finance – which we see as similar to having a mortgage because it’s our home – to turn it into a roving home and workspace. Julian took an extra job as a courier and I worked as a cleaner to help fund the conversion project. The conversion took around eight months, cost around £12,000, and we did most of the work ourselves. Julian had experience of various trades doing different jobs over the years, so was already handy with tools, and we also watched YouTube tutorials. We needed the van to be cosy and functional because we planned to live in it full-time. We created a workspace area, where we could sit at our laptops and edit our photos, and storage for our equipment. It would double up as a dining table in the evenings, then become a base for our fold-down bed overnight. The cooking area meant we could make our own meals and the wet room with composting toilet enabled us to park anywhere, knowing we had our own facilities in the van. As lockdown restrictions eased, and weddings started going ahead again, we were ready to hit the road with our Jack Russells, Millie and Mabel. That was a year ago now, and we’ve been on the road ever since May 2021. We spend our weekends photographing weddings, and mid-week we park somewhere picturesque to do our editing from the van, breaking for dog walks and exploring new places. Despite our initial £32,000 outlay, our off-grid life is now very economical because all we need is fuel, insurance and road tax. We stop off at a campsite a couple of times a month to empty our composting toilet and put a full charge on the leisure battery. We also try to leave a minimal environmental footprint, so we do litter picks in car parks and stop off at larger supermarkets to use their recycling facilities in attempts to offset the environmental downsides of driving. Recently we were up in Northumberland photographing a wedding, now we’re down in Dorset so we can travel the length and breadth of the country. We tend to park in remote laybys and carparks where we’re not bothering anyone, and stay for a few days at a time. As long as we don’t stop somewhere where parking is prohibited then it’s legal. Parking is mostly a civil matter, so in theory we could be approached by landowners or police and asked to move on, but because we were sensible and respectful this has never happened. We have a bike rack at the back of the van, so we often make shorter journeys to pick up supplies from local shops by bike. People often remark that our life is idyllic, but we work hard for it. Thanks to the van, we’re able to work on the move and strike that elusive work-life balance. Some nights, if we’re driving away from a full day photographing a wedding and we’re shattered, we’ll pop a pizza in the van’s oven and pull over when we can smell it’s ready. We really do have everything we need. Just don’t ask us what it’s like if we’ve been cooking with garlic or out for a rainy walk and the van smells of wet dog! As told to Jade Beecroft Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Couple rent out home to travel with baby in camper van MORE : Woman turns old mini bus into sunflower-themed campervan for £20,000 MORE : 15-month-old baby has spent whole life travelling Europe in camper van with parents