It’s time to learn how to start the week the way you want. Using the information the stars provide is an unbeatable way of doing this. And fresh for Monday, we’ve scanned them to provide everything you need. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 23, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 With a lively focus on your sector of communication, the coming weeks can emphasize your enjoyment of networking and connecting with all kinds of people. The intellectual side of your life may be enhanced, so reading and studying could empower you. You might also link up with others who are as serious about something as you, which can be inspiring and supportive, Aries. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A mixed blend of energies can find you forging ahead with a plan that could increase your income. To take full advantage of it Taurus, don’t let the same old doubts prevent you from moving forward. Allow them to drift away, and zero in on what you might accomplish and how good you’ll feel. There is so much to be gained from acting with confidence, and going for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Excited to explore new interests, or to take a step into the unknown? An energizing Sun/Jupiter aspect can be excellent for taking a different path, and gaining experience with something that you are new at. This is a great time to join a group that could help you ease into new interests and gain your footing. And their enthusiasm might be an inspiration that encourages you onwards. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Dynamic energies spanning your spiritual and career zone might act as a catalyst, giving you a powerful push in the right direction. Success is very reliant on your belief in yourself, and a potent Sun/Jupiter aspect could inspire you to take that leap of faith. Don’t listen to others if they tell you that it can’t be done. If you sense even in a small way that it’s possible, then go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Encounters with interesting people can make for some fascinating conversations, and leave you with ideas that you might want to take further. You too could be a source of brilliant solutions and creative thinking that inspires others. With a lively social scene on the cards, the coming days and weeks may see you mingling, and getting involved with some very exciting projects. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As the Sun syncs with Jupiter, you may have an opportunity to hone certain skills. This influence might see you working hard to be the best you can be, whether for your personal satisfaction, to grow a business or because you want to display your talents to a wider audience. This will be a worthwhile pursuit Virgo, as you’ll then be ready to tackle bigger challenges and enjoy them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Positive aspects can bring out the best in you, and could coincide with a meeting that leaves you ready for zesty adventures. Romance is possible with someone who loves to seize new opportunities, and their can-do attitude might be what attracts you to them. You’ll be ready to try something different, and if it encourages you out of your comfort zone Libra, that’s great. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Energy levels may be high over coming days, filling you with optimism and inspiring you to rethink your plans. Have you been aiming too low or sabotaging your best intentions? If so, you’ll be ready to think big, and be more adventurous with your choices. This is a time when actions speak louder than words, so don’t overthink an idea or project Scorpio, just make a start. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Teamwork can make things happen faster than they might normally, and the current star map supports this. Your creative input, along with the abilities of others, could see a project going from strength to strength. You may be asked to take on more than you think you can handle. If so, be bold and have a go. Ready for something different? You’ll be keen to try out a new experience. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 With physical and mental energy higher than usual, you could feel a tad restless Capricorn, and ready for something new. A good walk or a vigorous work out might be just what’s needed to leave you calm and ready to tackle anything. A glowing opportunity can come your way today, or you may pursue one that stands out from the others, and that presents a bit of a challenge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You are at your creative best, with a fabulous aspect encouraging you to put energy into your ideas, even if they may be a bit of a stretch. This is not the time to dwell on past failures, as the coming weeks are jam packed with opportunities that could enhance your life in so many ways. The connections you make might be instrumental in netting you an offer that you can’t refuse. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Thinking of starting a business from home? Today’s Sun/Jupiter link could give you the inspiration and confidence to go ahead. From small beginnings, something worthwhile might develop. You may have to backtrack on one plan though. Don’t worry about postponing it, as new information can show up that allows for a much better experience and outcome, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 15 to May 21 – and the start of Gemini season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid