A boy whose body was found stuffed inside a suitcase discovered in the woods of rural Indiana last month died from dehydration, police said. An autopsy report found that the young boy died from an electrolyte imbalance likely caused by viral gastroenteritis, or the stomach flu, Indiana police said Friday. Investigators believe the boy, who has not been identified, was around five-years-old when he died. The autopsy report concluded that the body showed an ‘absence of significant traumatic injuries,’ meaning that there was no anatomical cause for his death, police said. The boy’s blood toxicology was also negative. ‘Detectives also stated they have no evidence which leads them to believe the child was alive when placed into the suitcase, and that the child was clothed and clean,’ police said in the news release. The suitcase containing the boy’s body was found by a mushroom picker in a heavily wooded area. After making the horrific discovery, the man immediately called 911 to report the child’s body to police. He was found stuffed inside a hard-shell suitcase with a ‘distinctive Las Vegas design on its front and back,’ according to police. Police have not been able to identify the boy, who was described as black, between five and eight-years-old and about 4-feet tall with a slim build and short haircut. He reportedly died at some point within the week before he was found on April 16. Investigators are not ruling out the possibility that the child could be from out of state or even out of the country. ‘Investigators continue to utilize a variety of investigative techniques and have worked with several outside agencies during this investigation,’ the police said. ‘Although numerous tips have been called into the nationwide tip line, detectives have not been able to identify the boy. Investigators are not ruling out the possibility that the child could be from out of state or even out of the country.’ Police say there have been hundreds of tips called in, but none have led to a positive identification of the boy. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.