Everton forward Richarlison has mocked Merseyside rivals Liverpool on social media after the Reds were pipped to the Premier League title on the final day of the season. Despite conceding early against Wolves at Anfield, Liverpool looked to have the title within their grasp for much of Sunday afternoon’s matches after Aston Villa took a two-goal lead at the Etihad. City’s players looked stunned while an equaliser from Sadio Mane meant Liverpool only needed one goal to overtake Pep Guardiola’s side and keep their quest for the quadruple alive. But, with 76 minutes on the clock, Ilkay Gundogan pulled a goal back for City before Rodri equalised two minutes later, and City’s German midfielder then completed a staggering five-minute comeback to seal a 3-2 victory for the champions. Moments after Gundogan had sparked wild scenes of celebration at the Etihad, Mohamed Salah netted for Liverpool – with Andy Robertson adding a third in a 3-1 win – but ultimately it was not enough as the Reds finished just one point behind City. Everton, meanwhile, had survived relegation on Thursday night and put out a second-string team against Arsenal at the Emirates, suffering a heavy 5-1 defeat. Richarlison was not involved after picking up a knock in the come-from-behind victory over Crystal Palace that guaranteed Everton’s safety – though the loss to Arsenal could not overshadow his delight at seeing Liverpool miss out on the title. The Brazilian – who has a rather fractious relationship with Liverpool after injurying Thiago last season – took to social media and posted a well-known gif of Thierry Henry smirking. Richarlison appeared to be taking a clear swipe at Liverpool for failing to win the title – and missing out on the quadruple – and he was inundated with messages from equally mischievous Everton fans and a fair few Liverpool supporters who did not see the funny side. Speaking to beIN Sports after Liverpool fell just short of the title, Jurgen Klopp said: ‘In this moment for us it’s disappointing. First and foremost congratulations to Manchester City, Pep Guardiola and the whole club. ‘We couldn’t do more today, we had to win the game today, and then we needed help – that’s never good in life – but I think Aston Villa made life as uncomfortable for City as Wolves did for us here. That can happen in football but City reacted and I respect that and that’s why they are champions and we are second.’ MORE : Manchester City win Premier League title ahead of Liverpool after dramatic final day MORE : Jurgen Klopp gives Fabinho injury update ahead of Liverpool’s Champions League final clash against Real Madrid For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 