Okay, so you already have plans for your birthday. But did you know you’re missing out on a bunch of other special days to celebrate? Our birthday is actually a solar return (that’s why we say ‘many happy returns’), meaning it’s when the sun returns to the sign it was in when we were born. But all other planets also have a ‘return’ – when they’re back in your star sign – and this means we have a bunch of other cosmic ‘birthdays’ to mark. Don’t get too excited about a birthday every few weeks, though – some of these planetary returns take decades to come around. Oh, and Pluto doesn’t have a human-linked planetary return as it takes 248 years to orbit. The same goes for Neptune, which takes 164 years to return. The fun thing is that each planetary return has its own significance and influence. Your Venus return, for example, is all about love and romance, so it’s a great time to go on a date, while your Jupiter return is packed with good luck… so perhaps enter the lottery then. To work out your specific planetary returns, you’ll need to get your birth chart done or do it online, but a rough guide is ahead. Every year, your birthday. That’s your Sun return. Easy peasy. This hits every 28 days – so you get a lunar birthday every month. This return is a time to reflect and meditate and look inward for personal insights and emerging self-awareness. Your lunar return is about finding out who you are becoming and understanding your journey in life. Be peaceful, calm and contemplative. Your Mercury return happens every year. This is the Zodiac’s winged messenger and governs communication, commerce, travel and intellect. Expect messages, invitations, opportunities and reunions around this time. It’s certainly a time to activate new schemes, roles, side line ventures, travel plans, dream holidays, location moves, studies and courses. Anything that expands your horizons, literally or mentally, is linked to Mercury. Once a year. Venus is a planet of love, so when your Venus return rolls around, make sure you’re prioritising your love life and making exciting things happen. Be confident, ask them out, make a proposal, take things to the next level, invite someone special to do something fun. Expect big developments in your love life during your Venus return – like a birthday gift from Cupid. Mars returns every two years. This planet rules your drive, energy, stamina, and libido – the ‘fuel’ that makes your engine thrum. A Mars return is a good time to activate new endeavours, habits, enterprises and regimes that call upon your energy and ambition, that take you someplace new, that motivate you. Use your gut instinct to pick what’s important. Your Jupiter return happens every 12 years, so when you’re at the age of 12, 24, 36, 48, 60, 72, and 84. Jupiter is all about good fortune and abundance so this is a return to really look at bringing new news, action and opportunity into your life. Fortune favours the bold, so take this attitude and make some bold leaps! Your Saturn return happens every 29 and a half years, so when you’re 30, 60, and 90… and it’s not much fun. Your Saturn return is an astrological ‘coming of age’, teaching us maturity, acceptance of our responsibilities, duties and obligations. Time to grow up, be the adult, focus on material ambitions, security and our service to the larger world and community around us. Uranus returns (don’t laugh, this is very serious) when you’re 42, then when you’re 84. Uranus rules over innovation and change. The Uranus Opposition occurs when the transiting Uranus is directly opposite our Uranus placement in our natal chart. This happens to all of us around 42, just in time for the midlife crisis. Many people suddenly go left-field, and talk about escaping the bonds and obligations that hold them back. It’s a ‘redesign your life’ return. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What the tarot says about your star sign’s love life in spring MORE : How to use crystals for a better night’s sleep MORE : The Big Happiness Interview: John Williams on how to find work that makes you happy