Luke Humphries is making the leap from promising youngster to proven winner on the oche this year and is taking it all in his stride as he plots his course to the top of darts. Cool Hand won his first senior PDC title at a Players Championship in February and has followed that up in stunning fashion, winning three European Tour titles in a little over four weeks in April and May. With three World Championship quarter-finals to his name before this season, success is not out of the blue, but to rack up four titles in the first six months of the year is beyond expectations, even for one of the brightest stars in the sport. Not settling for those quarter-final runs has been key for the 27-year-old, who has learned that aiming big is how to reel in the trophies. ‘I think it comes with experience,’ Humphries told Metro.co.uk. ‘The first few years of my career I was getting to a few quarters, the odd semi and I didn’t really believe I could get to finals. ‘Last year I was making finals but I was more happy to be there than focussing on winning. It’s just excitement, you dream of being in PDC finals, all of a sudden you’re there but you’re not really thinking about winning. ‘This year has been different, completely different. As soon as I got to that first ProTour final, my mind was fully focussed on winning it and it’s been like that in every European Tour I’ve played in this year. It’s no coincidence that after winning the first I’ve won the other two, I’m on a free roll at the minute.’ Humphries’ superb run to the UK Open final in 2021 was something of a turning point on his darts journey, seemingly the first and last time he was happy just to enjoy the occasion of reaching the showpiece match as he was beaten by James Wade. It was also when he proved beyond doubt that he belonged among the elite, having walloped Michael van Gerwen 11-5 in the semi-finals, averaging over 107. ‘It was my first ever PDC final and it opened my eyes to what I can do in the sport,’ he said. ‘People wouldn’t have expected me to play as well as I did against Michael in the semi-final. ‘Everyone knew I was a decent player but I think I cemented it for a lot of people how good I could be. I’ve followed it up with some good darts, had some great achievements and I think there are a lot more to come.’ Maybe it is the invaluable experience on the oche that is bringing the glory to the Humphries household, or maybe it is the news that he is expecting his first son later this year, which seems to have coincided with his fine form. ‘I think it has made a difference!’ Luke said. ‘Ever since we’ve found out, I’ve won all these tournaments, so it certainly hasn’t made it any harder for me. ‘We found out in January, three or four days before I won my first ProTour title. Then found out we were having a boy, and three or four days later I won another title. It seems to be working.’ The new arrival will bring about a whole new pressure, but the intensity on the oche is something that Cool Hand appears to have conquered. His hat-trick of Alexandra Palace quarter-finals have proved he can handle the biggest stages and he relishes the focus on him in front of big crowds. ‘I do like the pressure, I never felt that would be something I’d get used to, but the pressure on the stage makes me play better,’ he said. ‘It’s a weird feeling, it’s different, it makes you want to give everything all the time. Sometimes on the floor I can be guilty of not being as up for it as I could be and I think that’s the key to the stage, I’m really up for it, want to put on a good performance every time and I seem to like the pressure more. ‘I’m more than happy to be a top stage player because that’s where I’ll earn most of my ranking money.’ Humphries’ success is all the more impressive knowing that anxiety had blighted him early in his young career, but after speaking out about his mental health he has learned to manage it and not let it affect his arrows. ‘It’s something I’ll always have to deal with, it’ll never leave me forever but it’s definitely more managed,’ he explained. ‘I’m in a much, much better place than I was two or three years ago. ‘It was holding me back, it was hard for me to shut off and when you’re by yourself in hotels or wherever the anxiety creeps in because you’re just thinking all the time and you can’t help it. ‘It’s not gone, but I manage it a lot better now, I don’t get really bad episodes anymore, no real bad panic waves, just anxiousness sometimes. But going up on stage it’s not really affected me, it just comes at random times, but it’s something I have to deal with and I think I’m doing alright at the moment. ‘It was affecting my darts, that’s why I came out and was open and honest about it a few years ago, I was getting anxious episodes on stage, it was quite scary in front of all those people, I didn’t know what to do, I just wanted to walk off stage. I don’t get that anymore, it’s something I’ve got under control and it’s not going to stop me reaching the heights of darts like I thought it was going to.’ Humphries did seek some professional help to get his anxiety under control, but feels he largely found his own way of dealing with it, and speaking publicly about it was a big part of turning things around. ‘I did go for some cognitive behavioural therapy, but I think I mainly did it myself. You’ve got to learn to accept the feelings and manage them in the best way possible for you. I don’t struggle too badly with it anymore, I’ve learned to manage it, accept the feelings and recognise the triggers of when it’s happening. ‘It definitely helped speaking out. Sometimes I’d get it at Pro Tours and I felt like people were watching me, staring at me when they weren’t. It was all on top of me and I just wanted to be open about it. ‘I knew people were doing it in different sports and I wanted to break the mould a bit in darts and be honest. ‘Quite a few pros said to me straight away that they experienced it too and thought it was just them. It shocked me how many darts players said they got it too, I thought I was the only one. It was the best decision to say something, because it allowed us all to realise we’re not alone, it’s quite common.’ With those struggles of the past under control, trophies rolling in and up to number 13 in the world rankings, Humphries is ready to keep riding this wave and both wants and expects plenty more success in the months to come. ‘I’ve always dreamed of being in the top 16, for a day or 30 years, just to get in there would be amazing,’ he said. ‘But the position I’m in now it’s not going to be for a day is it? It looks like some years to come. ‘I’m happy to be where I am, I deserve to be there, but I’m not happy to settle, that top eight is something I can get hold of at the end of the year or after the World Championship, I don’t think that’s an unrealistic goal. In this sport the sky’s the limit and the hard work and dedication will take you as far as you want it to. ‘I’d also love to pick up a major this year. I think my time is slowly but surely coming. There’s no guarantee in winning major titles, it’s another step to go. I’m not putting myself under pressure or rushing it, but if it comes I’ll be very, very happy ‘The Premier League is also something I talk about a lot and want to be involved in.’ The Premier League is somewhat different from other goals in the sport as most players have to try and make their case to get into the invitational event, but that is something Cool Hand is happy to do. ‘Sometimes the Premier League can get a bit stale, you get players that seem to moan a little bit, complaining about being tired a lot,’ he said. ‘It’s part and parcel of being in the Premier League, if it affects them that much then maybe have a year out and let some other people that are desperate to play in it have a go. ‘I think I’d flourish, I play well against the top players and I just want to test myself and see what I’m like in a Premier League scenario. I think I’d do well, but I’ll never know until I get in there. Top eight and Premier League for next year, that would be incredible in my books.’ Full of confidence right now, but well aware of how quickly things can change on the oche, Humphries is desperate to cash in on his fine form and keep climbing the PDC ladder. ‘Darts can be very strange, you can be right at the top one minute then right at the bottom the next,’ he said. ‘This has come a lot quicker than I ever expected. I’m really pleased with the way I’ve been playing and how it’s been going. ‘There’s a lot more tournaments coming up and I’ve going to win as many as I can.’ MORE : Joe Cullen pleased to ‘shut a few people up’ as he books Premier League Darts Play-Off spot MORE : James Wade returns to Premier League Darts after hospitalisation in Germany For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 