Pete Doherty has revealed how two historic incidents led to both his earlobes being bitten off. The 43-year-old indie legend opened up on a pair of gruesome altercations – one allegedly with a photographer, another with someone in the pub – and insisted he’s got ‘chunks missing’ all over his body. ‘I’ve got chunks missing all over the place. I was swinging at the paparazzi in Italy – the guy took his camera, had me by the throat and bit off part of my earlobe,’ he said. ‘Someone else bit off part of my other earlobe in a pub in Stoke. I think he just wanted a souvenir.’ The Libertines star – who has been open about his battle with addiction over the years – admitted he’s ‘hedged [his] bets’ during his rollercoaster life, but he’s always had faith in the idea of ‘happy Hollywood endings’. ‘I’m surprised I’m not dead,’ he told The Observer. ‘I’ve hedged my bets with all the scrapes, skirmishes and disasters, but I do believe in corny, happy Hollywood endings. I’m not a good guy, but I’m not evil.’ Pete – who is clean now – insisted he was always ‘quite happy’ to be addicted to drugs, but he’s now acknowledged the impact they had on him and he couldn’t be happier to have turned his life around with the love and support of his wife, Katia de Vidas. He added: ‘I’ve managed to get out of the addictive cycle – which I maintained all along I was quite happy in – but I was pretty f**ked, and I’ve never really admitted to that. I’ve entered a phase of rejuvenation. ‘Marriage is the bolster; I have the love and support of someone I love. I’m blessed to be alive, not sat in a hedge in Old Street, injecting into my groin.’ As well as his relationship, Pete pointed to the way his dogs have been a great source of comfort and solace over the years. ‘My dogs are my salvation. I was up at 6am and have been out twice this morning. Striding through the forest and fields is therapeutic,’ he admitted. ‘I keep Zeus on a lead – he’s not popular with the cats – but Gladys only chases wild pigs and deer and can’t catch them.’ Meanwhile, earlier this year Pete revealed he nearly lost his feet after ‘running out of veins’, and told the Mirror: ‘I was really pushing the limits. There were a few close calls really. I nearly lost my feet and horrible things like that… ‘It was very close, just because of the injecting. That’s what happens when you run out of veins. It all seems so long ago now though but it was a hell of a ride.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pete Doherty forced to cancel show on doctor’s orders after needing ‘immediate treatment’ for respiratory infection MORE : Pete Doherty marries bandmate Katia de Vidas – and even performs at his own wedding 