Boris Johnson is expected to throw his cabinet secretary under the bus over the Downing Street parties in 2020 and 2021 to save his job, sources say. After reports of a ‘secret meeting’ with Sue Gray about the Partygate saga several weeks ago, there are concerns the prime minister is looking for a scapegoat. Whitehall officials believe the man set to take the blame is the head of the civil service Simon Case, who has not received a fine from the Metropolitan Police. According to a senior figure, Ms Gray’s report could be even more damaging for the Tory leader than the fine he was given in April for attending his own birthday party. They stressed ‘it will make clear’ the PM was involved in other events, which may have breached Covid-19, but for which the police did not fine him. ‘From my expectation of what I know it will be the real deal. There will be detail. There will be evidence,’ the source told the Guardian. ‘She [Ms Gray] is going to say this is under your watch, this is your house, all that kind of stuff.’ As the UK’s most senior civil servant, Mr Case is expected to be heavily criticised in Ms Gray’s report for allowing a rife drinking culture to develop and for rule-breaking parties to go on for two years. Officials believe he will be forced to offer his resignation as a result, or be sacked by Mr Johnson. ‘That is probably why he [Mr Case] is still there,’ said one source. ‘Because Mr Johnson needs a body.’ Mr Gray is due to publish the long-awaited report in the middle of next week and the PM is preparing to make a statement to the House of Commons. She was forced to delay the publication of the damning document after the Met Police launched their own inquiry into the allegations. After issuing a total of 126 Covid fines – making Downing Street and Whitehall the most penalised place in the country, the force closed the high-profile probe, which led to several Tory MPs call for the PM’s resignation earlier this year. Mr Johnson received one fine over his infamous ‘ambushed by cake’ birthday party, along with his wife Carrie and chancellor Rishi Sunak. Metro.co.uk has contacted the Cabinet Office for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.