As we prepare to welcome back the annual fashion fest that is the Met Gala, let’s pour one out for the celebrities who won’t be sashaying up the red carpet in 2022. Seemingly the event you want to get a coveted invitation to, the Gala held at New York’s Metropolitan Museum Of Art for its Costume Institute, provides us with what is considered, hands down, the best red carpet out there with a guest list to rival them all. From Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson, to Amal Clooney, Hailey Bieber, Lil Nas X, Lady Gaga, and the undisputed queen of the Met Gala, Rihanna, we’ve seen the stars rock up in costumes ranging from the inspired to the downright WTF. And with this year’s theme, being the second in a two-part series, following on from last year’s In America: A Lexicon of Fashion, instead named In America: An Anthology of Fashion, we can only expect the Gilded Glamour dress code to bring out the best. But perhaps more conversation-sparking than Jared Leto holding a figure of his own head, or Katy Perry coming dressed as a literal chandelier, is the list of stars who have been ‘blacklisted’ by bosses over the years – or, perhaps more interestingly, those who have seemingly blacklisted themselves. Shall we take a look? Is it any big surprise that former US President Donald Trump isn’t on the invitation list? Probably not, but he’s here anyway. During an appearance on James Corden’s The Late Late Show, Vogue editor and Met Gala host Anna Wintour herself confirmed that Trump – who has attended over the years, and apparently proposed to wife Melania there in 2004 – was banned, after she was asked which celebrity she would never, ever invite to the Met Gala. Much like florals for spring, this one wasn’t so shocking. Fashion TV personality Tim Gunn revealed he got himself ‘banned’ from the event after sharing a seemingly unsavoury comment about Met gatekeeper Anna. When asked about the rumours in 2016, he said: ‘It is very true. It is a crazy story, and as far as I’m concerned, it’s a very matter-of-fact story. I was asked what is the most unforgettable thing I’ve ever seen in fashion and I said, “It’s easy. It was watching Anna Wintour being carried down five flights of stairs by two bodyguards—two big hulking men—from a fashion show.” ‘All hell broke loose. It was insane. We’ve had an open war ever since.’ While the Oscars host would probably score an invite due to her star status, Amy Schumer may not RSVP. In 2016 the comedian attended the annual event in Alexander Wang, but afterward told the Howard Stern Show her not so complimentary thoughts on the shindig. She said: ‘It’s people doing an impression of having a conversation. … I don’t like the farce. We’re dressed up like a bunch of f**king a**holes.’ Amy added: ‘I have no interest in fashion. I don’t care. I left earlier than I should have been allowed. …I got to meet Beyoncé and she was like, “Is this your first Met Gala?” And I was like, “It’s my last!”‘ Be that as it may, she went on to not only score an invitation to the 2017 event, but attended in Zac Posen couture. Not going is easier said than done, it seems. Echoing Amy’s sentiments, Girls star Lena – who has attended several times since 2011 – previously hinted she was not a fan of the annual event. Writing alongside Amy in her newsletter Lenny letter, Lena said: ‘You and I were literally sitting across from each other at the Met Ball, and it was like a crazy countdown to when we could escape. You were like, “We’re honored to be here. We’re honored to be here”. ‘I attempted to grind my ass on Michael B. Jordan for an additional 20 minutes and then left right after you. [sic]’ Much like Amy, though, Lena attended the gala again. 30 Rock star Tina Fey went to the Gala in 2010 and never returned. Why? ‘If you had a million arms and all the people you would punch in the whole world, they’re all there,’ she told David Letterman in 2015. ‘It is so unbelievable. Clearly, I’ll never go again. But you go, and it’s this beautiful space and it’s just every jerk from every walk of life is there wearing, like, some stupid thing.’ That might be why. Another who may not be making a grand return to the Met’s steps is Demi Lovato. After opening up to Billboard of their Met Gala attendance in 2016, we wouldn’t be surprised if it was their last. They explained: ‘I had a terrible experience. This one celebrity was a complete b*tch and was miserable to be around. It was very cliquey. I remember being so uncomfortable that I wanted to drink.’ They added they went straight from the gala to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting: ‘I changed my clothes, but I still had my diamonds on — millions of dollars of diamonds on in an AA meeting. And I related more to the homeless people in that meeting who struggled with the same struggles that I deal with than the people at the Met Gala — fake and sucking the fashion industry’s d**k.’ Well then. While at the Met Gala in 2016 with then-partner Gigi Hadid, it seems Zayn was looking in one direction: toward the exit. He went on to tell GQ: ‘The Met Gala is not necessarily anything that I ever knew about or was about. But my [former] stylist…would say to me, “This is really good for you to do.” And no matter how strong you are mentally, you can always be swayed to do certain things. ‘Now, it’s not something I would go to. I’d rather be sitting at my house, doing something productive, than dressing up in really expensive clothes and being photographed on a red carpet….To do the self-indulgent “Look at me, I’m amazing thing” on the red carpet, it’s not me.’ While Gwyneth may have told the Kyle and Jackie O radio show in 2013 her time at the Met ball ‘sucked’ and ‘it seems like it’s the best thing in the world, you always think, Oh my god, it’s gonna be so glamorous and amazing and you’re going to see all these people and then you get there and it’s so hot and it’s so crowded and everyone’s pushing you. I think we’re all a bit old to dress up punk,’ she did get invited back in 2017. She is the queen of Goop, after all. Maybe event bosses just needed a few years to calm down. Amid rumours she was on the no-go list, Khloe Kardashian insisted it wasn’t the case. And, turns out she was right, as she’s apparently set to head to the event tonight alongside her sisters… MORE : Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker are a total power couple as they head to NYC dinner with Kendall Jenner on Met Gala eve MORE : Olivia Rodrigo stuns in cheeky chainmail dress in New York ahead of rumoured Met Gala appearance Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.