Tom Parker’s wife, Kelsey, has opened up on the last moments she shared with The Wanted star before his death, saying it was ‘still beautiful until the very end’. In March this year, Tom died at the age of 33 after suffering from a brain tumour, having been diagnosed with cancer two years previously. The news was confirmed on social media by Kelsey, who shares two children with Tom, two-year-old daughter Aurelia and one-year-old son Bodhi. In a new interview, Kelsey said that when Tom died in the hospice, ‘it was just us and there was so much love in that room’, adding that it ‘was romantic even then’. ‘He said, “I know you’re going to be OK’. He then took off his wedding ring and put it on my finger,’ she recollected. ‘I think he knew then it was the end but he still had the Tom fight in him. He didn’t want to go.’ Speaking to The Sun on Sunday, Kelsey said that the singer ‘wasn’t in any pain’ emphasising how much ‘love’ there was in the room when they were together. In his final moments, they had music playing in the room, with the musician listening to Live Forever by Oasis as he died. ‘He was sedated and I was holding his hand,’ Kelsey said. ‘When he passed away I closed his eyes and I gave him a kiss and said I love you. I told him he was my everything.’ Kelsey, who married Tom in 2018, said that before he died, she asked him to give her signs every day, which he said he would. After his death, she went outside and saw a feather fall down from the sky, which she said she ‘knew’ was from him and has kept. Kelsey shared how difficult it was to tell her children that their dad had died, explaining that they have been ‘really really honest with the children because you have to’. She also disclosed that she and Tom didn’t discuss funeral arrangements, as they were ‘Positive Parkers’ and they ‘never spoke about it’. However, she added that he would have loved the ceremony, stating: ‘I don’t think he ever realised how many hearts he actually touched’. In the statement Kelsey released to announce Tom’s death, she wrote: ‘Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence. ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you.’ Tom died a week after he announced that he was set to release a book about his health journey in July. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wanted re-release Gold Forever for charity in memory of Tom Parker after ‘beautiful’ reaction to special version MORE : The Wanted share emotional tribute video in memory of bandmate Tom Parker, following his funeral: ‘Sleep well brother’ 