A Tory MP’s son fighting in Ukraine has told of how he helped a fellow British fighter escape a Russian ambush after his leg was blown up by a mine. Ben Grant, 30, helped drag his comrade to safety as mortars and artillery were fired towards them in woodland north of Kharkiv earlier this month. The intense fight and dramatic rescue was filmed on a helmet-mounted camera. The former Royal Marine, who is the son of Conservative MP Helen Grant, said he was ‘terrified’ but focused on getting his comrade out of danger after he knelt on landmine that ‘blew half his leg off’. In the footage, which has been shared with the Telegraph, Ben can be heard shouting: ‘We’ve got to move now or we’re gonna die!’ as he and comrades dragged former Grenadier Guardsman Dean Arthur to safety. The volunteer group managed to carry Dean through the undergrowth before treating his wound with a tourniquet and dressing as bullets flew over their heads. Under constant fire the soldiers then desperately tried to encourage Dean to walk by shouting: ‘Come on Dean! Last bit, Keep going!’ ‘What was so scary was being so limited by trying to carry someone, when I can’t pull my weapon up, while there are attack helicopters overhead and tanks firing through the woods,’ Ben told the Telegraph. ‘It was unreal – I’ve never experienced anything like that in my life. ‘Trying to do this [first aid] mid-firefight while there are Russians shooting over us and around us is just so difficult’. Ben, an Afghanistan veteran who has been in Ukraine since March, said the fighting he had witnessed in Ukraine had been worse than any he had previously experienced. He told the newspaper that his foreign volunteer unit had been gearing up for an assault on a Russian-held target when they were spotted by drones and ambushed. ‘I think we must have been spotted by drones beforehand and they had set up their lines… so as we went in the mass firefight broke out,’ Ben said. Dean, 42, from Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, said: ‘It was excruciating pain, with rounds incoming’. He added that he was ‘lucky’ to have escaped alive. ‘This type of camaraderie is only forged in these situations. If the coin was flipped, it was one of those guys, I would have got them out.’ Dean’s leg was saved by doctors, and he is in hospital in Kyiv where he said his injury is ‘healing great’. The government has advised against Britons travelling to Ukraine and defence secretary Ben Wallace has warned British soldiers could be prosecuted for desertion if they head to Ukraine to fight against Russian forces. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.