CBBC and BBC Four TV channels will be closing, it’s been confirmed. Director General Tim Davie made the announcement today, explaining younger audiences are turning to streaming channels such as Netflix and Disney Plus. He stressed, however, the changes won’t come in for at least another three years. Speaking to BBC staff on Thursday, Davie said: ‘This is our moment to build a digital-first BBC. ‘Something genuinely new, a Reithian organisation for the digital age, a positive force for the UK and the world. ‘Independent, impartial, constantly innovating and serving all. A fresh, new, global digital media organisation which has never been seen before.’ ‘Driven by the desire to make life and society better for our licence fee payers and customers in every corner of the UK and beyond. ‘They want us to keep the BBC relevant and fight for something that in 2022 is more important than ever. ‘To do that we need to evolve faster and embrace the huge shifts in the market around us.’ He added: ‘I believe in a public service BBC for all, properly funded, relevant for everyone, universally available, and growing in the on-demand age. This plan sets us on that journey.’ The move means programmes such as Blue Peter and Newsround will continue as digital first brands for the first time. CBBC has delighted children since its inception in 1985 as a free-to-air TV channel. It was launched to provide a wealth of content for children and young people aged six to 17, and covers a range of programming including drama, entertainment, comedy, animation, news and factual. CBBC’s most popular shows over the years include Tracy Beaker, Blue Peter, The Sarah Jane Adventures, Horrible Histories and Newsround. BBC Four, which is home to BBC Proms, BBC Young Dancer and BBC Young Musician, was launched in 2002 and has traditionally shown mainly arts and documentary content, as well as various international dramas. BBC World News and the BBC News channel will also merge to create a single 24-hour TV news channel serving both UK and international audiences. The channel, which will be called BBC News, will ‘offer greater amounts of shared content’, according to the broadcaster, but with the ability to offer separate broadcasts depending on what is happening in the UK and abroad. Critics of the changes called the announcement ‘very sad news’. ‘Oh my god ??? This is heartbreaking,’ someone absolutely gutted by the news wrote on Twitter, which was echoed by many more. Philippa Childs, head of broadcasting union Bectu, said: ‘We recognise the need for organisations to change and adapt and welcome the BBC’s commitment to step up to the challenges of a changing media landscape and build a digital-first corporation. ‘However, once again we see the impact of poorly judged political decisions on workers as the Government’s decision to freeze the licence fee has instigated these real-term job cuts. ‘This announcement lays bare that below the political shrill about the BBC is the reality – hugely talented and dedicated people who work hard to deliver critical services to the nation and beyond are now facing yet more job losses and continued uncertainty. ‘Bectu will fully engage in every aspect of these proposals and we will be doing everything we can to support our members. We will be working to ensure that change is not cost cutting for the sake of it, but truly does position the BBC strongly for the future and delivers the best possible outcomes for members.’ Davie also announced around 1,000 jobs will be cut across the BBC as part of an estimated £500,000,000 cut. The announcement comes just two months after the revival of BBC Three, which was relaunched on linear television for the first time in six years. The BBC also faces the potential scrap of the license fee after culture secretary Nadine Dorries confirmed she plans to find a new funding model before the current deal ends in 2027. She described the current deal as ‘completely outdated’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 