The Met Police are asking people arriving from Ukraine to report any evidence of war crimes. Arrivals from the Eastern European nation that Russia invaded in February have been urged to contact authorities via a poster at Heathrow airport. It says: ‘If you have been in Ukraine and may have witnessed or been a victim of any possible war crimes or crimes against humanity, then you can report this to UK police.’ The sign adds you can report any evidence using a QR code of by making yourself known to a police officer at the airport. The poster states the request ‘is in support of the International Criminal Court (ICC) investigation into possible war crimes in Ukraine since November 2013’. The sign was tweeted by financier and political activist Bill Browder, who wrote: ‘This is very good. Hopefully the same thing is going on everywhere in Europe.’ Kyiv has accused Russia of atrocities and brutality against civilians during the invasion and said it has identified more than 10,000 possible war crimes. On Monday, a Russian soldier was jailed for life after becoming first war criminal of the Ukraine war. Vadim Shishimarin, a 21-year-old tank commander, had pleaded guilty to killing 62-year-old Oleksandr Shelipov in the northeastern Ukrainian village of Chupakhivka on February 28. The Metropolitan Police’s War Crimes Team said it had received 50 referrals relating to alleged war crimes linked to the Ukraine conflict as of 22 April. The majority related to incidents across Ukraine since the latest phase of the conflict began in February. Detective Chief Superintendent Dominic Murphy, Head of Operations for the Met’s Counter Terrorism Command, said: ‘Since the start of the recent military activity in February, our officers have been proactively engaging with Ukrainian communities in the UK. ‘This is to make sure anyone here in the UK who has received direct evidence of potential war crimes knows that this can be reported to us, but also to make sure that anyone affected by these terrible events can also be given the support and help that they might need.’ Russia has denied targeting civilians or involvement in war crimes while it carries out what it calls a ‘special military operation’ in Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.