Sunday might be a day to rest, but today’s horoscope suggests you’ve got a decision to make. And with a Quarter Moon on the cards, there could be some tricky problems to consider. Got a plan in the works, Taurus? You might have a tough time getting others on side. Meanwhile for Aries and Capricorn, finances could be the issue at hand. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 8, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 While a plan may have got off to an excellent start, the Quarter Moon suggests costs might be at a critical stage. The question is whether you should continue, aim for less than you wanted, or stop now before it all gets too expensive. How important is this to you, Aries? If it makes your heart sing, then perhaps you could find a way to raise the extra cash, and see it through to the end. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Getting the agreement of family may be necessary, if you need their approval for a plan. Will it be forthcoming though? The Quarter Moon is a stubborn one, so getting the go-ahead might not be easy. And today’s lunar phase suggests you may be at a critical phase, and needing to make a decision soon. You could consider a compromise. And it might work out better than you think. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 If you’ve kept something a secret, then this can be the time you decide to talk about it. You may have reached the stage where you realize that people are soon going to find out anyway. And perhaps it’s not such a big deal as you think. Besides, with Mercury in your sign, you’ll be a lot more talkative, and might have given it away by accident. Now is certainly the time, Gemini. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Keen to make a dream come true? You may decide not to bother if money is an issue. And yet there are times when going ahead regardless, will bring you the resources you need without you having to struggle for them. If your heart is truly in this, and it means a lot to you, then this might be the case. If you do drop this due to financial constraints, you could well pick it up again soon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Are new doors opening for you? The Quarter Moon in your sign, could see you evaluating an opportunity, and wondering if this is the time to explore it further. If your instincts tell you to go ahead, then do consider it. Stay on the alert too though, as over the coming days other options can show up out of the blue, and one of these may be equally interesting and exciting to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Thinking of taking on a challenge? Today can be key, as the Quarter Moon in a secluded sector, encourages you to listen to your intuition when making a decision that could change your destiny. This prompt to action might also be down to a powerful dream that encourages you to follow your heart. If it involves a leap of faith, you may be in two minds though, Virgo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Much as you might want to do something solo because it gives you total control, you may reach a stage where you need others’ help to continue. This could cause a dilemma, but when you realize how much more you can get done with assistance, it becomes the obvious choice, Libra. You’ll find that things go from strength to strength, and you’ll feel better for having this support. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 If you find yourself vying for an opportunity, job or a career related option, it could result in some tension over coming days. The temptation to push forward can be a strong one, and might lead to some competition and perhaps additional stress. While aiming for top spot isn’t a bad thing, a more relaxed approach may see everything falling into place without so much angst. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Ideas that have a philosophical basis could encourage you to change your habits, the way you handle your resources, and how you make use of your skills. This may be down to a lunar phase that enables you to see the bigger picture, and to understand what you need to do to move your life forward. This might involve some streamlining and restructuring, but it will be worth it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Today’s lunar phase can be crucial for deciding whether to go ahead with a project or not. Cost could be a factor, especially if you’re wondering whether this will make a good investment. Avoid rushing things, as the days ahead may bring a surge of energy and support that might make it viable. You may need to make some key changes, but if anything, this can enhance it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A potent influence suggests that you might not want to let anyone down, and yet trying to keep everyone happy may be exhausting. Such feelings can encourage you to create healthier boundaries by saying no and meaning it. However, under today’s tense backdrop, this might not be easy. Someone could have a meltdown if you refuse to cater to them, which won’t be nice. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may have a great idea, but how are you going to fit it into your current schedule? Today’s Quarter Moon encourages you to think about this before you commit to going ahead. How much do you care about this? If it’s something you’re thrilled about, you’ll make the time. If you’re uncertain, then this could be a deciding factor. As long as you’re happy, that’s all that counts. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness