Ukrainian troops claim they have destroyed an entire battalion of Russian tanks trying to cross a bridge. Vladimir Putin recently moved his fight from Kyiv to the east of Ukraine – where there are some Russian separatist supporters. Having more backing in an already unstable region may have set Moscow’s troops up to perform better there. But Ukrainian authorities say the Russians are being defeated in the east too. Footage appears to show several burnt out Kremlin military vehicles on either side of the Siverskyi Donets River in the Donbas Region. Parts of a bridge can be seen in the river but the rest of it has been destroyed and is submerged in the water. The governor of the region said Ukraian Army’s 17th tank brigade had fought the Russian military on that bridge twice. Ukraine has also claimed Russian troops are withdrawing from Kharkiv, its second largest city, after losing the battle there. It comes as Russia has issued fresh nuclear threats, promising to wipe Britain out in less than four minutes and Finland in 10 seconds. These were triggered by Finland’s announcement that it will soon apply to join Nato. The nation must complete a few more steps before the application process can begin but membership is pretty certain. Neighbouring Sweden is also expected to decide to join Nato in the coming days as both it, along with Finland, signed security pacts with the UK. Finland shares an 830-mile (1,340-kilometer) land border with Russia and has historically been neutral – as a buffer between the east and the west. The Kremlin has previously warned of ‘military and political repercussions’ if Sweden and Finland decide to join the alliance. Ironically, the Russian invasion of Ukraine is said to have spurred a rise in public support for the alliance. The most recent nuclear threats have been made with the Satan-2 hypersonic missile. The weapon of mass destruction was test-launched by Russia last month, when Putin said it was not like ‘anything in the world’ and would make countries think twice about interfering with his bloody war on Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.