Friends star Mike Hagerty has died aged 67, his family have confirmed. The actor appeared in the iconic sitcom from 1994 until 2004, and was also known for his role in HBO’s Somebody, Somewhere. Hagerty’s co-star Bridget Everett paid tribute to the star, stating that he was ‘adored’ by all who knew and worked with him. Confirming the news of his death, the stand-up comedian wrote: ‘With great sadness, the family of Michael G. Hagerty announced his death yesterday in Los Angeles.’ Everett – who joined Somebody, Somewhere in 2022 – added on Instagram: ‘A beloved character actor, his love of his hometown of Chicago and his family were the cornerstones of his life. ‘Mike, a devoted husband, is survived by his wife Mary Kathryn, his sister Mary Ann Hagerty, her wife Kathleen O’Rourke, and their daughter Meg.’ She added that ‘he will be sorely missed.’ Everett went on to share a series of personal photos of herself with Hagerty, writing a sweet tribute to her ‘special’ friend. ‘I loved Mike the instant i met him. He was so special. Warm, funny, never met a stranger. We are devastated he has passed,’ she added. ‘Mike was adored by the entire cast and crew of Somebody Somewhere. Our thoughts are with his wife and family.’ Celebrity fans and friends were quick to offer their condolences and to honour the actor, with Comedy Central actress Amy Sedaris commenting: ‘NOOOOOOOOO This is very sad,’ while Chelsea Handler commented: ‘Oh, no.’ Sarah Jessica Parker also wrote: ‘No. No. No. no. Oh terrible loss and k will miss him on your show. Heartbreaking. Admired him for years. X’ Hagerty’s cause of death has not been disclosed. The TV star played Mr. Treeger in NBC classic Friends, giving fans of the series many memorable moments over the years. Arguably one of his most famous would be in season 4, in the episode titled, The One With the Ballroom Dancing, during which Joey (played by Matt LeBlanc) reluctantly agreed to be the building superintendent’s dance partner after he threatened to have Monica (Courtney Cox) and Rachel (Jennifer Aniston) evicted. Hagerty was also a series regular on other sitcoms, including Fox’s The George Carlin Show between 1994 and 1995. He also appeared in Lucky Louie on HBO and his CV boasts other credits including Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Glee, Cheers, Community, CSI, Curb Your Enthusiasm and Entourage. Somebody, Somewhere was his most recent job, where he played farmer Ed Miller. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gordon Ramsay sells plush Cornwall mansion for ‘record £7,500,000’ MORE : Halsey passionately defends abortion rights, calls on others to ‘fight’: ‘This will spiral into lethal situations’ 