The winners of the capital’s top award for architectural excellence have been revealed, and they’re every bit as impressive as you’d expect. Some 42 projects – among them schools, workspaces and affordable homes – received a prestigious Royal Institute Of British Architects (RIBA) London Award, and on May 24 one of them will be crowned 2022 RIBA London Building Of The Year. ‘The 2022 RIBA London Awards have been given for outstanding design across a very diverse range of building typologies and scales,’ says Dian Small, RIBA London regional director. ‘We are delighted to see sustainability at the forefront of our award-winning projects. Inventive selection and use of construction materials and a shift towards retrofitting and Passivhaus solutions has been clearly demonstrated.’ Here we take a closer look at five of our favourite award-winners… Designed by architect Rhys Cannon for his own family, this new four-bedroom house is tucked away on an awkwardly-shaped plot in a south-east London conservation area. Inside it’s surprisingly light and airy, with windows at the sides and back, accommodation spread out over three storeys, and views over green space. Judges cited the ingenuity and thoughtfulness required to deliver the build are evident throughout. Check it out via Gruff Architects. In meeting the brief to create a contemporary, industrial-inspired two-bedroom home in Surbiton that wasn’t simply an open-plan box, the architects have combined versatile, flowing living spaces with references to the suburban surroundings. For example, the A-shape of the house’s steel frame is a nod to its mock-Tudor neighbours, and the Crittall-style glazing is a fresh take on 1930s leaded windows. The way industrial materials were used to provide calm and sophisticated spaces, on a modest budget, were admired by the judging panel. Check it out via Surman Weston. This brick and timber house occupies a narrow plot at the end of a short 1960s terrace in a predominantly Victorian neighbourhood. Rather than trying to blend in, it dares to be different, featuring internal courtyards, a top-lit staircase, exposed brickwork and a Mexican-inspired clay plaster finish, which subtly changes colour from room to room. The workmanship and the skill in bringing a touch of Mexico to east London were lauded by judges. Check it out via Mcmahon Architecture. When it came to refurbishing a tiny, wedged-shaped South Kensington mews house that’s only a metre wide at its narrowest end, the only way was up – and down. The solution was to add a basement level incorporating a second bedroom, raise the roof, insert a mezzanine leading to a mini-terrace and rejig the entire layout. Despite the small footprint, the judges loved the proportions and the amount of light flooding the new spaces. Check it out via Creativemass. Pop culture references – including a partially ruined wall inspired by Trainspotting and a Disneyesque mountain stage crowning the new kitchen/diner – abound in this extended, reconfigured and thermally upgraded south London Edwardian semi, which is quite unlike any other. The judges were impressed by a design, which they say promotes individuality, expression and experimentation at a time when many projects of this type are an exercise in good taste and maximising financial value – pointing out that the house is coherent, liveable and flexible – should future owners decide to change it to suit their taste. Check it out via Can. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The perfect manor for DIY fans is up for sale in Cornwall MORE : You can live like royalty in this 1960s castle on sale for £350,000 MORE : Former Cornish silver mine engine house which was converted into a stunning four storey home goes on the market for £750,000