Kendall Jenner wasn’t exactly a cut above the rest when she attempted to slice a cucumber recently, with her failed attempt providing the internet with lols for days. But, the model refuses to admit defeat and has picked up her knife once more to give it another go. The reality star, 26, was absolutely roasted online last week after she struggled to cut a cucumber into slices while making a snack, the downside to being a megastar of course, being that your awkward moments are usually broadcast to millions of people. Kendall’s blunder aired on her family’s new reality series, The Kardashians, on Hulu, and Twitter users were quick to brand it ‘the funniest thing I’ve ever seen.’ Momager Kris Jenner watched on as Kendall failed to understand where to place her hands on the vegetable to hold it, crossing them over in an uncomfortable position. Kris even offered to get the chef to make Kendall’s snack, which the Twitterverse thought was utterly ‘tragic.’ However, while Kendall was thought to be unhappy with the jokes made about her, she’s remaining defiant and shared with her 283million followers that she’s back in the kitchen. Kendall posted a picture of a cucumber lying next to a knife on a snazzy chopping board on her marble kitchen top, writing, ‘here we go again’ next to it. Alas, the Victoria’s Secret model did not film the moment for us all to see, but at least she appears in good spirits and she’s able to take a joke. As well as her viral cucumber video, Kendall made headlines recently after business mogul Kris encouraged her young daughter to freeze her eggs because it ‘might be time’ for her to have children. Kendall – who is currently dating Phoenix Suns star Devin Booker – is the only Kardashian/Jenner sister without kids, with older brother Brody Jenner also being child-free. So, Kris naturally took it upon herself to try and get the ball rolling for her second youngest, but Kendall was having none of it. ‘It’s my life,’ she reminded her mother, finding the conversation extremely uncomfortable. Easy-going Kendall frequently makes jokes about being the ‘odd one out’ in her famous family, especially when it comes to group photos. For the moment, she’s ‘not ready’ to start a family, and is perfectly happy being the cool, rich, laidback auntie who has the luxury of playing with the little ones while they’re happy before handing them back when the get teary – she has the best of both worlds. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dawson’s Creek star Michelle Williams glows on Cannes red carpet as she unveils baby bump after confirming pregnancy news MORE : Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker still in honeymoon bliss during loved-up stroll in Italy 