Okay Royal fans, you might not be able to live in Buckingham Palace or Balmoral Castle. But there are plenty of homes out there with connections to royalty. From an Elizabethan country pad to Princess Diana’s former flatshare, these swish apartments and grand houses can be found in London and around the UK. But there’s an obvious warning – these don’t come cheap. Here are some of the exclusive residences fit for a queen… or a king. The ultimate royal watchers’ home, with views straight into Buckingham Palace’s 40-acre gardens (the Queen and her entourage of corgis have been spotted alighting from a helicopter), No 1 Palace Street sits on a vast island site, with a main entrance opposite the Queen’s Gallery. Part of the hotly contested ‘Buckingham Palace quarter’ in SW1, luxury developer Northacre has transformed a Beaux-Arts building — originally used to put up Queen Victoria’s guests when the Palace had run out of rooms — into 72 high-spec trophy homes. Residents are serviced by a 24-hour concierge and have use of a swanky  gym, swimming pool and 14-seat cinema. Apartments range in size from 679sq ft to 5,343sq ft, with prices from £2.65million for a one-bedroom home, £3.95million for two bedrooms and £6.95million for three bedrooms. Four-bedroom homes start from £15.2million. Keep binoculars at the ready by the floor-to-ceiling sash windows for royal garden party season. Apartments on sale from £2.65million via No 1 Palace Street. A swish three-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment is for sale in Coleherne Court, in Old Brompton Road SW5, an Edwardian building that bears an English Heritage Blue Plaque marking the three years that the young Lady Diana Spencer lived at the address. The future Princess of Wales shared with two gal pals in the red-brick mansion block between 1979 and 1981, in a flat which was bought for her by her parents as an 18th birthday present. A short walk from Earl’s Court Tube station, the building was often the background to paparazzi shots as the bashful teenage nanny slipped out to go on dates with Prince Charles. Diana was said to have later described her carefree years living at Coleherne Court as the happiest time of her life. On sale for £3.15m via Marsh & Parsons. The ultimate love nest, this 1,100sq ft, two-bedroom flat in Fulham is said to have been home to Roddy Llewellyn, Princess Margaret’s amour in the 1970s. According to neighbours, it was used by the infatuated pair during their eight-year relationship: the princess, still married to Antony Armstrong-Jones, the 1st Earl of Snowdon, would turn up incognito on the back of a motorbike. This purpose-built pad  in Willow Lodge, part of the River Gardens development, has stone flooring, fabulous Thames views from its balcony, and an opentread spiral staircase with glass balustrade. On sale for £1.25million via River Homes. With an illustrious history, the grand Harefield Place estate, in Ickenham, west London, was owned by the Newdigate family, who built an extravagant Tudor manor on the site. In 1602, Queen Elizabeth I was a guest on one of her ‘royal progress’ tours, when she would visit towns around the country, staying with aristocrats… and often bankrupting them along the way, as her vast entourage had to be catered for, and entertainment provided. In the tree-studded grounds of Harefield, Elizabeth was said to have watched a Shakespeare play – sources differ on whether it was Othello or Hamlet. Redeveloped in the Georgian era, the Grade II-listed house and more than eight acres of gardens have now been transfigured to contain 25 two and three-bedroom lateral flats. In easy striking distance of central London and the Hertfordshire countryside, they are priced from £850,000 for a two-bedroom home, rising to £1,575,000 for three bedrooms. Apartments on sale from £850,000 via Harefield Place. The current owners of Edwardian Arts and Crafts-style Brimptsmead bought the Devon estate nearly 30 years ago from Prince Charles — the first time it had left the Duchy of Cornwall’s ownership. Built between 1893 and 1906, the six-bedroom, seven-reception room house, sits in more than nine acres amid Dartmoor National Park’s dramatic terrain, in Dartmeet where the east and west River Darts meet. Wholly renovated, the freehold property features 26,000 clay roof tiles, 120 handcrafted leaded-light mullion windows, polished granite floors and bespoke oak panelling. It comes with two three-bedroom cottages that are perfect for renting out or weekend guests. A quirk in the contract means Prince Charles can come and fish its private stretch of river, as long as he gives 24 hours’ notice. On sale for £4.95million via Knight Frank. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Seaside property owned by the ‘real’ Doc Martin on sale for £3.75million MORE : Incredible mansion built on the edge of a cliff goes on sale for £3.9million MORE : Cute beach hut for sale for offers over £85,000 – but there’s a catch