Emma Heming Willis admits she is learning to focus on self care while still looking after her family. The model – who has daughters Mabel, 10, and Evelyn, eight, with her husband Bruce Willis – has reflected on her family life, and the importance of satisfying her own ‘basic baseline needs’. ‘I struggle with making the time for self-care every day. I put my family’s needs above my own, which I found does not make me any kind of hero,’ she said. ‘That amount of care for everyone else within my household had taken a toll on my mental health and overall health, and it served no one in my family.’ Her comments come after Hollywood legend Bruce was diagnosed with aphasia, which is a language disorder that affects ‘the production or comprehension of speech and the ability to read or write’. Meanwhile, Emma noted that she finds comfort in exercise, even if she isn’t able to ‘mother herself perfectly’. She told The Bump: ‘Someone told me not long ago that when you over-care for someone, you end up under-caring for yourself. That stopped me in my tracks and really resonated with me. ‘I don’t mother myself perfectly but I know that I have some basic baseline needs that are a must, like first and foremost, exercise. It’s a time I can disconnect and can do something that I know makes me feel good overall. I think it’s important to find that one thing that makes you feel good and build from there.’ Emma admitted she has ‘always wanted a family’, and her focus has long been on ‘making memories’ for their girls. She explained: ‘I always wanted a family for as long as I could remember. If I had a vision board (which I don’t), family would be the center and everything else would filter around that. ‘The girls bring so much love, laughter, and life into our home. For us as a family it’s always been about making memories. I’m not even sure we have rituals or traditions. We just love spending time with each other and we know that time is precious, and I don’t take that for granted.’ Earlier this year, it was revealed Die Hard actor Bruce, 67, would be retiring from acting after being diagnosed with aphasia. The star’s loved ones – including ex-wife Demi Moore and their daughters Rumer, Scout and Tallulah – revealed the news on Instagram in a joint statement. ‘To Bruce’s amazing supporters, as a family we wanted to share that our beloved Bruce has been experiencing some health issues and has recently been diagnosed with aphasia, which is impacting his cognitive abilities,’ the statement read. ‘As a result of this and with much consideration Bruce is stepping away from the career that has meant so much to him. ‘This is a really challenging time for our family and we are so appreciative of your continued love, compassion and support. We are moving through this as a strong family unit, and wanted to bring his fans in because we know how much he means to you, as you do to him.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Bruce Willis kisses daughter Rumer in heartwarming throwback after aphasia diagnosis MORE : Liam Neeson thinks of Bruce Willis ‘every day’ after aphasia diagnosis: ‘My heart goes out to him’ 