Charlotte Hawkins has opened up about her concerns about the safety of a water feature at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show, in which Ainsley Harriott’s sister almost drowned. The TV chef, 65, is said to have pulled his sister Jacqueline to safety after she ended up in a water feature which ran alongside a walkway without any barriers to prevent visitors from falling in. Charlotte, 47, revealed she too had feared falling into the water when she walked through that part of the show. She explained on Good Morning Britain: ‘I was right there when Ainsley Harriott’s sister fell into the water feature at one of the gardens to the huge concern of everybody and had to be rescued. ‘Just minutes before, we’d all been there having a drinks reception – there’s me, that’s the water feature that she fell into.’ As a photo of Charlotte in the same spot popped up on the screen, Richard Madeley pointed out: ‘There’s no barrier is there, there’s no safety rope.’ Charlotte revealed she had made sure to make people in the crowds aware when she was walking by them so that she wouldn’t accidentally get knocked into the water herself. She explained: ‘I’d been sort of manoeuvring my way around and I said “Oh I’d better be careful because I don’t want to fall in”. ‘And I’d said to a man who was standing right there, “just to let you know, I’m walking past,” because it’s one of those things where I thought if he turns round, then I could be knocked and end up in the water. ‘I was sort of gingerly making my way round and a few minutes later Ainsley Harriott’s sister fell in. She was fully submerged, she had to be pulled out, given first aid. It was a real concern.’ Ainsley’s sister was coughing up ‘a lot of water’ and Charlotte added that they were ‘there for quite some time’ tending to her. Jacqueline was seen laying on the floor next to the water after being pulled out, as Ainsley stood over her and checked on her. He later tweeted an update to say she was thankfully doing well after the ordeal, adding: ‘Just a big thank you to everyone who helped my sister when she had a fall at the Chelsea Flower Show this morning. She’s doing fine and all is well xx.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ainsley Harriott shares update on sister after saving her from drowning at Chelsea Flower Show MORE : Ainsley Harriott saves sister from drowning in terrifying scenes at Chelsea Flower Show 