Adele Roberts has opened up on her battle with confidence after suffering with acne, and the effects cancer treatment had on her skin. The radio presenter, 43, took to Instagram to share make-up free photos of her face as she admitted she had always hidden behind make-up after receiving a cruel consent when she was younger. She bravely admitted: ‘I’ve always been embarrassed about my skin. I’ve struggled with it for most of my life. ‘I’ll never forget when it first started to breakout and a lady asking me if I’d been in an accident. I was mortified… I think I’ve carried that shame with me for too long.‘Everything I’m going through at the moment has taught me it’s good to share. I’m not the only one.’ Adele is currently undergoing treatment for bowel cancer and revealed that that had also had a damaging effect on her skin. She explained: ‘I’m very lucky to be on this treatment but it’s ravaged my skin a lot. I’ve shared what it’s done to my hands and feet but I was too ashamed to show you my face.‘I’ve been thinking a lot recently and I’ve realised that it’s good to share as much as I can. What if someone else is suffering too and they think they’re alone. You’re not.’ She revealed that her partner Kate had helped her to cover the scars with specialist make-up usually used to hide face tattoos, but she had decided to show what her skin looked like to help others who may feel the same. Adele told her followers: ‘The first round of my chemotherapy was a bit strong and ended up with me looking like I’d been burned. I had holes all over my face. One day I’ll show you but I think what I’m sharing today is a big enough step for me. ‘I don’t want to be ashamed anymore. I’m alive and I’m lucky to be on this treatment. My skin is also healing and looking SO MUCH BETTER than the start. Plus I’m nearly there now! Monday can’t come soon enough.’ The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here campmate admitted that she even covered her skin in the jungle. She explained: ‘Ps. When I was in the jungle I used to get up really early to hide in the medicine hut so I could cover up my acne scars. ‘This was totally in the rules by the way, I had permission to take makeup for my acne but I was too ashamed to let my camp mates see me with no makeup on. ‘It even made showering and some of the tasks harder. I used to freak out if my face got wet. I feel stupid now but I just want you to know how silly I’ve been.’ Adele had been diagnosed with bowel cancer in September 2021 and had surgery to remove the tumour and part of her bowel, followed by chemotherapy. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 