Calvin Harris and Vick Hope might just have the most wholesome relatonship around, with the gorgeous pair attending the Chelsea Flower Show together amid rumours of an engagement. The superstar DJ and TV presenter were spotted strolling around the stunning gardens as they attended the press day for the launch of this year’s event at The Royal Hospital. Vick, 32, and Calvin, 38, looked particularly cheerful as they chatted away and shared jokes with each other while weaving in between the other guests. At one point, former Strictly Come Dancing star Vick was seen gently placing her hand on Calvin’s lower back, clearly comfortable with the I Need Your Love hitmaker. It comes as one source claimed the pair are in the early dating stages and that the music producer even asked her out when she was 19, while another has said they are engaged after five months of dating. Vick was spotted wearing a ring on her left hand at the Chelsea Flower Show, fuelling the engagement rumours. ‘Calvin and Vick have been trying to keep their relationship under wraps, its still early days, but they love spending time together both in London and Ibiza,’ an insider told the Mail Online. ‘Calvin and Vick have been trying to keep their relationship under wraps, its still early days, but they love spending time together both in London and Ibiza.’ Another insider told The Sun that Calvin proposed to Vick under his favourite tree on his Ibiza estate, and that the BBC Radio 1 presenter is ‘madly in love’ with him. Calvin is believed to be single after splitting from model girlfriend Aarika Wolf in March after four years together. Sources said that while the split was ‘amicable’, the couple’s relationship had been ‘strained for quite some time’. ‘Calvin wanted to spend more time away from the US, including on his farm in Ibiza, but Aarika is based in the States,’ the insider told The Sun. ‘He has a busy year on the cards with lots of shows being booked which means he will be away on the road even more. ‘They discussed their future as a couple and decided now is a good time to call it a day. It’s really sad but they both know it is for the best.’ Calvin and Aarika, 27, had known each other since 2014 when the model appeared in the music video for his chart-topping single Blame playing his love interest, before striking up a romance in real life a short while after. The DJ has lived a quieter life in recent years after ditching California for his farm in Ibiza. However, he’s making a major comeback to live performing this year with a spate of summer gigs and residencies in the books. Metro.co.uk has contacted Calvin and Vick’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan actually defends Meghan Markle and Prince Harry during heated Prince Andrew row: ‘We give them a hard time’ MORE : Katie Price not appearing in court for speeding offence months after avoiding jail for drink-driving crash 