Thomas Tuchel says Cesar Azpilicueta is torn over a possible move to Barcelona and feels he may have reached the ‘end of his cycle’ at Chelsea. Azpilicueta has established himself as a modern-day legend at Stamford Bridge, winning every single trophy possible since joining Chelsea in 2012. The 32-year-old’s contract was set to expire at the end of the season but a performance-related clause triggered an automatic extension. Azpilicueta was widely expected to join Barcelona on a free transfer before his new deal kicked in, but Tuchel admits he could still be leaving this summer as the Spaniard is contemplating a move away from west London. If a summer transfer does materialise, Azpilicueta would be one of several Chelsea defenders to leave, with Antonio Rudiger agreeing to join Real Madrid and Andreas Christensen closing in on a move to Barca. Asked about Azpilicueta’s future at Chelsea, Tuchel said: ‘We had a lot of these talks because very genuinely it felt like he won everything after the Club World Cup, then suddenly given his personal situation I can understand these thoughts that maybe a cycle is at its end. ‘Then it is a change of ownership and he played only under this owner in this structure so it maybe increased even his second thoughts about his situation. But then his extension kicked in at the same time. ‘He loves the club, he loves the challenge, he loves to be here and he is our captain. We are still in a dialogue and at some point we are also selfish. We are not responsible to solve any other club’s problems or to fulfil any other club’s wishes. ‘Given the fact we lose key defenders already [Rudiger and Christensen], it is not the ideal scenario to think about losing Azpi even if I can understand his personal point of view. ‘At some point, if you are a legend – which he is – you deserve maybe also from me and the club a second look at it, if there is maybe an exception from the rule and we are still in this process. ‘If he cannot get rid of this feeling, if we have to talk about it openly, seriously and respectfully because he deserves it – we find out if he can give all that makes him special.  ‘This is what we have to find out. That does not mean we find it out tomorrow or today, we still have time because we are also in the privileged position where we have a contract. We have to see. ‘I would hope strongly [that he stays]. He knows this. We are still in the talks to find out the idea.’ Despite the emergence of highly-rated right back Reece James, Azpilicueta has remained a key member of Tuchel’s squad this season, making 46 appearances in all competitions and helping Chelsea win the Club World Cup and Super Cup and reach the finals of the FA and EFL Cup. Given the speculation surrounding his future, Azpilicueta could play his last game for Chelsea on the final day of the season when Watford visit Stamford Bridge. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 