Grey’s Anatomy star Jesse Williams has very much become the unexpected man of the moment thanks to a very naked picture of him on stage doing the rounds on social media. (If you thought the most shocking story of the day was the Wagatha Christie trial in London, think again, celeb fans.) Yes, social media was well and truly blowing up after footage of the actor on stage in Take Me Out, his Broadway debut, in which he appears nude, emerged on Tuesday. And you’d better believe thirsty punters are flocking to share their thoughts. And there are a whole heap of thoughts. While earlier in the day Jesse received a Tony nomination for best performance by an actor in a featured role in a play, for his portrayal of lead character Darren Lemming in the production, which opened in April, come night people were seeing his role trend for a whole other reason. It seems that while audience members are reportedly required to place their phones in locked sleeves to prevent recording during the show (now we know why), one flouted the rules and snapped a video of the actor on stage. In the footage, Jesse was seen in a shower scene completely starkers, which really puts the anatomy into Grey’s Anatomy, right? (Sorry, we had to). We can only imagine tickets are selling like hotcakes for the production, but for those who haven’t managed to snap up a seat there is always Twitter, with many losing their breakfast over the leaked footage. One punter wrote on social media: ‘Jesse Williams Tony campaign is in full swing I see,’ as another noted: ‘Jesse Williams really has me wondering is that what they be doing in all these Broadway plays??’ ‘Jessie Williams just single handily brought them ticket sells up 100% and I can only imagine what his DMs looking like rn [sic],’ one very accurate tweet suggested. It seems Jesse is aware of the interest in the scene in question, after the star appeared on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen this week and was asked about the shower scene. He said: ‘A non-reaction is a really interesting reaction. The quiet, you know. Creates a lot of insecurity.’ Jesse added that you can’t ‘read into’ the reaction from the audience because that only ‘creates more insecurity’. Much of Take Me Out – written by Richard Greenberg – is set in the locker room of a professional baseball team, with an all-male cast that explores themes of homophobia, racism, class, and masculinity in sports. It’s currently on at the Helen Hayes Theater in New York until June 11. The show also stars Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Patrick J Adams, who insisted his former Suits co-star Meghan Markle will get an invitation to the show. Having previously stripped down during a production of 9 Circles, Patrick told ET Online: ‘She certainly was at the play where I was naked and she had a good time making fun of me after,’ before he added ‘she’ll certainly get an invitation’ to this production: ‘So, maybe she’d like a repeat performance.’ He added: ‘I would love for Meghan to come and enjoy the show.’