Neymar has no intention of leaving Paris Saint-Germain this summer and insists he will remain at the club despite speculation suggesting Kylian Mbappe had encouraged PSG’s hierarchy to offload the Brazilian. The French champions want to move in a ‘new direction’ after tying down Mbappe to a new three-year contract, putting more emphasis on young, French players with an attachment to Paris. Sporting director Leonardo has already been axed, with former Monaco chief Luis Campos expected to be appointed, and the club have been linked with moves for Aurelien Tchouameni and Christopher Nkunku. Neymar is rumoured to be up for sale – a decision which may have been prompted by Mbappe – and PSG are prepared to take a massive hit on the £220million fee they paid Barcelona in 2017 in order to get his massive salary off their wage bill. But the 30-year-old, who still has three years left on his contract, insists he is going nowhere. Asked if he will remain at PSG and try to win the Champions League, Neymar told Canal Football Club: ‘It has to be with Paris. ‘I have a contract with PSG, so there are no other possible choices. Yes it will be with Paris Saint-Germain.’ Neymar also praised PSG for managing to tie down Mbappe to a new contract and says the club should be ensuring they have players with links to Paris in the squad. The former Barcelona man continued: ‘I admit that I was not aware until the last moment. I knew it a day before the announcement. ‘I was very happy that Kylian decided to stay. I think the PSG project is what is needed for his career. ‘It’s a good thing for him to stay, and to try to win a Champions League in his country, in the team of his city. Having players like Kylian in the team is always very important.’ Neymar’s wages mean there are very few clubs in the world who could actually afford him, though Chelsea were put forward as a club who have a long-standing interest in the Brazilian. MORE : Real Madrid star Karim Benzema sends message to Kylian Mbappe after Champions League final MORE : Real Madrid president Florentino Perez dismisses Kylian Mbappe snub after Champions League final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 