An Essex woman had a ‘birthday from hell’ after a cat fiercely bit into her finger. Scharrowne Farmer, 54, could lose the use of her middle finger as a result of the incident. She had rushed to the aid of an injured cat after seeing a Facebook post about its predicament. The feline had been struck by a car, and was found sheltering under a bush near the side of the road. Scharrowne rushed out to help it despite the fact the date, April 18, was also her birthday. But the animal suddenly attacked and bit into her finger – which soon ‘ballooned’ up. She took the cat to the vet before returning home to enjoy her birthday, but her finger’s condition kept deteriorating. The 54-year-old was forced to stay in hospital for an entire week and has undergone five operations. Now, Scharrowne says the ‘debilitating pain’ during the operations was similar to the intensity of childbirth. Scharrowne said: ‘I’ve been bitten by a cat before, but this really did hurt. ‘By the time we got to the restaurant for my birthday, my finger had ballooned and my ring was embedding into my skin. ‘I had four operations in a week – every time the doctors did the rounds and saw it, they said it needed more surgery to get rid of the infection. ‘I was rocking in the hospital bed crying from the pain and begging for painkillers – it was on par with childbirth. ‘Now I’m home I’m supposed to be doing physiotherapy on that finger so I don’t lose its movement but it’s so painful I literally can’t do it. ‘The doctors still don’t know if I’ll lose movement in my finger – and all this because I tried to be a good person!’ Scharrowne had attempted to lift the cat with a towel several times but struggled – so eventually took a chance and grabbed him with her hands. It was at this moment the animal’s teeth sunk into her finger. Unfortunately, the cat died soon after it arrived at the vet, due to a shattered pelvis. Scharrowne was eventually discharged from hospital on April 25 – a week after her birthday. But she has found it near impossible to do her job caring for animals including horses, dogs and cats – and she has had to take time off work as a result. She added: ‘It’s not like I’m inexperienced with this – I help cats all the time. ‘I’m forever picking dead cats up off the road so the vets can check the chip and notify the owner. ‘It would have been worth it if this cat had lived but it didn’t even make it, and it wasn’t chipped. ‘The moral of the story is don’t check Facebook! ‘My 54th birthday isn’t one I will forget in a hurry.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.