Cara Delevingne declared: ‘The nipple needs to be free’ as she whipped off her jacket at the Met Gala 2022 to reveal a topless look, complete with shimmering gold body paint. The model, 29, stunned at the New York City event, putting her own spin on the Gilded Glamour theme. She certainly was glamorous, rocking up in a gorgeous tailored red suit, complete with a cane, with just a glimpse of her upper body paint on show. However, the real look came when she took off her jacket, revealing her bare chest, with her nipples covered and golden body chains draped over her. Clutching her jacket in one hand and the cane in the other, the star smiled as she revealed the look, before sticking out her tongue at photographers. The body paint wasn’t all – for her makeup, she dotted rhinestones around her eyes, and she paired the look with some red platform heels. ‘I was going for androgyny, this is very Gilded Age, it’s very golden, I also wanted to show what needs to be revealed,’ she said on the red carpet. ‘The nipple needs to be free and it’s still not so they’re covered but not quite.’ For some, it’s likely to be an improvement on her controversial 2021 look, which saw her don a bulletproof vest reading: ‘Peg the patriarchy’. Speaking to Vogue’s correspondent for the night Keke Palmer, Cara explained at the time: ‘If someone doesn’t know what this means, you’re gonna have to look it up. ‘It’s about women empowerment, gender equality — it’s a bit like, “Stick it to the man”.’ However, it received very mixed reactions. Elsewhere, at the Met Gala, Blake Lively stole the show with her incredible copper gown inspired by New York City landmarks. As she took to the red carpet, the dress transformed into a new green look, inspired by the oxidisation of the Statue of Liberty. Her husband Ryan Reynolds was all of us as he looked on, stunned at the jaw-dropping outfit. Meanwhile, Kim Kardashian casually rocked up in Marilyn Monroe’s actual iconic dress from when she sang Happy Birthday to President John F Kennedy in 1962, revealing she lost 16 pounds to fit into it. Her sister Kylie Jenner also turned heads as she donned a huge wedding dress, complete with a baseball cap and veil. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Suited and booted James Corden gives thumbs up at Met Gala after quitting The Late Late Show MORE : Blake Lively offers another incredible look as she steps out for Met Gala after-party 