Rihanna has been seen for the first time since giving birth to her first child, with boyfriend A$AP Rocky. The We Found Love singer, 34, welcomed a baby boy with the rapper, 33, in LA on May 13, but has yet to share the newborn’s name or a picture. They were instantly showered in well wishes by fans and famous pals, with Rihanna’s ex-boyfriend, Chris Brown, offering his congratulations. Following the news, the new mom kept a low profile as she was pictured following his arrival, heading out in Hollywood. She donned a grey jumper and black trousers for the outing, accessorized with chunky black sunglasses and a selection of gold necklaces/ At one point, she made her way into a waiting car, and was thought to be joined by her security guard. It was revealed on Thursday that the pair had introduced their first child into the world – but have not revealed any further details about the tot. Rihanna and Rocky have known each other for years before they were first linked romantically, in 2020. They have kept things firmly behind closed doors ever since – but sent us all into meltdown when they confirmed that they would be starting a family together at the beginning of the year. In an instantly-iconic baby announcement, the Work singer showed off her growing bump during a romantic stroll around New York, shutting down all speculation from fans. She was joined in the stunning photoshoot by the Good For You rapper, who protectively cuddled her as they made their way around the city. Throughout her pregnancy, RiRi made sure to have fun with her maternity fashion, unveiling her stomach on red carpets galore. In a candid chat to Vogue, published weeks before she gave birth, the Ocean’s Eight actress revealed that she wanted to empower expectant moms to bare their bumps in future, urging them not to ‘hide’. ‘When I found out I was pregnant, I thought to myself, There’s no way I’m going to go shopping in no maternity aisle,’ she told the publication. ‘I’m sorry – it’s too much fun to get dressed up. I’m not going to let that part disappear because my body is changing. ‘I’m hoping that we were able to redefine what’s considered “decent” for pregnant women. ‘My body is doing incredible things right now, and I’m not going to be ashamed of that. This time should feel celebratory. Because why should you be hiding your pregnancy?’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 