Brenda Edwards has given an emotional interview reflecting on the legacy of her late son, Jamal Edwards, as she revealed she takes ‘each hour as it comes’. Edwards, founder of online music platform SBTV, died suddenly at home from a suspected heart attack on February 20 at the age of 31. Loose Women panellist Brenda mused on the rollercoaster of emotions in the aftermath of his death, saying: ‘How am I doing? I’m okay, I’m okay – and then I’m not okay. And that’s okay. ‘I literally take each day as it comes and sometimes each hour, and if I want to sit and cry with his sister, then we sit and cry. If we want to talk about him, we talk, we laugh – we’ve gone through an array of emotions,’ she told Nadia Jae on Tuesday’s BBC Radio 1Extra Breakfast show. The stage performer, who has recently been announced as Gemma Collins’ replacement in the UK tour of Chicago, then broke down and had to take a minute to compose herself. ‘Unfortunately, I’ve had a lot of grief in my life and I kind of now just, I just deal with it,’ she shared before pausing and wiping away tears as she said ‘sorry’. The 53-year-old also spoke about the ‘gaping hole’ that her son had left in both her life and that of the music industry as she shared her hopes that ‘there’s going to be somebody else out there that looks at Jamal and what he’s done and how he’s done it to be able to carry that on’. Brenda also promised that SBTV ‘isn’t going anywhere’, but rather ‘regrouping’ and then ‘coming back strong’. ‘Jamal might not be here in body but he’s here in spirit, he’s here in mind and he’s left such a legacy with people that, yes, he will be missed hugely – greatly – by the music industry but I think he will have taught a lot of people a lot of things to continue in their way in the same way that he did,’ she said. Edwards has recently been announced as the first person to posthumously receive the Music Industry Trusts (Mits) Award in recognition of his contribution to the sector. The Mits award will be presented to Edwards’ family on Monday November 7 at a gala ceremony at the Grosvenor House hotel in London, with Brenda calling it ‘humbling’ to accept the award on her son’s behalf. Edwards, who worked with the Prince’s Trust and had been awarded with an MBE, helped launch the careers of some of the UK’s biggest acts, including Ed Sheeran, Dave and Jessie J. Ed has since recorded a song and video in honour of his late ’brother’ Edwards. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Prince Charles and Camilla mistaken for fakes during EastEnders visit MORE : Gogglebox’s Chris Ashby-Steed quits fame and moves to rural Wales after being ‘bullied’ off show 