I grew up in Grimsby in the 80s. This was before Section 28, which would have been pointless anyway - there was no need to ban ‘promotion of homosexuality to children’ because literally nobody promoted it, or at least nobody round my way. There were no role models.  No lesbians in public life.  No mention of lesbians in school, in books, on TV. Not a single lesbian in the family, and certainly no talking about lesbians in the family. Nothing. The knowledge that lesbians even existed sneaked up on me slowly in middle school, made up of a patchwork of stereotypes – pitiable spinsters, tomboys, predatory dykes. Although I didn’t come out until my mid 20s, people were calling me a ‘f***ing lezzer’ on the playground at 11.  So I grew up fighting, mostly with words, sometimes with fists, because I instinctively knew the word ‘lesbian’ was so dangerous you couldn’t let it get attached to you. Things have changed since then, of course. When I was younger, Lesbian Visibility Week – a whole week that celebrates my community – would have been unthinkable. And there is a way of telling this story that can make it feel and sound like everything has improved. Section 28 has come and gone: right now in schools across the UK children are being taught about LGBTQ+ lives, families and relationships. There are lesbians in books, in TV, in music – in popular culture, the media and politics. We have rights our lesbian elders never had. The right to marry the person we love, to adopt and have a loving family, and the right to be who we are at work without fear.  We get to live lives some of us never dreamed of. There are even other lesbians in my family these days! So are we there yet? I think most of us know the answer if we’re honest. Things have changed, yes, but nowhere near enough. Children may learn about LGBTQ+ families in school these days, but research shows that LGBTQ+ children are still twice as likely to be bullied as their peers. A third of LGBTQ+ women with children say their kids get bullied because LGBTQ+ families are far from truly accepted in the playground and the classroom. My own little boys have been bullied, not because of who they are, but because of who I am, and every time it happens I am overwhelmed with rage and guilt. There is so much more that schools can and should do to make sure that LGBTQ+ children, and LGBTQ+ families can be safe, seen and heard in education, starting with making sure that teachers are confident to tackle homophobia, biphobia and transphobia whenever they see it. Lesbians are visible in every part of public and private life: every one of us can name lesbian athletes, actors and musicians. Closer to home, we probably all have a family member, a friend or a colleague who is a lesbian. But we might only know one. And that woman has to carry the weight, not only of her own life and career, but also of representing all lesbians in her field, her workplace or her community. It can be a very heavy burden at times. Because there are still too few lesbians being celebrated and platformed in public life. Only a tiny number of us get to stand in the spotlight, and it is almost always the lesbians that appear easiest for wider society to accept. White, wealthy, non-disabled, cis women. Not too masculine, not too sexy, not too queer.  Not too shouty, nor too feminist, or too confident. There are so many perceived rules about being a socially acceptable lesbian that being visible in the streets or in the boardroom can still feel dangerous, decades after I was fighting people in the playground for calling me names. That pressure to be the ‘right kind of lesbian’ isn’t confined to the world at large.  Within the LGBTQ+ community, we draw lines. According to a recent survey, a majority of lesbians and bi women feel they are overshadowed by LGBTQ+ men in public life. Even amongst lesbians, we can still be guilty of setting up hierarchies that exclude and hurt. We sometimes dismiss older lesbians and younger lesbians. Too often, we treat bi women as unserious, and trans women as suspect. Despite all of this, we fight and we love, and we thrive. We have built deep communities and cultures together. And we will keep building them. Being part of lesbian visibility week is beautiful to me.  It’s about celebrating and valuing ourselves and all of our sisters. This week has been about building knowledge, connections, and sharing joy. It’s about role models, having them and being them, and wanting a world where every young lesbian, whoever she is, can see women walking the path ahead of her. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : ‘People are scared of the word “lesbian” – I want to find out why’ MORE : Lesbians delay coming out due to ‘harmful and damaging stereotypes’ MORE : It took leaving my abusive husband to realise I’m a lesbian