Sometimes it’s important to buy for number one, and these purchases will make you feel like your radiant self for summer. So whether you want to pamper yourself in front of the television, or you can’t wait to get outside and explore with some new kicks, here are the best products for you. If the weather turning warmer – and another long weekend loomingon the horizon – is literally making you run for the hills, check out the Merrell x Sweaty Betty footwear collaboration. The brands have come together ‘to shake up women’s hiking shoes’ and deliver stylish, high-performance technical shoes using innovative recycled fabrics. Buy it from £125 at Sweaty Betty. If the short weeks are piling on the work pressure, a supplement could help. Together Health’s Stress Aid vitamin and mineral complex contains rhodiola – a non-toxic adaptogenic herb shown to improve symptoms associated with fatigue and stress – as well as 11 vitamins and minerals, eight B vitamins, ocean-sourced magnesium and two further adaptogens. Buy it for £9.99 from Together Health. Vitamin C is a wonder vitamin in spring – it’s a natural antihistamine,a natural antioxidant and it can help you regulate heat. Which is why we’re pleased Lush has launched its first vitamin C product, a dual-use foaming scrub that is anti-inflammatory too. For maximum effect, use as a mask and apply to a clean, dry face, or simply use as a foaming face wash for a more gentle experience. Buy it for £14 from Lush. Billie Eilish is among fans of Antipodes, a ‘scientific green beauty’ brand that uses award-winning plant-powered skincare packed with nutrients. The New Zealand brand’s Manuka Honey Mask will hydrate and smooth parched skin while you sleep, while the Diem Vitamin C Pigment-Correcting Water Cream is a one-stop pot to glowing skin, fuelled by peptides and vitamin C-rich kakadu plum. Buy the mask for £22.40 and the cream for £35 from LookFantastic. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Skincare ingredients to avoid if you have rosacea MORE : Your guide to niacinamide, beauty’s underrated but important ingredient MORE : Fitness influencer Stef Williams reveals her top exercises for legs, bums and tums