A Sainsbury’s store in the West Midlands has been evacuated amid reports of ‘people collapsing’. Seven people are being treated for ‘breathing problems’ by paramedics at the scene in Longbridge. There is a big emergency response to the incident, which West Midlands Fire Service categorised as ‘Hazardous Substances’ on their website. One onlooker said: ‘The police have said there’s been an incident involving some sort of gas. People were on the floor gasping for air after collapsing. ‘I’ve never seen anything like it, there’s emergency services everywhere. Students from City College have been evacuated too and a couple of other shops I think. ‘I heard somebody had let something off in the store but police wouldn’t confirm that to me.’ Locals have been urged to avoid the area as police investigate the circumstances. A statement from West Midlands Ambulance Service said: ‘One patient has since been conveyed to hospital as a precaution.’ A spokeswoman from West Midlands Police said: ‘We are currently dealing with an incident at Sainsbury’s in Longbridge Lane, Longbridge. ‘We were alerted at about 10am to reports that six people were suffering breathing problems. ‘Officers attended and the store has been evacuated and people are also being cleared from other buildings in the area. The six patients are being treated by paramedics at the scene. ‘We have specialist officers working with colleagues across the emergency services to establish exactly what has happened. ‘A cordon has been put in place and we’d advise people to stay away from the area.’ A West Midlands Fire Service spokesperson said: ‘Shortly before 10am on Friday 20 May we were alerted to an incident at the Sainsbury’s supermarket on High Street, Longbridge, Birmingham. ‘A number of people had reported feeling unwell, with apparent breathing difficulties. ‘Two fire engines and one of our 4×4 Brigade Response vehicles responded, from Northfield and Kings Norton fire stations, together with a number of officers and colleagues from the police and ambulance services.’ Longbridge Shopping posted on Facebook: ‘To make customers aware the main high street off Longbridge Lane is closed. Entry and exit to Longbridge is via Dalmuir road.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.