Ozzy Osbourne is refusing to be defeated by his recent health troubles and is back in the recording studio. The notorious headbanger contracted Covid-19 earlier this month, with talk show host wife Sharon Osbourne, 69, later also testing positive after flying home to care for him. The Black Sabbath rocker, 73, also has Parkinson’s disease and continues to battle other medical issues after injuries from a 2003 quad bike accident were aggravated when he fell at home in America in 2019. However, he remains determined to keep making music and wants to get back on stage too. The Rock legend was pictured visiting Andrew Watt’s music studio in Beverly Hills this weekend, appearing frail but using a walking stick to get around. Ozzy – who has shared that he struggles to walk properly nowadays – walked alongside a friend and wore a long red coat and his signature sunglasses. The musician last released a song in January 2020 in collaboration with Sir Elton John. It was the third single from his album Under the Graveyard, with his last solo single being Straight to Hell, released in November 2019. As for performing, his band’s The End Tour concluded in February 2017 with the final two gigs being played in the band’s native Birmingham. However, he only has more to give and recently told Classic Rock magazine that he is taking his recording studio with him when he and Sharon move back to England. ‘I am going to build a barn there and make my own studio at Welders. I will still be making music and my band will come over,’ he shared, following news that his farewell tour has been moved back to 2023. His comments come after the singer applied for a ‘rehabilitation wing’ to be added to his country mansion in Buckinghamshire. Ozzy is also waiting on more surgery for his neck while continuing his healing process, revealing that he has ‘physical therapy every morning. He’s been very candid about his drinking and drug addictions as well, saying he and ‘a lot of people’ will be ‘surprised he has made it this far.’ ‘At f***ing seventy-three I’ve done pretty well. I don’t plan on going anywhere, but my time’s going to come,’ he confessed. As for Ozzy’s personal life, daughter Kelly is celebrating one year of sobriety as she prepares to welcome her first child. They’re not the only little arrival on the way, as Kelly’s brother Jack is expecting a baby with fiancée Aree Gearheart, announcing the news in March. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Camila Cabello brings the party to Champions League Final as she kicks off opening ceremony vibrant performance MORE : Little Women: Atlanta star Ms. Juicy Baby out of hospital after suffering stroke 