The man who was filmed allegedly attacking comedian Dave Chappelle on stage has been charged with four counts of misdemeanour, it has emerged. This comes after the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office said it had decided not to pursue felony charges regarding the incident, which occurred at the Hollywood Bowl on Tuesday. The case was then referred to the Los Angeles City Attorney’s Office, which would consider possible misdemeanour charges. The altercation occurred when Chappelle was performing a stand-up routine as part of the Netflix Is A Joke tour, when a man identified by the LAPD as Isaiah Lee, 23, stormed the stage and tackled him. It was later confirmed by the police department that he had been arrested and charged with assault with a deadly weapon, with it being understood that he was carrying a replica gun with a knife blade inside when he came into close contact with Chappelle. In a statement shared on Twitter, City Attorney Mike Feuer – a candidate for Los Angeles mayor – emphasised that the ‘alleged attack’ had to have ‘consequences’. ‘What should have been an evening of laughter at the Hollywood Bowl this past Tuesday night was suddenly interrupted when suspect Isaiah Lee allegedly charged onto the stage and tackled comedian Dave Chappelle,’ he said. ‘The suspect allegedly was carrying a weapon. This alleged attack has got to have consequences. And this afternoon, my office has filed charges alleging battery, possession of a weapon with the intent to assault and charges relating to interfering with a performance.’ City Attorney Feuer said that his office ‘takes protecting public safety extremely seriously’, adding: ‘We are going to vigorously prosecute this case.’ When it was announced that Lee would not face felony charges, a spokesperson for the Attorney’s Office said in a statement released on Thursday: ‘After reviewing the evidence, prosecutors determined that while criminal conduct occurred, the evidence as presented did not constitute felony conduct.’ In footage captured on the night of the incident, Chappelle, 48, was nearing the end of his stand-up routine when Lee rushed towards him. Jamie Foxx, who was watching the show from the sidelines, sprung into action and detained Lee while Chappelle recovered from the unexpected attack. A spokesperson for the Hollywood Bowl said in a statement: ‘The incident that occurred at the Hollywood Bowl on May 3 2022 is an active investigation and we are unable to comment further at this time.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna, her baby bump and A$AP Rocky hang backstage at Dave Chappelle’s show moments before stage attack MORE : Howie Mandel ‘really afraid’ to perform on stage after Dave Chappelle attack: ‘It’s the beginning of the end for comedy’ 