Rihanna looked absolutely stunning as she shared her skin regime with her legions of fans. The pop star, 34, is expecting her first child with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, but despite the due date growing ever closer the singer is working as hard as ever. As well as boasting an international chart-topping career, the Diamonds singer has her own beauty regime, Fenty, which has helped make her a billionaire. Rihanna – real name Robyn Rihanna Fenty – regularly updates fans on her life and career on social media, and has now shared the beauty regime that helps keep her skin glowing with her 128million followers. In a new video on Instagram, the singer can be seen in a bathroom, looking as though she has freshly stepped out of the shower, with her hair wrapped in a towel and her face scrubbed clean. Dripping in gold necklaces, Rihanna then shows a Fenty product to the camera before applying it to her face to make a mask. The star then uses a different product for her body, rubbing the cream into her arms and on her growing bump. Keeping as glam as ever, Rihanna then pours herself a glass of ‘champagne’ – aka ginger ale – and strikes a sarcastic pose while looking off-screen. The icon finishes the video by placing two cucumbers over her eyes and grinning at the camera. Throughout the video, a voiceover plays in the background, with a man saying incredulously: ‘There are women all over the place that watch serial killer documentaries for fun and literally fall asleep to true crime murder podcasts because it helps them to relax. ‘The concept of murder helps them to relax, and you want to play with other feelings?’ the narrator laughs. Over 16million people have watched the incredible self-care video within a few hours of it being posted, with thousands flocking to the comment section to share their awe. ‘ICONIC!!!!!,’ one fan screamed, while another screamed: ‘Sooo f*****g flawless omgg.’ Another fan, obviously fond of a pun, said the Fenty businesswoman was ‘Rihdefining self care’ and called for ‘more of this!’ While Rihanna and Rocky are preparing to welcome their first child, more rumours began swirling in recent days that the pair were secretly engaged. The rumour mill went into overdrive last week as Rocky released new music video DMB, which Rihanna features in. In the video, a fictional Rihanna and Rocky are engaged and get married in a savage ceremony with the singer wearing a red veil and grills bearing the words: ‘I Do.’ However fans’ speculations were later doused in cold water, with a source telling TMZ the video was ‘just for fun.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Rihanna ‘not engaged’ to A$AP Rocky after DMB music video sends fans into meltdown MORE : A$AP Rocky ‘calls out Chris Brown’ for beating Rihanna in new song as he ‘marries’ star in music video 