This year has been a big one for hair – and we’re only in May. We’ve seen the return of the heartthrob cut and Birkin bangs, as well as more and more people turning to the ‘Bixie’ and ‘boy’ bob styles. But now there’s a new flattering hairstyle that people are talking about – as seen on the Duchess of Cambridge. The look in question sees hair tucked behind the ears, so more of Kate’s face is on display. This new style differs from the bouncy blowouts the Duchess is typically known for. Instead, more recently, the royal has opted for this sleek, slicked-back look where her hair is resting behind her ears – rather than in front of them. The style was first spotted on the Duchess during her royal tour of the Caribbean and it looked like a clever way to keep frizz at bay in the humid conditions. But it’s proven to be a popular choice with the royal since its debut, as she was seen with the hairstyle again last week while presenting the Queen Elizabeth II Award for British Design at the Design Museum in Kensington. And experts say it could be a great anti-ageing option. Hair expert Nicole Petty, from Milk + Blush, says: ‘Everyone’s been talking about the new hairstyle the Duchess of Cambridge has been sporting lately, with her hair elegantly tucked behind her ears. ‘The style looks classy and elegant, and while it’s not dramatically different from her usual bouncy blow-dry, it has caught the attention of many.’ Nicole also delves into the anti-ageing properties in a little more detail. She continues: ‘It’s an incredibly flattering and more natural, youthful look for the royal, who turned 40 earlier this year. ‘By tucking her hair behind her ears, she highlights features, such as her strong jaw and cheekbones, glowing complexion and eyes. ‘Not only is this flattering, but it’s also a great anti-ageing tactic, as the hair pulled back makes her look more fresh-faced yet still sophisticated. ‘We also get to see the Duchess’s statement earrings that she has been wearing lately, which add another element to her ever-stunning outfits, regularly discussed by the media and the general public.’ Nicole also stresses it’s a very low maintenance style to create – and has been spotted on other celebrities too, such as Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and Jessica Alba. She adds: ‘It’s natural and easy to maintain, much like other popular hairstyles of the moment, which see women opting for a more casual look as we head towards the summer season.’ So how can you recreate it at home? Nicole says, to get it yourself, simply blow dry your hair using a large paddle brush, smoothing it out through mid-lengths before curving it out at the ends. She adds: ‘If your hair is a little bit harder to tame, follow up by straightening the ends of your hair and finish with a smoothing spray to finish the hair off.’ Then, ensure your hair is parted down the centre and gently tuck a section of hair from each side behind your ears, ensuring that the rest of the hair grazes the back of them. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your guide to bridal hairstyles – from up-dos to hair accessories MORE : The broccoli haircut: What is the men’s hair style and why is it so popular with Gen Z? MORE : Woman who spent years hiding her facial hair is more confident than ever now she’s embraced her beard