Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Catherine Tate have been spotted filming for the first time as they return to the BBC sci-fi after a decade away. Now that’s something we never thought we’d get to say. It seemed like no time had passed at all as the duo, who are reprising their roles as the 10th Doctor and Donna Noble, got to work on set. David, 51, was back in a trademark suit and, thankfully, donning his signature spiky hair. Meanwhile, Catherine, 52, doesn’t seem to have aged a day as she slipped back into her role as Donna, wearing jeans and a colourful jumper. David was also pictured by the Tardis which, notably, appeared to be the same one Jodie Whittaker’s 13th Doctor has been using, rather than the 10th Doctor’s version – make of that what you will! Amid the pair’s return, there’s also been speculation that Bernard Cribbins, who played Donna’s granddad Wilf, will return after his popular stint in the show. The Doctor Who announcements have been coming in thick and fast recently, as filming gets underway for the 60th anniversary. Returning showrunner Russell T Davies revealed that David and Catherine would make their long-awaited return – but just how their stories are going to continue remains to be seen. After all, the last time we saw Donna was the end of her story in series four, when her memory was totally wiped of her adventures in the Tardis. In an official statement on the Doctor Who website, Russell said: ‘They’re back! And it looks impossible – first, we announce a new Doctor, and then an old Doctor, along with the wonderful Donna, what on earth is happening? ‘Maybe this is a missing story. Or a parallel world. Or a dream, or a trick, or a flashback. ‘The only thing I can confirm is that it’s going to be spectacular, as two of our greatest stars reunite for the battle of a lifetime.’ Meanwhile, it was revealed that Heartstopper’s Yasmin Finney will play a big role in the show as a character named Rose (with the last Rose in the show being played by Billie Piper). That’s all alongside Ncuti Gatwa’s casting as the 14th Doctor. He’ll take on the role in autumn, after Jodie Whittaker steps down. We need a lie down. Doctor Who returns to BBC One this autumn. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who: Heartstopper’s Yasmin Finney joins cast as Rose for 60th anniversary MORE : Doctor Who fans convinced Catherine Tate teased shock return in resurfaced This Morning clip: ‘Why didn’t I realise’ 