Arsenal have revealed their new home kit for next season, with Gabriel Martinelli given a brand new squad number. Martinelli has played a more prominent role for Mikel Arteta’s side this term and continued to impress with a series of vibrant performances. The 20-year-old, who currently wears the No.35 shirt, has registered five goals and five assists in the Premier League this season. After the release of the new home shirt on Thursday, the club announced that Martinelli will wear the No.11 from next season. The No.11 shirt has been worn most recently by Martin Odegaard and Lucas Torreira, but before then, the likes of Mesut Ozil, Marc Overmars and Paul Merson. Arsenal’s new kit is in their iconic colours of red and white, while featuring a white collar with a striking red trim consisting of lightning bolts. £5 from every new home shirt bought directly from the club ahead of the new season will go to The Arsenal Foundation to support local community initiatives. ‘We’re extremely proud of the work we’ve been doing to bring our community together and support the lives of people in our local area for more than 35 years,’ said Freddie Hudson, Head of Arsenal in the Community. ‘People are the heartbeat of our community and the £5 donation from our home shirt sales will provide vital support for the local projects that serve our diverse community in north London so well. ‘The last couple of years have been especially tough and the impact continues to be felt, but it’s amazing what we can achieve when we all come together to support each other. We continue to draw inspiration from those who make the Arsenal family so special, and we’re thrilled to be able to give a little back in this unique way.’ As part of the unveiling of the new shirt, Gunners stars visited local projects that have benefitted from donations from The Arsenal Foundation, including the Finsbury Park Bowls Club, Islington Boxing Club, Tufnell Park Primary School, Maha Devi Yoga Centre, New North Academy Fencing Club and North London United. MORE : Albert Sambi Lokonga’s brother adamant over Arsenal stay MORE : Steve McManaman urges Raheem Sterling to stay at Manchester City amid Arsenal links For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 