A British volunteer on the Polish border claims the Homes for Ukraine visa scheme is putting the lives of refugees at risk over ‘excessive bureaucracy’. Nick Hills, 47, has spent the last two months delivering food and medical supplies – like tourniquets and blood fridges – to hard-hit areas and helping civilians flee the country. Seeing first-hand how slow the visa process is, the dad-of-two is appealing to the government to act on the ‘shambles’ he has witnessed. Describing the scheme as an ‘absolute joke’, Mr Hills told Metro.co.uk refugees are forced to make a three-day trip across Poland to obtain one piece of paper allowing them to get on a plane to Britain. ‘People have to take a six-hour train ride to Warsaw to collect the visa in person and then a six-hour train ride back to us,’ he explained. ‘The reality is this actually turns into three days because of train cancellations, delays and problems at the border. I’ve had to find people an emergency hotel in Warsaw before. ‘It’s an absolute disgrace. All they really need is a piece of paper with a stamp on it to be able to get on a plane from an airport, which is half an hour from here. ‘When they arrive at the visa office, there is no Russian speaker on site, meaning refugees are asked to bring their own translator before being told they should have printed their form before arrival at the centre. ‘Expecting a family escaping a bombed tower block to have access to a printer or the internet just beggars belief. ‘It’s farcical. People are just put at risk in so many places along the process.’ Leaving behind his wife and two young children in London, Mr Hills set up the Ukraine Humanitarian Hub after his first visit to the Polish camp at Korczowa at the end of March. Currently, he is helping coordinate the efforts of thousands of volunteers at the border and the aid process. Posting to the initiative’s Facebook page, the Brit also organises minibuses and coaches for visa holders from war-torn areas in Ukraine to Poland, and then to  other European countries. Earlier this month, Mr Hills put together a nearly impossible mission to evacuate an elderly woman called Ms Bulatova from Kharkiv, a crucial Russian target. ‘The wonderful Bulatova and I got to finally meet in person – it was incredibly emotional for both of us and we hugged like old friends,’ he said. ‘She knew me only by name as the British man who was putting together her long trip to safety. ‘And I knew her as the lady who never left her village before wartime, had spent the last five weeks or more in a basement outside Kharkiv, and whose family did not think there was any way to get her to safety on her own. ‘She came out of her basement on Friday morning to jump into an aid truck returning to Kyiv that we had arranged to collect her. ‘She then spent a night at the flat of that brave truck driver, then it was a long train journey to Lviv where she was collected by another great contact of mine Andy Matheson.’ Mr Matheson drove the pensioner to Krakovets, where she crossed the border into Korczowa. Ms Hills then took her to a bus station where Ms Bulatova boarded a bus to Hanover, German. ‘I speak no Ukrainian and her only word in English seemed to be “potato” but our love for each other was strong and she kept holding my hand at various points during the journey,’ Mr Hills said. His comments come after Metro.co.uk reported in April that hundreds of people who signed up to the Homes for Ukraine scheme are still waiting to hear from the Home Office more than a month later. As of May 11, the government has issued visas to 102,300 people out of 132,900 applications. But only 46,100 visa-holders have actually made it to the UK so far. A spokesperson for the Home Office said about the criticism: ‘The changes the Home Office has made to streamline the visa system, including simplifying the forms and boosting staff numbers, are working and we are now processing visas as quickly as they come in – enabling thousands more Ukrainians to come through our uncapped routes.’ So far, donations for the Ukraine Humanitarian Hub have exceeded £5,000 but the group needs much more to continue their vital work. If you would like to donate to help the work they do, visit this JustGiving page. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 