Mercedes has reaffirmed its long-term commitment to Formula 1, with a combination of the environmental technology being developed in the sport and its increasing popularity behind the decision. The Silver Arrows re-entered Formula 1 in 2010 after purchasing the championship winning Brawn GP squad, itself an offshoot off the Honda team with was re-branded after the Japanese team withdrew following the global financial crash. The team has won every constructors’ championship since 2014, dominating F1’s turbo-hybrid engine era  and building the fastest machinery on the grid season after season. Lewis Hamilton has won six of his record-equalling seven drivers’ titles with the Brackley-based outfit, while Nico Rosberg won his championship with the team in 2016. In 2022, though, Mercedes are way off the pace of frontrunners Ferrari and Red Bull, who have successfully transitioned to F1’s new era of regulations much more efficiently. Mercedes’ new W13 car is plagued by porpoising, the term used for the phenomenon caused by ground effect dynamics which sees the car bounce intensely up and down at high speeds on long straights, and is simply slower than its rivals through the corners. Mercedes’s ownership is split evenly three ways between the auto firm’s parent company Daimler, team principal Toto Wolff, and British billionaire Jim Ratcliffe’s chemicals firm Ineos. Despite the team experiencing a rare period of strife, Mercedes is committing its long-term future to F1. ‘We have decided to go down this path of decarbonisation,’ Mercedes-Benz group chairman Ola Kallenius explained at the Financial Times Future of the Car Summit. ‘It is the only decision we can make, and the same goes for Formula 1. Formula 1 is aiming for net zero carbon emissions by 2030, and will introduce new, greener engines in 2026 which should provide manufacturers an opportunity to develop technology which can have uses in the wider automotive industry. Kallenius says that climate change is one of the major reasons Mercedes is sticking with F1. ‘The next engine regulations will give much more importance to the electric part, and there is a clear commitment to make Formula 1 CO2 neutral. For the next regulation, the proportion of electricity used on a lap will increase. There will still be a combustion engine but it will be used as a laboratory to develop CO2-free fuels, which the aviation industry will probably need, and maybe also to reduce the footprint of the existing car fleet. ‘We are not yet at the stage where we can run a race  with only battery power. A sport like Formula 1 has to put on a show, so the decarbonisation route has to be taken. Battery technology is not yet perfected. But going CO2-free and putting more emphasis on electrification ensures Formula 1 remains very relevant and that we will remain.’ Since being taken over by American mass media firm Liberty Media in 2017, F1 has seen its marketing power and audience increase significantly, in part thanks to the immense popularity of the behind-the-scenes Netflix series Drive to Survive. ‘Drive to Survive has changed the game, Kallenius added. ‘So we are happy to be part of this show and to be one of the strengths of Formula 1, leveraging it for both our technology development and marketing. As far as we are concerned, F1 has a bright future ahead of it.’ Lewis Hamilton challenges Formula 1 to achieve new ‘mission’ with different kind of driver Lando Norris believes McLaren are only the fifth fastest team on the F1 grid For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 