Today the energies are zen. Take advantage of this opportunity to relax and unwind. Sometimes taking yourself out of a situation will clear up confusion, and the greatest ideas usually come when you’re not looking for them. Slow down Virgo and all will become clear. Libra, the best course of action will present itself to you if you just relax. Take that day off, Sagittarius. You deserve it. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 17, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 The urge to take it easy could override goals that might move your life forward. Enjoy a yoga or meditation session, or unwind with other gentle activities. This is an excellent opportunity to recharge and tie up loose ends. In a few days, energy levels might be significantly better. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 What holds the most value for you? A Venus aspect can find you pondering this matter and coming to some conclusions. As Mercury rewinds in your money zone, you might realise it’s not what you own that makes you happy but the connections you forge. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Making plans could be more of a pain than a pleasure, as arrangements can get muddled and expectations might be too high. Ease up and enjoy life. Ready to go with the flow. Why not? Besides, this leaves you free to focus on relaxing matters such as interacting with friends. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 While big strides are possible regarding your job or career, your mind might be on other things. The idea of escaping from your everyday circumstances is appealing. Perhaps what you want more than anything is to relax in a quiet and beautiful place with no worries to upset the peace. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Certain plans might be unrealistic. They might also be very imaginative. Yet with the right approach, something positive could come from this. You need practical people to give you feedback so it’s worth discussing your ideas with anyone interested. Your vision can lead to success. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You feel frustrated if your plans are subject to delays and confusion. Trying to go faster might only make the situation worse, revealing a tendency to run ahead of yourself. Slowing down might enable you to see creative potential where you have missed it and thus help you do well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 It might be hard to stay quiet if things aren’t going as planned. Even so, there are times in life when we can do little to change the situation we are in and need to accept things as they are. This could be one of them. If you can relax, the best course of action might soon present itself to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Keen to take on board new opportunities? It might benefit you to learn a few skills. This can be a good time to invest in a home-study course, enabling you to set up your own business or perhaps get a new job. You might also want a refresher on some talents. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You might have a lot on your plate but it could take a while to get started. It might be a lot easier to take the path of least resistance and do nothing much. It can also be that you need rest. If you have the option to take a day off, it could do you the world of good. Pace yourself and simplify your schedule. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You might feel compassion for living beings and a natural empathy that enables you to pick up on others’ feelings. You would make a great listener, as your sensitivity might mean people are drawn to you. Someone could experience a breakthrough because of your kindness. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Ideas and opportunities might be showing up fast. Will you take advantage of them, though? With a hazy blend of energies on the go, you could be quite complacent when it comes to acting in your best interests. However, it’s worth pushing yourself if there is something you want. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 It can be easy for a misunderstanding to take place. You might have difficulty taking someone seriously, even if they seem genuine. Could you be missing a chance that might not come around again soon? If you feel some warmth for this person, then it’s worthwhile reaching out. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 15 to May 21 – and the start of Gemini season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid