A desperate family have pleaded for a new home away from their mice-infested ‘flat from hell’ in Hull. Falhado Eders, 32, lives with her husband and four children in the apartment. She said it is riddled with large numbers of mice and alarming amounts of damp. The younger children think the rodents are ‘part of the family’ as their presence has become so normalised. She said: ‘At first all the damp started to come through the walls and then mice started appearing from random holes around the flat. ‘It was just disgusting. ‘It is just a nightmare. I try to keep the flat clean but it is just impossible. I get so afraid the mice will bite my baby at night.’ Mice have even been found in the flat’s beds, so Falhado and her family now sleep on a mattress in the living room. They say they also ‘cannot breathe’ due to damp in the bedrooms. The Eders arrived in Hull nine years ago after they fleeing from war-torn Somalia. They were granted indefinite permission to remain in the UK due to the risks involved with returning to the East African country. Falhado added: ‘The situation in Somalia is very difficult and dangerous there is no safe life there and we wanted to build a safe stable future for our kids here in Hull.’ ‘We have not slept well in a long time and it breaks my heart to see my kids suffering like this. I keep ringing social services but they just don’t seem to care.’ The mice appear to be getting in through holes in their kitchen walls, so they eat food on the living room floor to escape them. Falhado sadly lost a baby boy during childbirth last year and she believes the poor conditions in the flat could be to blame. She added: ‘During my pregnancy at the end of 2020 and 2021 I had developed breathing problems and it was clearly from the damp in the property. The flat was definitely not a safe hygienic place to be in for a pregnant woman. ‘I had been to the doctors several times complaining about my breathing and even my midwife asked me why I am constantly sneezing.’ Hull City Council will contact the family about any new maintenance in the flat – but advised them there will be charges for any pest control work. Falhado will receive help to try to find a new home, but a spokesperson said she had failed in five bids for improved council housing. The local authority said there was no record of any requests for assistance for leaks in the property, but that staff visited in January last year to treat damp. An appointment is due soon for a contractor to investigate ‘cold draughts’ at the home. The spokesperson said: ‘With regard to moving to a larger house, (the tenant) is on our Assisted Bid list, which means that the Homesearch team helps her to submit her bids. ‘Since December 2021, she has requested bids on just five properties, none of which were successful. ‘The Homesearch team has tried to get in touch with her several times by phone and letter to encourage her to engage with them about her housing situation and so they can support her further with the bidding process.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.