‘If your dad was terminally ill or something, would you go and be with him?’ I’m presented with this question often – more than people with two parents might think – and I’ve perfected my answer. I tell the person cross-examining me that I have no idea (because that is the truth) and move the conversation on to less morbid topics. But I know, emotionally, that I can’t just brush this question aside. It brings with it a whole host of ugly feelings and triggers a bit of an internal crisis, if I’m honest. I’ve been asking myself whether I will visit my dying dad (who is, for all I know, perfectly healthy) since I was a young child. He left my mum when I was under a week old – resulting in a period of homelessness for us both – before moving countries and shirking all parental responsibility. I heard from him every couple of months at first (not that I remember), which soon became every year, before halting entirely once he had a baby with his new wife. Silence followed until I was 16, when I discovered I had a health condition and needed to find out if it was genetic (it wasn’t), and had to strike up contact with him again. We had a series of weekly phone calls, where we made pleasantries for about 10 minutes, until later that year when he deigned to pay me a visit. I have pretty much no recollection of this – all I know is that there were no explanations, no apologies, and just some incredibly boring chat about his hero, Michael Jackson. I can assume it was as enjoyable for him as it was for me, because it’s been a decade since then and our communication has dwindled to him WhatsApping me on my birthday, Christmas and/or New Year, and the day after terrorist attacks when he realises he should probably check to make sure I’m still alive. So no – we don’t have a great relationship (or any relationship). In fact, he is the complete antithesis to what a dad – or parent – ought to be. I have never felt cared about by him – something that is incredibly sad, but that I have also learnt to make peace with. The very little effort he puts into me is something I have learnt to give back to him in kind. Someone might read this and think, ‘Well then, people asking about your plans for his death shouldn’t cause you such turmoil’ – and I’d see their point. But it’s really not a simple question. It prompts an internal conversation with myself that goes a bit like this: ‘Well he’s been a rubbish dad so you shouldn’t need to go and see him.’ ‘But what if he dies and you feel guilty that you didn’t try?’ ‘What if he wants to apologise?’ ‘The poor man is dying – be the bigger person and go and see him.’ ‘He’s not just been awful to you, but to your mum – you can’t make amends with him for her sake.’ ‘You haven’t spoken to him properly since you became an adult – aren’t you curious?’ So you can see why I’m not the biggest fan of the deathbed question. The same goes for inquiries like, ‘Will he be invited to your wedding?’, ‘Will he meet your kids?’ or ‘How about going to his funeral?’. Of course if the question comes from a close friend, or if asked with genuine care for how I feel about the whole ‘no dad’ thing, I don’t mind. But so often it feels like those of us with estranged parents are treated by others as a curiousity. I mean, can you imagine asking your friend with two parents – out of nowhere – what they would do if their dad died tomorrow? I think they’d stop inviting you to parties. Thankfully, I’ve had therapy to come to terms with how I feel about these questions. I’ve learnt that when people are asking, they’re doing it with the image of a proper father in mind. They’re not picturing my dad – they’ve conjured the same fantasy that I did as a child. That deep down, this man cares. But my dad is not a dad – at least not to me. At times, I still think I need to decide whether I will ever see him (whether that be at my wedding, after the birth of my children, or on his deathbed). But on the whole, I’ve got to the place where I am satisfied with not knowing. I have done nothing to deserve my dad’s pathetic parenting and as a result he can expect nothing from me – nor has he earnt it. I can choose to see him if I want to, but I don’t need to know now how I will feel in the future. And neither do you. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : I cut off all ties with my dad – and I don’t regret our estrangement MORE : My sister-in-law nearly destroyed my marriage – I told my husband he had to cut her out of his life MORE : From boundary-crossing to abuse, these are signs it’s time to cut a relative out of your life