This is the moment a Texas deputy sheriff breaks down after learning his 10-year-old daughter was killed in the Uvalde school shooting. Felix Rubio was pictured holding his wife Kimberly for support after learning they had lost their beloved Lexi. She was among the 19 children murdered by teen shooter Salvador Ramos at Robb Elementary School on Tuesday. Many parents have been seen anxiously awaiting updates after their children were reported missing following the rampage, which also saw two teachers killed. Just hours before Lexi’s death, Felix had proudly posed with his daughter after she received her certificate at her school for making the all-A honour roll. She also received the good citizen award at Robb Elementary and gave a beaming smile as she posed for the camera with her parents. Little did she know, that would be the last photo they ever had taken together as a family. ‘We told her we loved her and would pick her up after school. We had not idea this was goodbye,’ Kimberly wrote on Facebook. Felix couldn’t hide the pain in his face after he was broken the news and was seen trying to comfort his devastated wife. He was distraught as he spoke to CNN and called for gun control measures to try and prevent a repeat of this week’s tragedy. Figures show that the number of mass shootings in the US has already passed 200 less than half way through the year. ‘All I can hope is that she’s just not a number. This is enough. No one else needs to go through this. We never needed to go through this, but we are,’ Felix said. He added: ‘I’ve had enough with guns. I don’t want my daughter’s name to be just another name.’ When asked what issues need resolving following the shooting Felix said: ‘Violence, guns. I’m a cop. I’m a deputy here in Uvalde County. This is enough.’ Felix and Kimberly said Lexi was ‘kind, sweet, and appreciated life’. They added: ‘She was going to be an all-star in softball and had a bright future whether it’s sports or academic. Please let the world know we miss our baby.’ Lexi’s aunt has set up a GoFundMe page to help her parents in their time of need. Salvador Ramos, 18, shot his own grandmother, leaving her in a critical condition, before crashing his car near Robb Elementary. He then stepped into the school wearing body armour while carrying a handgun, an AR-15-style assault rifle, which he used to gun down anyone in his path. It is not known what motivated the shooter to carry out his attack, which ended with him being shot dead by a border guard. Ramos told a woman on Instagram: ‘I got lil secret I wanna tell you’ just hours before launching his rampage at around 11.30am local time. State Senator Roland Gutierrez said the shooter had ‘suggested the kids should watch out’ on social media. He added that the first thing Ramos did on his 18th birthday was buy two assault weapons. Washington Governor Jay Inslee was quick to react to this week’s carnage. He tweeted a list of gun control measures the Democrat-controlled state has taken and wrote: ‘Your turn Congress’. But gun control measures are likely going nowhere in Congress, and they also have become increasingly scarce in most states. Aside from several Democratic-controlled states, the majority have taken no action on gun control in recent years or have moved aggressively to expand gun rights. That’s because they are either controlled politically by Republicans who oppose gun restrictions or are politically divided, leading to stalemate. ‘Here I am in a position where I can do something, I can introduce legislation, and yet to know that it almost certainly is not going to go anywhere is a feeling of helplessness,’ said state Senator Greg Leding, a Democrat in the GOP-controlled Arkansas Legislature. He has pushed unsuccessfully for red flag laws that would allow authorities to remove firearms from those determined to be a danger to themselves or others. Republicans have mostly called for more efforts to address mental health and to shore up protections at schools, such as adding security guards. Among them is Texas Gov. Greg Abbott, who has repeatedly talked about mental health struggles among young people and said tougher gun laws in places like New York and California are ineffective. In Tennessee, GOP Rep. Jeremy Faison tweeted that the state needs to have security officers ‘in all of our schools’. But he stopped short of promising to introduce legislation during next year’s legislative session. He added: ‘Evil exists and we must protect the innocent from it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.