Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are welcoming the cameras into their home for a new Netflix docuseries as part of their bumper $100million (£80million) streaming deal, reports claim. It’s been said that the couple is filming inside their $14million (£12million) Santa Barbara mansion for content for the candid show, and it’s already giving us Keeping Up With The Kardashians vibes. According to Page Six, the Sussexes have been working with production crews on an ‘at-home with the Duke and Duchess-style’ show for a number of months. The publication reports that Netflix is hoping to launch the programme at the end of the year to coincide with the release of Prince Harry’s upcoming memoir. However, the Sussexes are angling for the docuseries to be held back until 2023, sources have alleged. ‘The timing is still being discussed, things are up in the air,’ one insider said. Exactly what will be included in the documentary and whether the couple’s children, Archie, three, and Lilibet, 11 months, will feature, currently remains to be seen. News of the supposed docuseries comes two years after Meghan and Harry denied they were filming a reality series for the streamer. At the time, their representative said: ‘The Duke and Duchess are not taking part in any reality shows.’ Harry and Meghan signed a multimillion-pound deal with Netflix in 2020. News of Harry and Meghan’s series comes just weeks after it was announced that Meghan’s animated show Pearl was dropped by the streaming service. The Archewell Productions show, which was one of two projects announced as part of their Netflix deal, was set to focus on the adventures of a 12-year-old girl inspired by influential women from history. Pearl was axed as part of strategic decisions the streaming giant is making around animated series after it emerged that it had lost 200,000 users over the first three months of 2022, falling well short of predictions it would add 2.5 million subscribers. It is understood Netflix decided not to move forward with development on several projects. Netflix has stumbled in the face of increased competition from the likes of Disney, Amazon Prime and the reopening of cinemas. The US firm has seen its share value cut in half over the past six months as investors have grown increasingly concerned by the change in fortunes. Despite the series being canned, Netflix said Archewell Productions remains a valued partner and they are continuing to work together on a number of projects, including the documentary Heart Of Invictus. The show follows people competing at the Invictus Games, and a camera crew was seen close to Harry and Meghan during their time at the event in The Hague, Netherlands, last month. Metro.co.uk has contacted the Sussexes and Netflix for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 