Ray Liotta appeared in good spirits in a photo taken with an adoring fan just days before his death. The Goodfellas actor – also known for his roles in Field of Dreams and Something Wild – died in his sleep at the age of 67, while in the Dominican Republic where he was shooting for a new movie. His death sent shockwaves through TV, film and gaming communities, with thousands of fans and celebrity friends pouring their hearts out in loving tributes, celebrating his life and career. A selfie obtained on Sunday, March 22, a mere four days before Liotta’s death, shows the US star looking happy and healthy as he surely made a fan’s day by stopping for a chat. Liotta – who has been remembered as a kind and generous soul by friends and colleagues – was as polite as ever when he posed with the fan, cosying up inside a shopping mall. TMZ obtained the snap which shows the actor wearing a casual ensemble and protecting his head from the heat with a hat, while smiling next to a young woman. The woman who was fortunate enough to have the chance encounter told the publication that he was as kind and receptive as could be. Named Alba, she shared with the outlet that she was mindlessly strolling through BlueMall in Santo Domingo when she caught a glance of Liotta walking alongside a couple of handlers as he was headed into a pharmacy. While Liotta was inside, Alba walked up to his associates and asked if she could approach him. After being given the thumbs up, she said the actor gave her a hug and was ‘super gracious.’ She adds that he complimented her English, since it was not her first language. When Alba kindly asked to take a selfie together, Liotta happily obliged before the two parted ways, with the pair both oblivious to the heartbreak around the corner for Liotta’s loved ones. Liotta – who died on Thursday – was accompanied by his partner in the Dominican Republic while working on Dangerous Waters, with sources telling TMZ he was ‘in good spirits’ and ‘happy to be working.’ Ray’s former co-stars and fans have taken to social media to show an outpouring of support for the beloved actor, with the likes of Goodfellas’ Lorraine Bracco sharing that she is ‘utterly shattered’ after hearing the sad news. ‘I am utterly shattered to hear this terrible news about my Ray. I can be anywhere in the world & people will come up & tell me their favourite movie is Goodfellas. Then they always ask what was the best part of making that movie. My response has always been the same…Ray Liotta,’ she tweeted. Also paying tribute was Let’s Get Loud hitmaker Jennifer Lopez, who said the actor was ‘so kind’ to her children and ‘the epitome of a tough guy who was all mushy on the inside,’ which she believes is what made him ‘such a compelling actor to watch’ and ‘the original Goodfella.’ ‘We shared some intense moments on set those three years! When I first heard he took the job on Shades of Blue, I was thrilled, and the first time we walked on set to do our first scene together there was an electric spark and a mutual respect and we both knew this was going to be good. We enjoyed doing our scenes together and I felt lucky to have him there to work with and learn from,’ she wrote on Instagram. Liotta is survived by partner Jacy Nittolo, to whom he was engaged to be married. He also leaves behind a daughter, Karsen, who he shared with his ex-wife Michelle Grace. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Helen Mirren dances her way across Cannes red carpet with Andie MacDowell before ditching dancing shoes MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Jury sent home for weekend after deliberations began in Amber Heard defamation case 