Arsenal goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale says celebrating in front of Bruno Fernandes after the Manchester United star missed a penalty was ‘good sh**housery’. Fernandes had the chance to equalise from the spot during last month’s crucial Premier League clash at the Emirates, but his effort clipped the post before going wide. Ramsdale began sprinting towards Fernandes after seeing the shot go wide, jumping in front of the Portugal playmaker and punching the air in delight. The goalkeeper’s reaction was compared to Martin Keown’s famous interaction with Ruud van Nistelrooy after the former Red Devils striker missed a penalty against Arsenal at Old Trafford in 2003. But Ramsdale has defended his celebration to Fernandes’ miss and believes the response from fans and pundits was ‘blown out of proportion’. Speaking on That Peter Crouch Podcast, Ramsdale said: ‘It was good sh**housery, but I think it got blown out of proportion because there was five or six Arsenal players in front of me so I celebrated with them. ‘It looked like it, I probably had that [Keown’s celebration] in my head a bit and then stopped halfway, but it’s just emotion. ‘It’s nothing to do with him [Fernandes] or to do with the football club or anything like that. It was just pure emotion.’ Arsenal went on to beat Manchester United 3-1 as they boosted their hopes of securing Champions League football and inflicted a huge blow on Ralf Rangnick’s side. Ramsdale, who completed a £30m move to Arsenal last summer, also responded to the criticism he received after waving to Chelsea fans during his team’s recent victory at Stamford Bridge. ‘I find it quite funny how other players or fans can do what they want to goalies who stand there on their own for 90 minutes getting abused,’ the former Sheffield United star said, ‘I waved at a Chelsea fan the other week, who was giving me all sorts in the second-half, so when we scored the penalty I waved at him and security guard said, “why did you do that? Was it necessary?” ‘I said, “you’ve listened to everything he said, he has called me every name under the sun, but I can’t simply wave”. It’s enjoyment for me.’ Ramsdale has enjoyed an impressive first season at Arsenal, quickly replacing Bernd Leno as Mikel Arteta’s first-choice goalkeeper and helping the Gunners climb to fourth in the Premier League. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 