Paul Scholes believes Edinson Cavani has been a ‘disgrace’ for Manchester United this season and claims Raphael Varane has ‘got away with it’ after his injury-hit season at Old Trafford. Cavani’s contract with United is due to expire next month and the Uruguay international will leave Old Trafford on a free transfer. The 35-year-old has barely featured for United this season, starting just seven games in the Premier League. Varane, meanwhile, has struggled with injuries following his arrival from Real Madrid last year and has managed just 20 starts in his debut Premier League campaign. Following Erik ten Hag’s arrival at Old Trafford this week, Scholes has urged United’s board to back the Dutchman following their ’embarrassing’ season. ‘It’ll be interesting to see how many go. Obviously Paul [Pogba] is out of contract, Jesse [Lingard] is out of contract as well. It’ll be interesting to see how many he’d like to change, I think there’d be quite a few,’ Scholes told Premier League Productions. ‘I still think there’s a nucleus of some really good players, there are some good, young talented players in that squad. ‘We were thinking nine months ago we were all talking about them challenging for the league, we were definitely a little bit wrong with that. ‘But there is a really good group of players there, I’m sure there is. Two, three, maybe four additions in with real quality coming into the squad that he needs. ‘Do you know what, we go back to last year as well we thought Ronaldo’s coming in, Varane is coming in. You are thinking, ‘yeah, here we go’. ‘Varane’s been disappointing. I think he’s got away with it a little bit. A lot of injuries, hardly played a game. ‘Cavani I think was a disgrace this year, he hardly ever played. He pulled out of the Middlesbrough game because he had to travel back from wherever he was. ‘Funnily enough, since that Middlesbrough game I think I heard last night United have won only five out of 18 games or something since then. ‘It’s been embarrassing, this manager now needs backing. Who’s going to help him do that? The club upstairs is still a bit of a mess, we don’t really know. ‘But I think the money will be there. If he gets the right players in, he gets his way of playing, takes no nonsense from these so-called big, star players then I think he’ll be okay.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 