Vladimir Putin is understood to have taken over complete control of Russian forces in Ukraine while displaying increasingly erratic and desperate behaviour. The Russian president is understood to be making ‘impossible demands’ of troops in a bid to secure success before Victory Day in Russia. The national holiday, which falls on May 9, remembers the day Russian forces defeated Nazi Germany in the Second World War. It is a day full of military parades and nationalism, and many believe Putin will use the day to glorify himself as Russia’s leader and frame the invasion of Ukraine as a success. Ahead of May 9, Putin is thought to have assumed ‘day to day’ running of the invasion leaving the management of Russia to his prime minister Mikhail Mishustin, sources close to the Kremlin have said. He is said to have demanded troops seize control of Kryvyi Rih – where the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky was born – according to a report from the General Staff of Ukraine’s armed forces. However, seizing the large city in central Ukraine represents a huge task for Russian forces, which have already lost almost 25,000 soldiers in bloody battles in Ukraine. Putin’s increasingly desperate behaviour comes as speculation over his health and fitness to lead is called into question. There have been various reports the 69-year-old leader is suffering from cancer, may have Parkinson’s disease or a mental health condition which is affecting his ability to govern. The Kremlin has always strongly denied Putin is ill, but critics claim footage of the president appearing bloated, slumped in chairs and disappearing for long periods prove otherwise. An ex-KGB agent who defected to the West has said members of Putin’s inner circle may be kept in the dark about his physical state. Boris Karpichkov, a former KBG agent who defected from Russia, told The Sun that Putin was ‘insane’ and becoming ‘obsessed by paranoid ideas’. ‘He sees literally everyone, including those inside the Russian security services and even inside his close inner circle, to be “traitors”‘, he said. Putin may be keeping those closest to him unaware of his health difficulties, in order to maintain his image, Karpichkov added. ‘He is so suspicious and so obsessed with his paranoia ideas that he can be now compared with Stalin tyrant,’ he said. ‘I am not a medic myself… but there is a serious concern that Putin is suffering from numerous physical health conditions – possibly from the sport injuries during his younger years. ‘This is along with some issues which affect older people – such as Dementia in the early stages.’ Stalin’s last years were marked by paranoia and mistrust. He had one of his doctors imprisoned after he suggested the dictator should retire from political life to try and improve his health. There have been reports Putin has also begun to interrogate doctors, notably Professor Valery Solovey, over claims about the president’s physical and mental health. The president is reportedly due to undergo surgery to treat cancer within the coming weeks. The popular Telegram channel General SVR reported on Saturday that the president may be forced to give up control of the war while he has treatment. Putin has allegedly already delayed the operation which was scheduled for the second half of April. But his doctors have insisted on it happening ‘in the near future’ as ‘the course of the disease is progressing’, according to General SVR, which claims to have a well-placed source in Moscow. General SVR reported that Putin has abdominal cancer and Parkinson’s 18 months ago. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.