Peter Andre and his wife Emily have discussed moving to Australia to be near his elderly parents, Emily has revealed. The Mysterious Girl singer, 48, has admitted in the past that he struggles to be away from his mum and dad, finding it particularly difficult when he was unable to see them during the Covid pandemic. Adding to Peter’s worries is the fact that his mother Thea, 85, is currently in ‘faltering health’. Emily, 32, has now admitted that she and Peter have discussed moving to the other side of the world to be with Thea and Peter’s father Savvas, 88. In an interview with The Sun, she admitted the separation from his parents is ‘a tough one’ for Peter. ‘It’s hard for him having his family there,’ she said. However it’s not as simple as just upping and leaving, as Emily explained ‘we have kids who are at school here, my work is here, a lot of his work is here’. Emily, who is a doctor, admitted that while the move is ‘something we have talked about’, they haven’t, at this point, ‘planned anything’. For now the family are trying to find a ‘balance’ between what’s happening with Peter’s family ‘and trying to do the best for our family here’. The couple share daughter Amelia, eight, and son Theo, five, while Pete also has older kids Junior, 16, and Princess, 14, with ex-wife Katie Price. Earlier this year, Peter finally made the trip to see his parents after two long years, bringing eldest son Junior with him on the emotional trip. Former I’m A Celebrity star Peter later opened up on the trip on Instagram, admitting the time with his mum had been ‘the greatest days in many many years’. ‘I can’t begin to express how I feel to be with her. I’m happy now.’ In a later interview on Good Morning Britain, Peter outlined how his mum’s health had made the trip especially poignant. ‘Our mum’s not very well. Dad’s 89, he’s still rocking, dad is, but mum’s, she’s suffering quite a bit,’ he said. ‘So we’re all here together. It means a lot to us to be able to have this time with mum. For us it’s amazing.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Andre all smiles after hitting back at Rebekah Vardy’s ‘chipolata’ comment in Coleen Rooney case MORE : Peter Andre issues emotional plea after Rebekah Vardy claims about his body resurface in court: ‘What about mental health and being kind?’ 