Dame Deborah James is to make her final TV appearance on medical show Embarrassing Bodies. The You Me And The Big C podcast host, also known as Bowelbabe, recently revealed she’s receiving end of life care following a battle with bowel cancer, and launched a fundraiser which has surpassed £6million in donations for Cancer Research UK. The campaigner will appear on the Channel 4 show to raise awareness for bowel cancer, and has given her blessing for the episode to be aired even if she has already died. In the scenes, which were recorded earlier this year, Dame Deborah will open up more about her story, speaking to young people. Speaking to The Sun, the 40-year-old revealed: ‘I might not live to see the episode air but I hope the message to “Check your poo” will live on, long after I’m gone. ‘It might be embarrassing but it might just save your life.’ She added: ‘I’ve given my blessing for this episode to run if I’m gone, if it helps save one life it will be worth it.’ The news follows Dame Deborah’s announcement that she has partnered with fashion brand In The Style to launch a charity T-shirt, with all the proceeds going to the BowelBabe Fund. The £15 T-shirt, which Dame Deborah modelled paired with a pink tulle skirt in the promo image, features her ‘rebellious hope’ slogan across the front, with 100% of the proceeds – a minimum of £7.08 per top bought – going to her fund. The The BowelBabe Fund for Cancer Research UK was founded by Dame Deborah and her family to help fund clinical trials and research into new treatments for cancer patients, as well as to raise awareness of bowel cancer, and has already amassed over £6.4million in donations. Dame Deborah told her followers: ‘I’m so excited to finally be able to share (at least part) of a project I’ve been working on for several months now. Together with the @inthestyle team I’ve been creating and designing a collection of beautiful clothes to hopefully make us all look good and feel great!!! ‘The main collection isn’t quite ready yet, although some of you will have noticed recently I’ve been sporting a whole host of beautiful floral dresses – which I can confirm were worn for my visit from Prince William! ‘I cannot tell you guys how this partnership has kept me going through my hospital stays and taken me away from cancer. For years, I always talked about “Dressing up to make you feel better” and over recent months all the ups and downs, being in and out of hospital, dressing up in nice clothes and popping on some Lippy has made a difference to my journey.’ Dame Deborah’s charity T-shirt with In The Style is available here. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dame Deborah James launches ‘rebellious hope’ bowel cancer charity tee with In The Style MORE : Lizzie Cundy compares ‘waste of money’ Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney trial to Deborah James’ fundraising efforts 