Peter Andre has revealed that his titular reality show will return after nearly a decade. The fly-on-the-wall documentary – which ran from 2009 to 2013 – followed the Mysterious Girl singer’s everyday life and the lives of his children. Peter Andre: My Life Andre was a sequel to the several shows he made alongside his ex-wife Katie Price. The TV personality revealed that fans have constantly asked whether he would bring the hit programme back to the screens, and said ‘the answer has always been no’. However, Peter – who is currently starring as DJ Vince Fontaine in the West End revival Grease – explained that the revival will be different as his ‘kids are older now’. ‘But it’s about doing it slightly differently and the kids are older now,’ he said. ‘Princess is about to do her GCSEs and Junior is starting out in the music industry. So we’ll be able to show the two very different sides of teenage life. Emily’s [MacDonagh] career is evolving too,’ he added to The Sun. However, Peter’s son Theo, five, and daughter Millie, eight, who he shares with  wife Emily MacDonagh will not feature in the programme. ‘Emily always said no,’ he said. ‘She wanted to keep their childhood private. But if Amelia gets to an age, when she’s 13 or 14, and wants to start doing stuff then we will discuss it.’ At the moment, not much is known about the show’s new name or its release date. Although the star will be welcoming the camera back into his family home, he recently ruled out returning to I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here following his appearance in 2004. He told The Sun: ‘No I wouldn’t but I would definitely present it… as in, I know Ant and Dec present it but you know the spin offs they do. ‘Now those I would love to do and present but no, I wouldn’t go back in the jungle.’ Meanwhile, Peter recently made headlines after Rebekah Vardy’s quip about the size of his manhood during the Wagatha Christie trial. During the high-profile court case, Rebekah was asked about an interview she gave in 2004 about a purported sexual encounter with Peter, which carried the headline: ‘Peter’s hung like a small chipolata, shaved, slobbery, lasts five minutes.’ Rebekah said that she was ‘forced into a situation by my ex-husband’ to do the interview, however, he has since vehemently denied all claims. Peter used Instagram to hit back at the jibe which has haunted him for 15 years, claiming there would be ‘absolute outrage’ had the tables been turned. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Naomi Campbell, Heidi Klum and Kit Harington lead glam squad at Monaco Grand Prix for Formula One race MORE : Peter Andre angry about chipolata jibe from Rebekah Vardy and how it keeps coming up 