Alison Hammond is a household name in the world of UK TV, and this week marks 20 years since she entered the Big Brother house for the first time, all the way back in 2002. Alison currently presents on This Morning every Friday alongside Dermot O’Leary, and also features on the panel of BBC’s I Can See Your Voice. She was even nominated for a Bafta in the entertainment presenter category this year, so it’s hard to believe it was a pretty slow rise to fame for the Brummie. The former cinema team leader entered Big Brother back in 2002, alongside the likes of winner Kate Lawler and Adele Roberts, who is now a much-loved DJ on BBC Radio 1. Fans may be surprised to learn she was actually the second housemate to be evicted that year. Nope, we’re just as shocked. After leaving the house, she soon became a regular on our TV sets, joining the This Morning family. Now she’s basically everywhere and even broke America as a result, with John Oliver featuring her in an epic montage on his Last Week Tonight programme. So it’s only right that we share all our favourite Alison Hammond moments to mark her two decades on screen. The milestone comes as fans hope she’ll be one of the celebs to sign up for I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here!’s all-star version. Alison appeared on the 10th series of I’m A Celeb, where she finished in 10th place, but given another chance, we’re sure she’d be even more enthusiastic and leave us in hysterics as she battles the crawlies. Although we’d love to see her back doing bushtucker trials, Alison admitted on This Morning earlier this month that she’s not up for returning, saying: ‘Oh nah, I don’t think I would do it.’ When she was quizzed on what the toughest part was when she had taken part, she said: ‘For me, just not being able to go and have a shower when I wanted.’ This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Major lack of female headliners at UK festivals in 2022 as music industry gender imbalance continues, study finds MORE : Harry Hill shows off bizarre tribute to Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee – and it’s an artistic masterpiece 