The French interior minister Gerald Darmanin has accused Jurgen Klopp of contributing to the chaos involving Liverpool supporters during the Champions League final at the Stade de France on Saturday evening. The match was delayed by 36 minutes after thousands of Liverpool supporters were prevented from entering the stadium, despite arriving hours in advance. French police have been heavily criticised for the use of tear gas on fans, some of whom included children, who posed no threat as they waited to enter their gate outside the ground. However, Darmanin has blamed ‘fraud at an industrial level’ for the situation, claiming 70 per cent of tickets that were checked at the pre-filtering stage at the Stade de France were fake. He said during a press conference on Monday that ‘30,000 to 40,000 Liverpool supporters found themselves at the Stade de France either with fake tickets or without a ticket’. Darmanin also suggested that Liverpool’s decision to insist on paper tickets for supporters contributed to the counterfeiting and criticised Klopp for urging fans earlier this month to travel to Paris even if they didn’t have a ticket for the game. ‘The tickets are normally electronic, they were made in paper at the request of Liverpool. The 22,000 English tickets were all paper, which contributed to massive and industrial fraud,’ Darmanin said. ‘Comparisons with the Olympics and the Rugby World Cup seems to me quite disproportionate, knowing that it’s obviously only in football with certain English clubs that these events happen. ‘I would remind you that France has organised a great many rugby matches and very high-level football lately without difficulty. This was particularly the case in the final of the Coupe de France. ‘In 2019, the final between Liverpool and Tottenham had posed the same problems in Madrid. A final at Wembley a few years ago had exactly the same problems. ‘There is also the Liverpool coach [Klopp] who called on the supporters to travel to France even without tickets. ‘We ended up with tens of thousands of British supporters, some of whom had respected the rules perfectly. And a minor, but extremely lively, section which pushed the authorities.’ Meanwhile, France’s sports minister Amelie Oudea-Castera has confirmed that UEFA has been asked to reimburse 2,700 supporters who had valid tickets but could not get inside the stadium. In an earlier interview on Monday, Ms Oudea-Castera also acknowledged that locals in Saint-Denis had also attempted to get past security without tickets. ‘What we really have to bear in mind is that what happened first of all was this mass gathering of British supporters of the Liverpool club, without tickets, or with fake tickets,’ Oudea-Castera told French radio station RTL. ‘When there are that many people by the entrance to the stadium, there will be people trying to force their way in through the doors of the Stade de France, and a certain number of youths from the nearby area who were present tried to get in by mixing in with the crowd.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 