A bar manager who had a toxic substance thrown in his face has spoken out of his life-changing physical and mental injuries. When Tommy Powell arrived for his night shift at the Blue Bar Café in Eastbourne, he had no idea that only hours later paramedics would be scrambling to save his vision. CCTV shows his attacker, identified by Sussex Police as Bradley Moynes, squirting a liquid from a plastic bottle directly in his face, also injuring two other men. Moments earlier, Moynes had been ‘politely’ escorted outside after starting some trouble. Describing how the skin around his eyes almost immediately blistered, Tommy told Metro.co.uk: ‘It all happened within the space of five minutes. ‘I felt this indescribable burning pain. My eyes and face were covered. It had also gone in my mouth and throat.’ Three months on from the attack, Tommy, 27, said he is struggling with severe PTSD, depression and anxiety caused by the incident. He says he often shuts himself off from friends and family and avoids going out and talking to people. Before the attack on February 11, his friends described him as ‘outgoing’ and ‘very upbeat’. Now, they say, he has become ‘quite reserved’ and ‘closed off’. ‘I’m not completely blind but I have noticeably very bad sight and damaged colour perception,’ Tommy said. ‘The right eye is a lot worse than the left. My vision is blurry and I constantly feel pain. ‘According to the doctors, I have stem cell failure in my eyes, which means they basically cannot heal themselves. There’s no protective barrier for them.’ Currently, the NHS has given him eye-drops as a last option before a surgery. Alongside all his medical problems, Tommy is also struggling financially after not being able to work. Apart from his £99 a week statutory sick pay, he has no money coming in and is not sure how he can continue to live. His mental health problems will also affect when he can potentially return to full-time work, he said. ‘Because of my finances, I can’t even afford a quick drink down the road with someone,’ Tommy said. His friend and colleague Julia Wakelin, who was also on shift, stressed there are ‘no words to describe the horror and sheer panic’ that evening. Recalling the events that evening, she said Moynes beckoned Tommy closer to him before squirting the liquid directly in his face. ‘I was stood nearby and could immediately smell chemicals so strong my eyes, nose and throat burnt up,’ she said. ‘In that moment I knew something was seriously wrong.’ ‘Tommy manages to scramble inside, screaming in pain, and we rush to douse him in water in a desperate attempt to save his vision. One of the other victims collapsed outside in pain.’ When the paramedics arrived, they were not too sure what to do with the victims as they did not know what the substance was, Julia remembered. Eventually, once they though Tommy was all rinsed off, they bandaged his eyes with wet cotton pads and rushed him to the hospital. Somehow, Moynes managed to escape the scene undetected and he remains at large. No arrests have been made, and Sussex Police are not seeking anybody else in connection with the incident. Detective Amy Summers said: ‘Sussex Police launched an investigation into this horrific attack as soon as it was reported on February 11 and a suspect – Bradley Moynes – was swiftly identified. ‘Officers have been working with our partners in the community and neighbouring forces to urgently bring Moynes into custody for questioning, but he remains at large. ‘Our greatest sympathies go out to all three victims of this unprovoked attack, one of whom suffered serious facial injuries. ‘We remain in contact with the victims in order to update on any developments, but the current message remains the same – if you know where Bradley Moynes could be or have any information about the incident, please report it online, or call 101 quoting serial 1393 of 11/02. ‘If you see Moynes, do not approach him, but call 999 immediately, quoting the serial above.’ If you would like to donate to help Tommy, visit this GoFundMe page. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.