Kim Kardashian shared her ‘heartbreak and disgust’ over the lack of changes to gun laws in the US, following a deadly mass shooting in Texas. Salvador Ramos, 18, opened fire at Robb Elementary School, in Uvalde, with an AR-15 assault rifle on Tuesday afternoon. 19 children lost their lives in the massacre, as well as two adults, bringing the death toll up to 21 – with many more injured. A number of stars, including Taylor Swift and Piers Morgan, have condemned the atrocity on social media and led calls for something to change. In a lengthy post on Instagram, Kim said that lawmakers should be ‘pushed’ to enact legislation that is ‘fitting in today’s world’. ‘Yesterday 19 children were murdered by an 18-year-old, and I find myself heartbroken, disgusted and furious about how little has been done by law makers to enact gun laws that protect our children,’ the mom-of-four began. ‘There is no excuse and no justification for what happened yesterday. The current laws in our country around gun control are not protecting our children. We have to push lawmakers to enact laws that are fitting in today’s world. ‘Semi-automatic weapons, assault weapons, weapons of war, should not be legally sold or owned by American civilians. They should be banned. Period. ‘AR-15 style semi-automatic weapons were used in Newton, Pakland, Aurora, San Bernadino, Orlando, Parkland, in the Buffalo shooting 10 days ago, and reportedly in yesterday’s shooting. ‘They are sophisticated weapons, designed to kill. Assault weapons didn’t even exist when the Second Amendment was written. ‘We have to stop allowing people to use a sentence written centuries ago when technology, times, humanity were completely different, to dictate how we regulate gun ownership and how we protect our kids today.’ ‘The legal age to purchase a firearm is also a serious issue and needs to be addressed and increased,’ she continued. ‘There is no world in which an 18-year-old needs a semi-automatic weapon, or any weapon, and no world in which the outcome can be anything other than tragic. ‘As I even type these words I am seriously dumbfounded that this is something considered normal, acceptable and legal.’ The Kardashians star insisted that the public cannot keep accepting the incident as a ‘normal’ occurrence anymore. ‘It’s not normal for a teenager to kill children. It’s not normal for our kids to be practicing active shooter drills in schools,’ she added. ‘I’m not numbed by it. I will never be numbed by it. We can’t accept it. ‘Words can’t express my heartbreak for the parents whose babies didn’t come home from school yesterday.’ She ended the message by pleading with those in charge to ‘put politics aside’ and ‘put children first’. Matthew McConaughey, Amy Schumer and Chris Evans also joined calls for more to be done, while James Corden shared a passionate speech about the tragedy on the Late Late Show. The mass shooting comes almost 10 years after a gunman shot dead 26 students and teachers at Sandy Hook Elementary in Connecticut. Condemning the shooting last night, President Joe Biden added: ‘I had hoped when I became president I would not have to do this — again. ‘Another massacre. Uvalde, Texas. An elementary school. Beautiful, innocent second, third and fourth graders. ‘And how many scores of little children who witnessed what happened — see their friends die, as if they’re in a battlefield, for God’s sake. They’ll live with it the rest of their lives.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp ‘warned Warner Bros about Amber Heard’, denies trying to get her fired MORE : The Repair Shop: Olympic diver ‘shaken’ as experts restore gold and silver medals: ‘It’s actually got my heart going’ 