Rita Ora and Taika Waititi are all about the PDA, as they made perfectly clear when out for dinner this week. The couple couldn’t keep their hands off one another as they enjoyed a romantic meal at La Poubelle in California. Singer Rita and director Taika were joined by friends at the swanky dining spot, where the cute couple cuddled up and gazed lovingly into each other’s eyes. Pals watched on as the two larked around with big smiles on their faces, Taika stroking Rita’s hair and the RIP hitmaker nuzzling into his chest. Rita looked effortlessly chic in a blue maxi dress with an eye-catching glittery pattern. She styled her blonde locks in beachy waves and threw on a black oversized blazer to take the chill off. Her boyfriend Taika, meanwhile, opted for a casual look of black jeans, a cream shirt jacket and baseball cap. The pair haver mostly kept their romance on the down low since they started dating last year, but it seems they’re becoming more confident with displaying their affection in public. Masked Singer panellist Rita played coy when initially asked about their relationship, with the 30-year-old telling Australian Vogue last September: ‘I’m in a great place in my life, that’s all I’m going to say about that.’ Since then, though, they’ve enjoyed a series of high-profile events together, not shy about cosying up on the red carpet. Rita’s romance with the 46-year-old New Zealand filmmaker is thought to have started last March when they became inseparable while locked down in Australia together, as Taika worked on a project. They then made their public debut at The Suicide Squad premiere in August and have been posting loved-up Insta snaps together ever since. More recently, Rita opened up on keeping her relationship private, telling the Independent: ‘I think protecting something that you really care about, you’ve got to have a sense of privacy a little bit,’ which she attributes to having so much scrutiny on her personal life in the past. She added: ‘It’s ok to be a bit more reserved with things that you find private and want to protect.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Megan McKenna makes history as first X Factor winner to play at Glastonbury MORE : What have Kylie and Jason said about returning to Neighbours? 