Body language expert Judi James has compared Olivia Wilde to both Chris Rock as well as former Prime Minister Theresa May when it comes to keeping one’s cool during an unexpected moment on stage, as video of the moment she was served custody papers has emerged. Keeping one’s cool is an understatement, we reckon. The Don’t Worry Darling director was presenting the first trailer of her upcoming film at CinemaCon last week when a legal representative acting on behalf of her former partner Jason Sudeikis served documents to her personally on stage. Video emerged of the moment on Monday, with Olivia seen looking a little hesitant but ultimately welcoming the envelope, asking if it was for her, and initially thinking it may be a script from a fan. At the time, in a moment stranger than fiction, Olivia was talking to the audience about having a ‘perfect life’ involving ‘true love, the perfect partner…’ before the documents arrived. As she told the crowd, who had giggled at the rogue moment during what was such an important message about ‘having it all’, she would open up the document there on stage, Olivia soon realised she’d been given legal documents marked ‘private and confidential’. But, despite the situation unfolding out in front of her, unbeknown to everyone else in the room watching, she remarkably managed to keep her cool and quickly move back to presenting her film without any fuss. Dissecting the moment, expert Judi tells Metro.co.uk Olivia’s calm demeanour comes second only to comedian Chris, who managed to keep his cool after he was sensationally slapped by Will Smith as the Oscars earlier this year, in a moment that has gone down in history. Judi says: ‘If there is an award for keeping your cool on stage during unexpected and very personal challenges Olivia must currently run a close second to Chris Rock. This moment when she is served papers mid-speech is reminiscent of when Theresa May was passed a P45 mid-keynote and one thing Chris, Olivia and Theresa share in terms of their body language responses is the first, knee-jerk response to smile at what looks like a joke followed by a very slow realisation of what is happening, followed by a very professional cover-up of their real feelings.’ She goes on to describe Olivia’s ‘eloquent and confident’ speaking style when the envelope first appears, noting ‘her gesticulation is fluid and she has both hands up at chest level. She manages to pause mid-talk without any drama despite the fact that on-stage approaches can obviously be threatening’. However, the star’s smiles fades as she looks down and ‘her hands close slightly in a barrier gesture of mild surprise and puzzlement. She even leans forward when many stars would be stepping back and screaming for security’. Remarking at Olivia’s ‘calm and polite’ response, and the fact she welcomed the envelope and smiled at the audience, ‘as though to include them in the moment’, the real kicker is when the penny drops and she realises what she’s just been handed. Judi explains: ‘Her response when the penny drops is assertive but still polite. She performs some staccato nods before breathing in through her mouth to signal she has “got it thank you”. It is a knowing-looking ritual as though unsurprised by the behaviour before she raises her chin in a gesture of defiance and re-boots quickly as though to look as resilient as possible, possibly wanting to send out the message that this act won’t achieve the effect intended. ‘There is no throwing down of the envelope dismissively, instead she incorporates it into her gesticulation as though totally untroubled or unthreatened by it, holding it with both hands and tapping it onto one hand as she offers a meaningful-sounding verbal message of “things that really matter like true love, and the perfect partner”.’ Judi adds: ‘Her body language would be seen as a “win” here as there is no fear, embarrassment or being put off her stride. She resumes with confidence and enviable levels of cool, having come out looking like the bigger, more adult person.’ While Olivia – who dated Jason between 2011 and 2020 and shares two children with the former Saturday Night Live star – may have handled the moment like a pro, it’s said CinemaCon bosses have no clue how someone was able to serve her papers at the event. Speaking in an interview, John Fithian, the National Association of Theatre Owners president and CEO, was questioned on whether they know the woman’s identity. Admitting they didn’t know, he added: ‘We don’t know how this person got a registered badge to get through security to get into the auditorium. We just haven’t figured it out.’ While they are still investigating the incident, John confirmed that they had put plans into motion to make sure something similar doesn’t happen in the future. The internet was incredibly divided over the incident, however reps for Jason insisted the actor would never have condoned such a move. A statement from the Ted Lasso star’s reps said: ‘Mr Sudeikis had no prior knowledge of the time or place that the envelope would have been delivered as this would solely be up to the process service company involved and he would never condone her being served in such an inappropriate manner.’ MORE : Harry Styles enjoys solo drive in first sighting since girlfriend Olivia Wilde was served custody papers on stage MORE : Olivia Wilde being served custody papers on stage by Jason Sudeikis ‘not unheard of’ as expert weighs in 