A public inquiry into the Covid-19 pandemic and its handling will now include the impact of the pandemic on mental health, and on children and young people. It will also look into collaboration between the central government and regional government, including devolved administrations. The chairwoman of the inquiry has also proposed changes to also look at support for victims of domestic abuse, first contact with the NHS, including 111 and 999 services, care in the home, and regulatory control. The updated remit was confirmed in the updated terms of reference published today. It adds to the already established main topics of the Covid-19 inquiry announced last year – to examine the response to the pandemic and its impact in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, and produce a factual narrative account of what happened. The inquiry aims to identify lessons that can be learned so it can help the UK prepare for future pandemics. Chairwoman Baroness Heather Hallett also recommended that the terms of reference be reframed ‘to put inequalities at its forefront so that investigation into the unequal impacts of the pandemic runs through the whole inquiry’. She said in a written update to the prime minister today: ‘I held meetings with over 150 bereaved families and organisations representing different sectors in cities across the UK. I heard first hand how important a thorough inquiry into the UK’s handling of the coronavirus pandemic is. ‘This process provided me with an informative and constructive critique of the draft Terms of Reference. It demonstrated people’s passion to be part of the Inquiry and their desire to work with me to ensure valuable lessons are learned. ‘The unequal impact of the pandemic was a theme that came through strongly in responses to the consultation. ‘I am therefore recommending that the terms of reference be reframed to put possible inequalities at its forefront so that investigation into any unequal impacts of the pandemic runs through the whole inquiry. ‘This important recommendation will ensure the inquiry is inclusive in its approach.’ It follows a four-week consultation period in which more than 20,000 people responded, while Baroness Hallett and her team also met bereaved families and representatives from interested groups. Prime Minister Boris Johnson will now be asked to agree to the terms of reference, although this is widely anticipated to be effectively a rubber-stamping exercise. The inquiry is due to begin with public hearings in 2023. Last week, the government said it will not be appealing against a High Court ruling which stated it acted unlawfully by discharging untested hospital patients into care homes during the early stages of the pandemic. Judges found that ministers didn’t take into account the risks to vulnerable people from non-symptomatic transmission of coronavirus. The latest figures that show more than 175,000 people have died in the UK within 28 days of a positive Covid-19 test since the pandemic began. A new booster jab could be on the cards, as research led by the University of Southampton published this week found that a fourth vaccine dose significantly increased levels of antibodies. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.