Maisie Williams has revealed the embarrassing moment she met Bono and we love her for it. The 25-year-old Game of Thrones star got a little starstruck when she was backstage at a U2 concert and introduced herself to the frontman in the most awkward way possible. Appearing on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, she said: ‘Bono was backstage and everyone was gonna go and say hi to Bono and I didn’t wanna be like, “Hi I’m Maisie, I know who you are.” ‘But then I just ended up being like, “Hi I’m Maisie. What’s your name?” He was just like, “What are you doing?” I played it way too cool.’ Generally, Maisie admitted she often gets star struck at glitzy celebrity events, but she tries to ‘play it cool and not overdo it’. That worked out in her favour at the Met Gala earlier this month when she ended up sat on a table with Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker, and she tried to find a way in’. ‘I needed to, like, have an in to the conversation, have something to say, something interesting for them to know,’ she said. The Pistol actress – who plays Jordan Mooney, a friend of the band, in Danny Boyle’s upcoming biopic – remembered the couple had dressed up as Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious and Nancy Spungen. She added: ‘They did dress up as Sid and Nancy for Halloween two years ago, a year ago. So then my thought was, ‘I’m in a show and Sid and Nancy are in that show and I’m in it too, and so hi!” ‘[They said] “Great, yeah, we can’t wait to watch it.” And that was it. We were best friends.’ Away from the star studded Hollywood life, Maisie has ‘never felt better’ since she moved to the country, having set up home in 2021 in a 1930s cottage in West Sussex, England, with her fashion designer boyfriend Reuben Selby. She recently said: ‘I have just never felt better. What I’ve learned about myself is that I gain a lot more when I am alone, and it’s much harder to do that when you’re out on the scene. ‘It’s hard to really let go and there is a tendency to give into pressures while living in that world.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : U2’s Bono performs in Kyiv bomb shelter in ‘show of solidarity’ for Ukraine after invite from President Zelensky MORE : Maisie Williams shares simply iconic photos from behind-the-scenes of Sex Pistols biopic 