The number of children in the UK who have been struck down by a mystery hepatitis outbreak has risen by 13 to 176. Of the confirmed UK cases, 128 are in England, 26 are in Scotland, 13 are in Wales and nine are in Northern Ireland. Cases of sudden onset hepatitis in children have been recorded in more than 20 countries across the globe since April. Health experts don’t currently know what is causing the spate of cases that started in the UK in January and has primarily affected children aged under 10. The usual viruses that cause infectious hepatitis (hepatitis A to E) have not been detected in any of the cases. The majority of children who have fallen ill in the UK are aged under five and initially fell ill with diarrhoea and sickness before developing jaundice. As part of the investigation into what is causing the cases, a small number of children over the age of 10 are also being investigated, the UK Health Security Agency has said. The investigation continues to suggest a link with adenovirus, a common cause of childhood illness which has been the most often detected virus in the samples that have been tested. It comes as Irish authorities said one child has died and another has received a liver transplant after being admitted to hospital with an acute form of hepatitis. The latest death is thought to bring the global fatality toll to nine, with five reported in the US and three in Indonesia. There have been no deaths in the UK. Globally, there have been around 350 cases of ‘severe hepatitis of unknown origin’ in children in 21 countries. At least 26 youngsters have required liver transplants, according to the latest World Health Organization (WHO) update. However, experts have warned the current cases may only be the tip of the iceberg due to poor surveillance in some countries. Irish authorities said that there have been six probable cases of children with hepatitis in Ireland since March, which it said ‘is more than would usually be expected over this period of time’. All children were aged between one and 12 years old, and all had been hospitalised. The HSE said none of the children affected had any links to the other Irish or UK cases and none had recently travelled to the UK. Irish authorities are liaising closely with the ECDC (European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control), the WHO and authorities in the UK to identify the cause of the illness. Hepatitis means inflammation of the liver. The vital organ helps the body process nutrients, filter blood and fight off infection, meaning hepatitis can be fatal if left untreated. What is causing the current spike in cases remains a mystery – but experts have wondered whether it is linked to the pandemic and lockdown which has led to children being exposed to fewer viruses. A link to the coronavirus vaccine has been ruled out, however, since none of the confirmed UK cases in children under 10 have been vaccinated. Experts have also discounted the idea that international travel or paracetamol could be factors. Health officials have urged parents to take their children to a GP if they start showing symptoms of hepatitis, including yellowing of the eyes and skin (jaundice). Other symptoms can include dark urine, pale-grey poo, itchy skin, muscle and joint pains, tiredness, feeling sick, a high temperature, loss of appetite and stomach pain. As with most illnesses good hygiene, including supervising hand washing in young children, can help to prevent infection. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 