The government is lifting restrictions placed on police stop and search powers in areas where they anticipate violent crime. Home secretary Priti Patel sent a letter to police forces outlined the changes – which will see an easing of conditions on the use of stop and search under section 60 of the criminal justice and public order act. It essentially means that police officers will now have more power to use stop and search tactics with greater freedoms. The changes extend the length of time the powers can be in force from 15 to 24 hours. The period a section 60 can be extended to is now 48 hours, having previously been 39 hours. The rank at which officers are able to authorise the deployment of stop and search has been lowered from senior officer to inspector, while a superintendent can now extend the authorisation. The limitations were put in place in 2014 by then home secretary Theresa May, and critics say restoring full powers of stop and search will disproportionately harm Black and ethnic minority communities. ‘What Black and Brown communities have always asked for is a more targeted approach to stop and search,’ Ben Lindsay, activist and founder of Power The Fight, tells Metro.co.uk. Ben believes that the ending of limitations on the use of section 60 powers means there will be an increase of stop and search on Black communities that result in no further action. ‘Decisions like this do not consider the intergenerational impact and the trauma this type of structural oppression has on Black children who are consistently racially profiled and targeted by the police,’ he says. The stats back up Ben’s fears. During lockdown, young Black men were stopped and searched by police more than 20,000 times in London alone. ‘This is the equivalent of more than a quarter of all Black 15-24-year-olds in the capital,’ Ben adds. ‘More than 80% of the 21,950 searches between March and May 2020 resulted in no further action, according to analysis by the office of the home affairs select committee. ‘How can a decision to lift restrictions on police stop and search powers help to reduce this and also build trust between Black communities and the police?’ The disproportionate impact of stop and search powers on Black and ethnic minority communities have long been discussed. In the year to March 2021, Black people were seven times more likely to be stopped and searched than white people, while Asian people were two-and-a-half times more likely. The report, published by the Independent Office for Police Conduct, revealed that one Black teenager was stopped and searched 60 times over the space of two years. Other examples include a 14-year-old Black child who was stopped and handcuffed while walking through a cemetery. Another 12-year-old Black boy was handcuffed within 20 seconds of the police officer leaving his car – despite the child having a plaster cast on. In April, it was revealed that five police officers were to face investigation for gross misconduct over the stop and search of two elite Black athletes who were driving through London with their baby. The argument from the Government is that these new measures are needed to prevent knife crime and tackle serious violence. The move from the Home Office coincides with the launch of Operation Sceptre – a week of intensive action from every police force in England and Wales to combat knife crime nationwide. A statement from the Home Office says the restrictions that were put in place in 2014 have ‘limited when officers could use the vital power and decreased their confidence in deploying it.’ However, there many critics who dispute the effectiveness of section 60 as a policing tool. ‘The data clearly shows that stop and search doesn’t reduce crime,’ says senior policy manager at Runnymede, Alba Kapoor. ‘Instead, it is a blunt tool which erodes confidence in the police. ‘In 2019/20 there were 18,081 recorded Section 60 searches, of which only 3.7% succeeded in finding offensive weapons. ‘Extending Section 60 stop and search powers will only deepen disparities and increase mistrust in the police.’ A Home Office spokesperson said: ‘Every knife taken off our streets is a potential life saved. Stop and search removed almost 16,000 dangerous weapons from our streets and resulted in almost 80,000 arrests last year. Crime statistics show increasing proactive policing, like stop and search, is helping the police find more knives and drugs, and arrest more criminals. ‘Nobody should be stopped and searched because of their race and extensive safeguards such as statutory codes of practice and body worn video exists to ensure that this does not happen.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Black and ethnic minority nurses ‘facing entrenched racism and worsening harassment’ in the NHS MORE : Black professionals in tech industry being ‘left behind’ due to persistent racial inequalities MORE : Telling me I’m ‘almost white’ is not a compliment