Mel B proved to be the biggest cheerleader in the crowd as she anxiously watched daughter Phoenix Gulzar-Brown compete in The Games. The new ITV series debuted on Monday night with Holly Willoughby and Freddie Flintoff doing the honours of hosting the celebrity competition. It sees 12 celebrities battle it out over a week of live programming, competing in Olympic events including diving, cycling, running and weightlifting. Episode one kicked off with the women’s 100m hurdles, featuring stars such as Love Island’s Olivia Attwood, Emmerdale star Rebecca Sarker, model Christine McGuinness and singer-songwriter and footballer Chelcee Grimes. However, much of the focus was on Phoenix and her superstar mother Mel, who sat in the stands with friends waving a huge banner which read: ‘Team Phoenix.’ At times the Wannabe singer, 46, looked excited as she chatted with her pals, but became visibly anxious as the horn sounded. Phoenix put in a stellar job of storming round the race track and leaping over the hurdles, and it seemed as though she was overtaking Chelcee at one point. However, she ever-so narrowly missed out on first place with Chelcee inching her foot over the finish line first, leaving Phoenix to come in second. Many viewers were pleasantly surprised by Phoenix’s efforts, as one tweeted: ‘Phoenix actually had a nice technique over the hurdles.’ Another said: ‘Phoenix had pretty good form. Could be a contender with some training.’ ‘Phoenix actually hasn’t got a bad technique for 12 weeks training,’ one other viewer weighed in. Phoenix, 23, is Mel’s eldest daughter from her marriage to dancer Jimmy Gulzar who she divorced in 2000, two years after they tied the knot. Mel is having to share the spotlight with her daughter after receiving her MBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace last week, for her services to domestic violence victims. The Games continues Tuesday night at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian goes all-out for son Psalm’s Hulk themed birthday party as he turns three years old MORE : Harvey Weinstein branded ‘a real turd’ by actress Sissy Spacek as she recalls ‘unsavoury’ behaviour 