Kourtney Kardashian celebrated marrying her husband Travis Barker by packing on the PDA at the altar. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star, 43, and the Blink-182 drummer, 46, tied the knot for the third time in a lavish ceremony in Portofino, Italy, in front of family and friends. Both bride and groom wore Dolce & Gabbana outfits, with the Poosh founder teaming her short white dress with a long embroidered veil. After exchanging their vows, Kourtney and Travis were pictured sealing the deal with a kiss. They then turned to face their guests where they smiled for photos. Following the ceremony, Kourtney marked the milestone moment on Instagram by sharing snaps of her and Travis’s big day. Captioning the post, she wrote: ‘happily ever after’ (sic) Kourtney’s pictures were immediately flooded by her celebrity pals sending messages of congratulations. Australian model Miranda Kerr wrote: ‘So happy for you.’ Jonathan Cheban, also known as Food God, commented: ‘Absolutely breathtaking!’ Model Lily Aldridge added: ‘Congratulations ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️’ Kourtney’s children, Mason, 12, Penelope, nine, and seven-year-old Reign – who she shares with former partner Scott Disick – were in attendance for the ceremony. Her mother Kris Jenner walked her down the aisle, while siblings Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, and Kendall Jenner also attended. On Travis’ side were his son Landon, 18, daughter Alabama, 16, stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya, 23, and friends including Machine Gun Kelly and his Blink-182 bandmate Mark Hoppus. Kourtney’s ex Scott, however, was not a guest at the nuptials and instead jetted off on holiday at the same time as the event. Travis and Kourtney previously exchanged vows in a ‘practice’ ceremony in March before making their union official in a Santa Barbara courthouse last weekend. This is the third marriage for 46-year-old Travis, who was briefly married to first wife Melissa Kennedy between 2001 and 2002, before he went on to tie the knot with the mother of his children, Shanna Moakler. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 