Panelling is one of the hottest interiors trends right now, but it can be expensive to install. So, when Jordan Collins, a beauty therapist and mum of two from Cheltenham, wanted to transform her daughter’s bedroom for her birthday, she knew she would have to get creative. After being quoted £150 for panelling by a professional, not including paint, she decided to see if she could do it herself for cheaper. By buying pre-cut packs of panelling from Homebase and painting the room herself, Jordan managed to pull off the transformation for just £51. ‘The room transformation was for Amaya’s 10th birthday,’ Jordan told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK. ‘Amaya had gathered ideas from Pinterest. I had looked around and found panels in packs of six from Homebase for £11.95. I used three packs for her bedroom across two walls. ‘To create the panelling I measured each wall and cut the panels to fit along the skirting boards and the top part of the design. I then placed the panels along the edge of walls vertically and measured the space between each and worked out how many panels I would need along with spaces between.’ Jordan worked it out by taking away the number of panels by their dimensions to give her the right measurements between spaces. ‘I used No More Nails glue to attach them to the walls and used a spirit level to check they were straight,’ she adds. ‘Once dry, I painted them Natural Sage by Johnstones. I had painted the other walls brilliant white before starting my panelling project. ‘I enquired at B&Q for a large sheet of MDF cut down to size but they charge 50p per cut after the first five cuts so I saved money by buying the pre-cut packs of six at Homebase. ‘If you are attempting this project yourself, my tips would be to measure twice and cut once! A valuable tip my father gave to me.’ The soft furnishings Jordan bought for the room were from B&M, Homebase, SHEIN and Ikea. ‘The transformation cost me £51 including the paint and no more nails glue,’ she says. ‘I was quoted £150 just for the panelling by a professional that didn’t include the paint. I’m very happy I saved money by doing it myself, as being a single parent, a £100 saving is a lot! ‘Now the room is complete I feel proud and very very happy to see my daughter so happy. It was a wonderful birthday present.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Pub landlord lives off £1 a day to show people are ‘not living, but surviving’ MORE : Neuroscientist reveals how to boost your brain health – from what to eat to how to exercise MORE : Woman transforms living room with stunning DIY gallery wall for just £70