An incredible Britain’s Got Talent performance from a choir made up of frontline workers left judges – and audiences – in tears. Saturday’s episode of ITV’s variety show saw The Frontline Singers, a choir made up of some of the most vital frontline workers – including paramedics, doctors and nurses – take to the stage to perform original song, Strange Old World. The song in question told of the darkness of the Covid-19 pandemic, while promising there were better times ahead for everyone. A total of 21 frontliners, many dressed in medical uniforms, belted out the inspiring track as audience members could be seen becoming moved in the crowd. And, following the performance, more than a few of the choir members became teary themselves, with one paramedic shedding several tears on stage, and Ant and Dec getting emotional on the sidelines. To nobody’s surprise, judges Alesha Dixon, Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and David Walliams were blown away by the audition, and gave the choir a standing ovation, as did the entire audience packed into the Royal Albert Hall. Alesha teared up as she addressed the Frontline singers, saying in a shaking voice she found it ‘really moving’. ‘I really did,’ she said. ‘I hung onto every word that you sang, it was so poignant, so lovely.’ She thanked the frontliners for their work during the pandemic and added: ‘We are in debt to you for your services… thank you so much.’ David agreed, saying their performance was ‘the perfect marriage between the incredible things you’ve done for us all and this wonderful song. ‘It was just an amazing moment.’ Amanda described the moment as ‘tremendous’, and said it was ‘wonderful that we can be a part of it,’ as the crowd cheered, two years after Covid-19 restrictions first banned large crowds. Simon, usually known to be sarcastic and as unemotional as they come, agreed: ‘What we’ve gone through the last two years, it’s surreal, and then out of it comes moments like this. ‘It gives us a chance to say thank you to all of you because it’s people like yourselves who protect all of us. We have good times ahead I think.’ It wasn’t just the judges and the crowd who became emotional during the poignant performance, with BGT viewers in floods of tears as they watched from home. ‘Bawling my eyes out, two years of emotions from nursing in the pandemic have hit me,’ one fan wrote. Another said there was ‘not a dry eye in this house,’ adding: ‘Thank you to every front line worker out there.’ One NHS worker said: ‘Everyone in the NHS bawling their eyes out to #BGT,’ while another added: ‘I’m not crying you are.’ The Frontline Singers had aimed to bring ‘hope, unity and something positive’ to the world after such dark times, and it appears they succeeded. Elsewhere on the show, a strongman famed for smashing blocks of ice with his head suffered a bloody injury on stage, while a magician wowed the judges enough to claim the Golden Buzzer. Meanwhile, one incredibly talented little girl wowed audiences at home with her voice and has already been compared to the late, great Amy Winehouse. Britain’s Got Talent continues next Saturday from 8pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Ant & Dec award Golden Buzzer to ‘superstar’ magician Keiichi Iwasaki: ‘Your magic was absolutely excellent, faultless’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: World Record holder ‘The Iceman’ suffers bloody injury after smashing through ice – after appearances on other Got Talent shows 