Tom Cruise sure knows how to make a comeback with Top Gun: Maverick absolutely storming the box office this weekend. The Mission: Impossible star returned to screens this month after more than three years with the long-awaited sequel to his 1986 classic Top Gun. It may be 36 years later but the aviation blockbuster still has just as much appeal – if not more – than the original, as it’s expected to gross $124million (£98m) over the three-day opening. However, it’s Memorial Day weekend in the US which means there’s an extra day for those who have a bit more time on their hands away from work to flock to cinemas to catch Cruise in action, and therefore projected box office takings over the four days are a staggering $151m (£120m). Perhaps even more impressive, Top Gun: Maverick is set to become the biggest opening weekend of Cruise’s career to date. This may come as a surprise considering he has blockbuster franchises such as Mission: Impossible under his belt. It’s also the first time the 58-year-old action hero has had a film debut to $100m (£79m) or more, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Considering Top Gun: Maverick isn’t showing in Russia or China, which typically boast large markets, the sequel has opened to a healthy $124m (£98m) around the world, bringing its global total to $248m (£197m). More than three decades after the OG movie, Top Gun: Maverick sees Cruise return as Pete ‘Maverick’ Mitchell, the Navy’s rebellious pilot who is tasked with training up a new batch of graduates for a special mission. It boasts a stellar cast including newbies Miles Teller, Glen Powell, Jay Ellis and Monica Barabo, while Val Kilmer reprises his role as Admiral Tom ‘Iceman’ Kazansky. Tom recently addressed the prospect of a sequel and told Metro.co.uk – albeit very coyly – at the London premiere: ‘I think tonight I’m just going to enjoy this evening, right here. It’s been 36 years since the last one and we’ve all worked so hard. It’s such a wonderful evening. ‘To finally have it open and see people, how much they’re enjoying it, and I don’t know… everything that everyone’s been through, to be able to look out and see everyone’s dressed to the nines… it’s a beautiful evening.’ Meanwhile, the sequel continues to leave cinema-goers emotional as they watch the new film for the first time, but Maverick star Glen is here for all the man tears. Top Gun: Maverick is in cinemas now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Paul Hollywood ‘cried’ after Great British Bake Off’s ‘horrendous’ move to Channel 4: ‘It hurt me’ MORE : Spice Girls stars Victoria Beckham and Geri Horner lead sweet messages for ‘bestie’ Mel B on 47th birthday 