Grenfell campaigners have held an emotional Jubilee street party attended by nobody. Poignant images show a table set with 72 empty seats, for each of the victims in the 2017 fire. Special plates were also laid out alongside name cards at the event in west London today, overlooked by the remains of the tower. They read: ’72 dead. And still no arrests? How come?’ Justice 4 Grenfell put on the gathering as Brits prepare to attend street parties in celebration of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee this week. The community activism group, which campaigns for justice for the victims of the tragedy, put out bunting, paper plates, cups and Grenfell flags, with a green theme associated with the disaster. Following the tragedy on June 14, 2017, the Queen visited the area to meet locals affected by the blaze in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea. Located in foot of the tower on Grenfell Road, organisers say the table will never be sat upon ‘as a chilling reminder that the 72 dead are still without justice, despite a public inquiry’. Nabil Choucair, who lost six family members, said: ‘I miss my family so much; we enjoyed many good times together, but they were taken from us in the worst of circumstances. ‘I can almost picture them seated at the table today, joining in the celebration. ‘But they are not with us today. ‘The pain is indescribable, but they are always with us in our hearts.’ Justice 4 Grenfell group organiser Yvette Williams added: ‘Five years on, a toothless public inquiry and millions still trapped in their homes by flammable cladding – and still no justice. ‘There have been no lessons learned and little action taken. ‘As people up and down the country enjoy street parties – as they quite rightly should, we want to let the powers that be know that our community will always remember the 72 who died needlessly here that night.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Grenfell memorial garden ‘most likely’ option for tower site