The boyfriend of Gogglebox favourite Ellie Warner, Nat Eddleston, has been pictured out for the first time in a Halo neck brace since being struck by a car back in March. Nat, 31, was rushed to hospital after he was hit by a car in Leeds earlier this year, while walking home after a night out. He was placed in intensive care, with a family member revealing that he had suffered a broken neck and back in the incident, as well as two collapsed lungs. It was originally feared he may have suffered brain damage as a result of the crash, so fans of the show will be relieved to see him back out and about. In new pictures, Nat kept it casual in a brown hoodie and black jersey shorts. He can be seen holding two bags from a supermarket trip and finishing off his look with comfy trainers. While Nat was recovering, Ellie, 31, and her sister Izzi, 29, took two months off from Gogglebox filming, finally returning a couple of weeks ago. They announced their comeback in a cheery Instagram post, while pictured sitting on their signature sofa. Ellie wrote: ‘Looking forward to getting back on your screens tonight! ‘Thank you for all the well wishes, we are really grateful that things are getting back to normal.’ During her comeback to the Friday night favourite, she discussed her plans to marry Nat, joking they’d have a ‘shotgun wedding.’ She said to her sister Izzy: ‘I said to Nat this morning, “when we get married what type of wedding do you want?” And he went: “A shotgun wedding!” Ellie went on: ‘So I said “oooo does that mean you want me to be pregnant before we get married?” and he said “no”. I actually want to know what he thought a shotgun wedding was.’ She was then seen calling him up to get his thoughts, where he explained how he thought the term meant he would be ‘forced to get married.’ To celebrate her birthday last month, she revealed a cause close to her heart she wanted people to donate to, following Nat’s accident. She said: ‘For my birthday this year, I’m asking for donations to Headway – the brain injury association ‘I’ve chosen this charity because their mission means a lot to me, and I hope that you’ll consider contributing as a way of celebrating with me.’ Gogglebox airs on Friday at 9pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Phillip Schofield speculates Boris Johnson ‘caught Covid’ at one of his ‘rubbish parties’ after Sue Gray report MORE : Olly Alexander frustrated by ‘backlash’ after walkouts at his show but loves being an ‘in your face kind of gay’ 