Having a good, clean, structured morning routine is incredibly aspirational. We’ve all seen the ‘that girl’ aesthetic on TikTok, and a big part of this healthy wellness lifestyle is having the perfect morning – lemon water, yoga, meditation, and of course, making the bed. For years, life coaches and influencers have spoken about the transformational benefits of making your bed every morning. How it can make you feel productive, settled, organised, ready for anything. However, the mattress experts at And So To Bed disagree. They say they healthiest thing could actually be to not make your bed. It all comes down to hygiene. According to The Sleep Council, the average adult loses 285ml of fluid each night. What this means is that when you make your bed each morning, you are trapping in all of that moisture to fester during the day – ready to be slept on again in the evening. Gross. It is in fact recommended that after a good night’s sleep, particularly when the temperature is higher during summer, that you pull back the bed linen to give the mattress the chance to breathe and for moisture to evaporate. This is because moisture can get trapped between the mattress and the linen causing discolouration and potentially odours. Doing this will also ensure your mattress lasts longer, so it’s a win-win. The best thing about this is that you have the best clapback for anyone who has a go at you for leaving your bed messy in the morning. Whether you need to flip your mattress or not is dependent on the type of mattress you have. According to the experts, double-sided mattresses can be flipped and should come with the instruction to turn over regularly. For the first three months of having your mattress, it is recommended that you turn it over once a week. After that, turn it over just once a month. This will ensure that the filling is evenly placed and stop dips from forming. Single sided mattresses (such as those with memory foam on top) can’t be flipped but should still be rotated 180 degrees. Like with the double-sided mattress, experts suggest that for the first three months you rotate your mattress from head to toe once a week. After that, rotate it just once a month. For natural fibre mattresses, experts recommended that you turn your mattress over twice a week for the first three months and once a season after that. This is to encourage natural and even settlement of the mattress fillings and subsequently to extend its life. Cleaning a mattress is no easy task, and in severe cases best left to a professional. However there are some smaller mattress cleaning tips that will help prolong the life of your mattress: Don’t use a vacuumIt seems tempting to vacuum dust and fluff from your mattress but the powerful suction of a vacuum cleaner can cause the filling to become dislodged which can lead to bumps and dips. Instead use a soft brush to remove the debris onto the floor, which can then be vacuumed. Blot don’t scrubStains should be immediately tackled by blotting with a clean cloth. If your mattress is filled with natural fibres this should be a dry cloth, ‘wet cleaning’ could damage the upholstery. Other mattresses may be able to withstand warm soapy water on a rung out clean cloth, but always check the manufacturer’s advice before cleaning. Hacks such as bicarbonate of soda and various harsh chemicals are not recommended. Regularly wash your bedding and mattress protectorWash your bed linen every one to two weeks and your mattress protector once a month. Regularly cleaning these will stop any dirt seeping through the mattress, keeping it cleaner for longer. In the summer, you may have to clean your linen and protector more regularly due to sweat. Protect to prevent, rather than cleanMattress protectors are like taking out travel insurance on holiday, you hope it isn’t needed but will be glad you have it if the worst happens. Mattresses are not easy to clean which is why taking preventative measures through investing in a mattress protector is the best course of action to protect it. These are washable so should a spill happen the protector can be removed and easily washed in the washing machine, leaving your mattress unscathed. But, the experts say you should never put plastic between the mattress and the linen as this could encourage condensation and could damage the mattress. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 13 practical steps you can take right now to improve your sleep MORE : Elderly care home residents cheered up with adorable ‘donkey therapy’ MORE : Can CBD really help you sleep better?