Rebekah Vardy was questioned on an interview she once gave about her alleged sexual encounter with Peter Andre during the so-called Wagatha Christie trial earlier today. In October 2019, Coleen Rooney accused fellow WAG Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the media, after she said she carried out a months-long ‘sting operation’. As the trial got underway at the Royal Courts of Justice on Tuesday, Vardy repeatedly denied leaking information to newspapers in the first few minutes of her cross-examination by Rooney’s barrister. Barrister David Sherborne then asked Vardy questions about an interview she gave to the News Of The World, in which she reportedly detailed an alleged sexual encounter with singer Pete. Mr Sherborne showed what appeared to an A3 print out of the article to Vardy in the witness box before reading the headline: ‘Peter’s hung like a small chipolata, shaved, slobbery, lasts five minutes.’ The barrister went on to read excerpts from the article, in which it was claimed Andre had managed ‘just five minutes of sex with Rebekah’ and in which Vardy said he had ‘the smallest trouser equipment I’ve ever seen’ that was like a ‘miniature chipolata’. Mr Sherborne suggested to Vardy that the News Of The World was the ‘highest circulating newspaper at the time’, read by some four million people. Vardy was asked if it was ‘respectful’ to the Mysterious Girl singer that the information of their alleged encounter was shared with a newspaper, to which she responded: ‘I was forced into a situation by my ex-husband to do this. ‘It is something that I deeply regret… It is not nice to read and I understand why this is being used and to me this is mudslinging and I was also threatened with mudslinging by Mrs Rooney’s team.’ She added: ‘The circumstances around it were completely different.’ Vardy later said she did not ask Andre for his permission or tell him it was going to happen in advance. Mr Sherborne asked: ‘Did you feel particularly strongly about the size of his manhood that it should be made public?’ She replied: ‘It was something that I was forced to say.’ In 2020, Vardy apologised for comparing Peter’s penis to a ‘miniature chipolata’. A court document filed at the time stated: ‘It is admitted that the Claimant gave a “kiss and tell” interview to The News of the World in 2004 when the Claimant was 22. ‘The Claimant regrets having given this interview and has apologised to Mr Andre. ‘The Claimant was in a difficult relationship with her ex-husband and felt pressurised by her ex-husband to give this story to the newspaper.’ The Wagatha Christie trial has been three years in the making, after Rooney revealed the results of a sting to discover who had been leaking stories about her to the press. The wife of former England star Wayne Rooney was dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie’ when she publicly claimed Vardy shared three fake stories she’d planted on her personal Instagram account, that only Vardy’s account was able to see, with The Sun newspaper. Vardy, who is married to Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy, denies the accusations and is suing Rooney for libel. Under English defamation law, the burden of proof now will be on Rooney to prove that her post was ‘substantially true’. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebekah Vardy ‘knew Coleen Rooney was posting fake stories’ to see if they were leaked, High Court hears in Wagatha Christie trial MORE : Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy arrive at court as ‘£3,000,000’ Wagatha Christie legal showdown begins 