The Gilded Age is the theme for this year’s Met Gala. We can expect lots of period references in the fashion, but what about the makeup? The period ran from 1870 to 1900 and while Bridgerton vibes have been linked to the era, that show is actually set in a slightly different time. Makeup back then wasn’t quite so accessible or encouraged – in fact, some sources say it was frowned upon for women, with companies like Selfridges (which opened in 1909) contributing to that change in culture some years later. However, that doesn’t mean makeup was off the table. Those who did wear it would go for stained rouge and pinks on the cheeks and lips, skin was clear and subtle with powder being used, and eye makeup was rarer though sometimes could be used to create a gentle brown hue. There’s going to be some creative license in how the Hollywood elite interpret the trend, but there are ways to embody the feeling of beauty at the time, which was: subtle, youthful, blushing, and modest. If that style of look sounds like your bag, these are the products that can help get you there. You won’t find a speck of glitter here. Get it for £30 from Charlotte Tilbury. Dab this pot of rouge onto lips and cheeks for a subtle flush that will make you feel like you’ve walked out of a period drama. Get it for £23 from Jones Road. Go for the dark brown shade in this line and smudge it into your eyeline, then blend outwards for diffused colour and depth. Get it for £55 from Harrods. Get rosy pinched cheeks with this duo that’s cased in a beautiful compact – which feels suitable fancy. Get it for £16.80 from Boots. Brows were full at this time according to sources, so beef yours up by drawing on thin strokes. Get it for £16 from Benefit. This beauty icon is perfect for creating a gentle flush of colour in the form of a stain. Apply to cheeks and lips with bare skin for a youthful look. Get it for £18 from Glossier. Don’t be scared of matte finishes – powder was the way to go back then. Powder lightly along your T-zone or any points that get oily over the day. Get it for £25.60 from Mac Cosmetics. This makeup artist favourite is lightweight and lets your skin show through, making it perfect for subtle makeup looks. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your guide to niacinamide, beauty’s underrated but important ingredient MORE : Makeup artist Terry Barber explains how to apply perfect foundation in five minutes MORE : How I Made It: ‘I’ve grafted my way to the top of the makeup artistry industry’