Amanda Holden has taken part in the viral Sprite challenge – and it’s safe to say she failed it pretty spectacularly. The TikTok challenge which has been doing the rounds in recent weeks sees users attempt to drink a whole can or bottle of Sprite without burping – and it’s proving pretty impossible to do. Amanda, 51, uploaded the video of her first attempt, writing: ‘My first attempt at the @sprite challenge was interesting …’ The mum-of-two was seen cracking open a can of the fizzy drink before gingerly taking a sip and accidentally dribbling some of it down her blue dress. Amanda bravely continued on with the drink, taking smaller gulps and proclaiming ‘it’s going well’, before finally guzzling the rest of the can. While she may have lasted an impressive amount of time, Amanda ended up failing the challenge as she let out an ungodly belch as the gases from the fizzy drink built up inside her stomach. The Britain’s Got Talent judge looked shocked as she ended up spitting out some of the drink as she burped. We never knew Amanda had this kind of noise in her… It comes after it was revealed that Amanda has put her £5million mansion on the market after living there since 2015. She and husband Chris Hughes had previously described the lavish property in Surrey as their ‘forever home’ after convincing the former owners to sell it to them. The home benefits from five bedrooms and an enormous open-plan living room, as well as a hot tub which regularly features on Amanda’s social media. She also recently had a luxurious garden cabin built with comfortable sofas and a log burner, as well as a large wooden decking area for entertaining. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amanda Holden puts £5,000,000 five-bedroom mansion up for sale complete with hot tub and enormous living room MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: Amanda Holden horrified after blind-folded fire juggling act leaves crew member engulfed in flames 