Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has tested positive for Covid-19. Ms Sturgeon tweeted she had been experiencing mild symptoms this evening, after meeting with Sinn Fein’s Michelle O’Neill in Edinburgh earlier today. She will work from home over the next few days and told followers she would ‘hopefully’ be back out and about later next week. Her tweet said: ‘Unfortunately I’ve tested positive for Covid this evening after experiencing mild symptoms. ‘In line with @scotgov guidance, I’ll work from home over next few days, and hopefully be back out and about later next week.’ It comes on the same day Ms Sturgeon met with Sinn Fein’s vice president Michelle O’Neill in Edinburgh. Both politicians represent parties seeking to break away from the UK, with Ms Sturgeon pushing for independence and Ms O’Neill seeking a united Ireland. They both seek to hold a referendum in the coming years, arguing that the Brexit vote has changed the situation for their countries which wanted to remain in the EU. Ms Sturgeon shared a photograph of the two meeting without wearing masks at Bute House, saying they ‘discussed shared areas of interest including the cost of living crisis, the importance of the Northern Ireland Protocol and prospects for a new Northern Ireland Executive’. Ms O’Neill, whose party finished in the lead in the recent Northern Irish election, also tweeted about the meeting, saying: ‘Delighted to meet Scotland’s First Minister Nicola Sturgeon in beautiful Edinburgh. ‘The historic bonds between Scotland & the island of Ireland go back centuries. We enjoy a long & enduring affinity as neighbours & friends. Moving forward we will strengthen the bonds that tie us.’ Sinn Fein confirmed that Ms O’Neill had tested negative following the meeting. A spokesperson for the party said: ‘Michelle O’Neill has tested negative for Covid-19 this evening following her meeting with Nicola Sturgeon today, but will also be testing tomorrow as a precaution. ‘She will also be limiting her contacts in the coming days. We wish Nicola Sturgeon a speedy recovery.” Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.