Congratulations are in order for Ed Sheeran, who has welcomed a second child with wife Cherry Seaborn. The singer took to his Instagram account to share a photo of a pair of baby booties on a knitted blanket as he told his fans: ‘Want to let you all know we’ve had another beautiful baby girl. ‘We are both so in love with her, and over the moon to be a family of 4 x.’ The couple are yet to share the name of their second baby girl, but if her older sister is anything to go by, it’ll be a unique and beautiful moniker. Ed, 31,  and Cherry, 30, already share one-year-old daughter Lyra Antarctica Seaborn Sheeran, who was born in August 2020 and is now officially a big sister. The couple, who were childhood friends, got together in 2015 and tied the knot in 2019, welcoming their first child a year later. Ed had similarly revealed the news of Lyra’s birth on social media, with booties lying on a blanket as the photo, writing: ‘‘Ello! A quick message from me as I have some personal news that I wanted to share with you… ‘Last week, with the help of an amazing delivery team, Cherry gave birth to our beautiful and healthy daughter – Lyra Antarctica Seaborn Sheeran. ‘We are completely in love with her.’ ‘Both mum and baby are doing amazing and we are on cloud nine over here. We hope that you can respect our privacy at this time. Lots of love and I’ll see you when it’s time to come back, Ed x.’ Ed recently opened up about the difficulty he and Cherry had getting pregnant with their first child, telling The Breakfast Club radio show that they ended up conceiving on a trip to Antarctica. He explained: ‘We had tried for a while to have a kid, and we’d started going to doctors and figuring out what was up. ‘I did think it was a miracle, so that’s why I was like, we should have this in the name. ‘A lot of it is mental. It’s about relaxing. So many of my friends have been trying different things like IVF or making sure you’re having sex at the right time on the right day, and then they go to a wedding and get p**sed and relax and they get pregnant.’ He added: ‘It’s not a given. It is a real blessing when it happens.’ Ed had recently also marked Cherry’s 30th birthday with a rare cuddly photo of the two of them lying in a hammock together. Teasing the news without anyone realising, he captioned the snap: ‘HBD to ma baby mama. 30 looks good on you.’ Congratulations! Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jamal Edwards to receive posthumous award for contribution to music industry as Ed Sheeran pays tribute MORE : Tom Parker reveals Ed Sheeran helped pay for his cancer treatment in autobiography after his death: ‘His support meant the world’ 