A McDonald’s fan loves Big Macs so much he uses a calendar to document his massive burger consumption. Don Gorske, 68, marked the 50th anniversary of his first ever Big Mac by heading to his local branch in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin. He said although he’s eaten more than 32,000 of them since 1972, every time he bites into one it feels like the first time. ‘They’re that good to me – there’s really nothing else I’d rather eat,’ Don told WBAY. The retired prison guard said his love affair with the burgers – which has seen him given the Guinness World Records title for the most Big Macs eaten in a lifetime – started when he got his first car. ‘I drove straight to McDonald’s, got my first three Big Macs, then got in the car and ate them,’ he told Guinness World Records. ‘In that moment I said, “I’m going to probably eat these for the rest of my life.”‘ Don, who is married to wife Mary, set his Guinness World Record in 1999 after eating 15,490 Big Macs – and continues to break his own record year after year. He celebrated eating his 30,000th Big Mac in 2018 and warned anyone off attempting to challenge his title. ‘The advice I’d give someone who would like to challenge my record title is “don’t”,’ Don added. ‘I’ll be dead before you could even challenge it.’ He has only gone eight days without his beloved meal in the last 50 years – once in 1982 when his local McDonald’s was shut during a snowstorm, and on the day his mum died as a mark of respect. Don’s favourite branch is his local McDonald’s, but claims he has eaten Big Macs in all 50 states of the US and Canada. He has even been brought burgers from other countries by friends and family, which he ate despite the lack of refrigeration and freshness. He has two display cabinets displaying his achievements – one holds 50 different types of Big Mac container, and the other holds his first ever calendar of burgers. Don featured as a ‘Big Mac expert’ in the documentary Super Size Me in 2004, which followed Morgan Spurlock’s attempt to eat only McDonald’s food for an entire month. Morgan’s health rapidly declined during the experiment, but this didn’t put Don off the Big Mac. They contain around 550 calories and Don has previously claimed his cholesterol and blood pressure are both normal. ‘I’m blessed with a high metabolism and good health which allow me to eat Big Macs without gaining a lot of weight,’ he added. ‘I might be the only person alive who could eat Big Macs every day without ill effects for 50 years.’ He said he plans on eating Big Macs until the day he dies. ‘If I go for 40,000, that’ll take me another 14 years or whatever like that,’ he said in 2018. ‘I don’t think people celebrate 35,000 at all, so we’re probably looking at 14 more years down the road, and I’ll be 78 years old then! ‘So we’ll have to see how I’m doing then, you know?’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.