‘Superstar’ magician Keiichi Iwasaki was awarded Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly’s Golden Buzzer tonight, boosting him straight through to the live semi-finals. The Japanese magician wowed judges and the audiences with his range of illusions, including levitating a spinning ring from the air onto Alesha Dixon’s finger. Elsewhere in his performance, Keiichi involved Ant and Dec in a card trick, and made a card float and spin in the air as he danced around it. He even appeared to make a note fold over in his hand without touching it. Alesha, Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden and David Walliams were entranced by the performance, as the magician received a standing ovation from all four judges, with Simon stating how much his son Eric would ‘love’ watching the act. ‘He is brilliant,’ Ant added, with Dec chiming in: ‘I loved it!’ ‘I loved it! You are funny, you’re quirky, you’re very, very charming and your magic was absolutely excellent. I mean, faultless,’ Amanda praised. ‘You’re the funniest person we’ve seen, and the most magical person we’ve seen, all combined in one,’ David added. Simon said: ‘You are an absolute natural. People are going to like you so much. My son is going to love you, I mean, love you! You are one of the best we’ve seen so far.’ After Alesha highlighted how much the cheering audience loved the performer, and called him a ‘superstar’, Ant and Dec ran to the judges’ panel to press their Golden Buzzer, pushing Keiichi straight through to the live semi-finals. Backstage, Keiichi excitedly joined Ant and Dec as they celebrated the victory, with Ant repeating: ‘You did it!’ Keiichi joins Amanda’s Golden Buzzer act The Greatest Showman singer Loren Allred, Simon’s comedian Axel Blake, and David’s act Born to Perform. Now, only Alesha’s Golden Buzzer act remains to be seen. Britain’s Got Talent continues next Saturday at 8pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent’s David Walliams hasn’t been invited to Simon Cowell’s wedding yet: ‘I want to be there’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent fans convinced fellow ITV star behind terrifying Witch act to torment Amanda Holden 