Millie Bobby Brown stunned on the red carpet of the Stranger Things season 4 premiere in New York where she debuted her new locks, as she posed beside her co-stars and boyfriend Jake Bongiovi. The 18-year-old looked stunning in a white satin gown with a black mesh shoulder and high-leg split next to her 20-year-old boyfriend, the son of Jon Bon Jovi. Millie was joined by her Stranger Things co-stars including Winona Ryder, Finn Wolfhard, Noah Schnapp and Natalia Dyer, all looking equally as glam. Maya Hawke and Natalia donned black gowns, while Winona opted for a three-piece suit as she posed with her boyfriend Scott Mackinlay Hahn. Following in Winona’s footsteps, Sadie Sink, 20, chose an elegant white suit, while posing with co-star Gaten Matarazzo, 19, who wore a multi-patterned pink suit. The three other members of the Stranger Things Hawkins gang, Finn, who plays Mike Wheeler, Noah, who plays Will Byers, and Caleb McLaughlin, who stars as Lucas Sinclair, also looked chic in suits, with Caleb sporting a dalmatian print with snakeskin boots. David Harbour, who plays Jim Hopper, attended with wife Lily Allen, and posed with Millie on the red carpet in a sweet pic of the two hugging. David wowed in a unique Stranger Things suit, with imagery of the Netflix series embroidered onto his piece. The premiere comes ahead of Stranger Things season four dropping on Netflix in a few weeks. The thrilling sci-fi series will follow a new ‘war’ for Eleven and the rest of the Hawkins gang, and, nearly three years since the last season, this time around it looks to be just as scary as we’d expect, with a new gruesome villain known as Vecna. Millie previously admitted that this season was ‘the hardest to film’. ‘This has definitely been the hardest season I’ve ever filmed,’ she told Collider. ‘And there have been some of the scariest things that I’ve ever seen as a human, which you guys will get to see for sure. ‘I’ll get to tell more stories and touch on my experiences as a person filming on the set with these legitimate scary things.’ Millie and Jake went Instagram official in November 2021, and since then the pair have been dipping in and out of social media sharing their romance with their millions of fans. Stranger Things season 4 part 1 will be available to stream on Netflix from May 27. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things: Millie Bobby Brown  ‘raided’ co-star Noah Schnapp in savage water balloon prank MORE : Stranger Things star Sadie Sink says scale of season 4 is ‘out of this world’ 