Sam Ryder is preparing for take-off – literally – after being hailed a ‘hero’ for his out-of-this-world performance at Eurovision. In an exclusive interview with Guilty Pleasures, Sam, whose planet-sized anthem Space Man nabbed the UK’s best result in two decades, revealed he is keen to blast into the great unknown. ‘A hundred per cent. Yes. Absolutely,’ he beamed. ‘I was hanging out with real astronaut in the Netherlands called Andre. He’s basically the equivalent of our Brian Cox, if Brian was also an astronaut.’ ‘He was talking me through all of his experiences with going up into space. Since I was a kid, I wanted to be an astronaut, which was the inspiration for the song.’ Remember Sam… in space, no one can hear you sing. Closer to home, the TikTok sensation, from Maldon in Essex, would love to clock up a collaboration with Sia, an early supporter of his singing videos. ‘I have a good feeling it could happen… She played a big part in the beginning of all of this, because she was one of the first people to share my videos, just rooting for me and being generous with her kindness.’ Hitting all the right notes at the music extravaganza in Turin, Italy on Saturday, Sam, 32, scored 466 points, rocketing to second place behind Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra, of Ukraine, who scored 631. Third place went to Spain’s Chanel. It was a far cry from the UK’s usual dismal showing at the contest – last year James Newman finished bottom – and viewers heaped praise on the former construction worker. One posted: ‘Huge congratulations to all countries and especially our own Sam Ryder, who has made us super proud and will return as a national hero.’ Another gushed he deserved a ‘knighthood’, adding ‘everything we can throw at that man we should even if he’s unqualified for it.’ Catching up with the BBC’s Scott Mills and presenter Rylan Clark behind the scenes, Sam was over the moon about bucking the trend. ‘Just destroyed the stigma,’ he exclaimed. ‘Thanks everyone for supporting. That was an incredible, incredible, rewarding journey.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2022: Switzerland’s Marius Bear thanks Sam Ryder for comforting him after nil points: ‘He picked me up at my lowest’ MORE : Russians write sick Eurovision message on bombs destined for Ukraine 