We’ve said it before and we’ll say it again. The cost of living crisis is not something that can be solved with money-saving hacks and 1p challenges. We need action from the top. But while we wait for the Government to sort this out, it helps to scrimp and save where we can. And if we can do that without any drastic measures, that’s a great thing. To help us out, the experts at NetVoucherCodes have shared their top 21 tips and tricks for saving some extra cash. John Stirzaker from NetVoucherCodes.co.uk said: ‘The cost-of-living crisis is hitting most of us hard. ‘It’s unrealistic to think we’re going to save hundreds of pounds over the coming months, but a few simple changes will see you save a few pounds here and there. That cash soon starts to add up. ‘These are simple solutions on how to save those extra pennies, such as freezing food before it goes out of date, creating a monthly budget and batch cooking. ‘Even little stuff such as turning off all the plug sockets when you leave the house can make a massive difference.’ Ready to make some small changes? Let’s get into it. Do some searching online to find the cheapest local fuel prices, rather than just going to your usual petrol station out of habit. Now is not the time to be spending with wild abandon – we need to get strategic. Create a budgeting spreadsheet that outlines exactly how much you can spend in different areas – then stick to it. Have a labeled cash envelope for certain purchases and don’t go over it. For example, snack allowances could contain a tenner, which has to last all week. There’s something about having physical cash that really hammers home what you’re actually spending. Out of sight, out of mind. Lock any cash you get away in a locked box at home, then vow to only open it in an emergency. Give yourself a challenge to not spend a penny for two days. That means no takeaways, no impulse spending, and only activities you can do for free. Having a ‘daily spending’ account and a separate saving account can be a massive help in feeling more on top of your money. This way you can send an allocated amount of money to your spending account,  depending on how much you plan to spend on that day/week. ‘Prepare cost-effective meals for the week by freezing your food to save the weekly food shopping allowance,’ say the experts. ‘To further save, take these meals to work for lunch instead of buying a meal deal.’ Is your wardrobe bulging at the seams? Time for a clearout. Use a resale app like Vinted, Ebay, or Depop to get some cash for stuff you know you don’t really need or want. The experts suggest: ‘It’s easy to do late night buying out of boredom, so to stop this, allocate time where you can and can’t spend. ‘Make a simple rule such as no spending past 6pm when at home.’ Divide your income into three simple categories: 50% on needs, 30% on wants and 20% on savings. This’ll take a couple of trips, but it’s worth doing. Supermarkets typically put out their yellow label reduced price items at a certain time each day. Once you’ve figured that out, you can time your shopping trips accordingly to pick up a bargain. You know full well that your takeaway habit is needlessly costing you loads of cash. Scratch that itch by making your own special treat meals – fakeaways, if you will – that are just as tasty but half the price of ordering in. Planning out your meals for the week ahead is a great habit to get into. Not only does it avoid the faff of deciding what you fancy eating, but you’re likely to cut down on food waste, as well as saving money. ‘Getting rid of that old chair by selling on a popular selling site or taking it to a cat boot can help you make a decent profit,’ say the experts. Whatever food item you usually buy, go one ‘level’ down. So if you’re getting a big brand tin of beans, try the supermarket version. If you get the supermarket version, try their ‘basic’ range. If you hate the taste, you can always shift back up, but if you like it, hooray – you’re saving money without being bothered. Most shops and supermarkets have point systems to get you rewards and discounts for buying bits. Make use of these. If you don’t use a streaming service or magazine subscription as much as you used to, simply cut it out and make the one-off purchase instead. ‘Present buying is one of the biggest worries, but sometimes materialistic gifts don’t have the most thought put into them,’ say the experts. ‘A DIY gift can mean so much more to both receiver and maker.’ Don’t worry if you’re not the craftiest person around. It’s the thought that counts, and everyone is aware that times are tough. The experts note: ‘Not all offers are as good as they seem, sit back and calculate whether the two for £1.50 offer may be a simple marketing ploy rather than a viable way to save spending.’ ‘A classic hack, but one which benefits the most,’ say the experts. ‘It’s not just about turning off your lights, it’s also turning off your TV, gaming console, toaster at the socket when you’re not using them. Before every purchase, take a minute to think about it. Ask yourself: ‘Do I really need this?’. It can help to physically walk away, have a ponder, and then come back if you decide to go for the spend. If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum ‘drowning in debt’ pays it off with money-saving hacks MORE : Simple fuel-saving hacks to save money MORE : Money Mum Gemma Bird shares her 10 top tips on coping with the cost of living crisis