A family claim they have been forced to perch on garden furniture for weeks after DFS ‘lost’ their sofa and sent a ‘smelly’ loan couch in its place. When Jessica Glanfield ordered the £3,000 sofa from DFS in December she was told the furniture would arrive in March. A few days before the new sofa was due to be delivered Jessica sold her old couch and looked forward to the new furniture arriving – but it never turned up. After an alleged second failed delivery, the 37-year-old and her family dragged their garden furniture into their front room and contacted DFS to find out what had happened. But it was only after she marched into the Bristol branch of the store, having sat on garden furniture for a month, that she was told part of her order had been lost in transit. DFS offered to provide Jessica with a ‘loan sofa’ to cover the extra 10 weeks she would have to wait while the missing sofa was reordered. But the dog trainer from Stroud, Gloucestershire says when the loan furniture arrived it was ‘disgusting’. Jessica said she had lost income staying at home waiting for a sofa which never turned up. ‘I earn about £300-400 a day and had to give that income up but that’s fine, it’s what you’d expect, but then it never turned up,’ she said. ‘We rang and they promised us another delivery date about a week later. I rang before then and they assured me it was coming. ‘I took another day off work and the same thing happened, it didn’t turn up again. So we’ve now lost a minimum of £600 in income waiting for a sofa that never came.’ The family said they have given up using their front room because they had nowhere comfortable to sit. ‘My other half has been recovering from a major operation and the surgeon said he needed to sit in a certain position and he just couldn’t sit comfortably,’ Jessica added. ‘We couldn’t really sit in the living room or use the front room at all, we just went straight up to bed. We told DFS about this and they didn’t care.’ ‘They’ve sent us this loan sofa which we were really pleased to have but it turned up and it’s this disgusting, dirty, sofa that stinks that they obviously pass around people. ‘I don’t know what’s worse out of the garden furniture and this shoddy loan sofa. ‘It just couldn’t be more insulting really.’ The mum says she has sent countless messages to DFS and spent ‘hours’ on the phone to customer services in an attempt to find out what has happened to her order. ‘Nobody ever bothered to tell us they’d lost the sofa – they’ve lost the back of the sofa so goodness knows how they’ve managed to lose part of the sofa and not the other part. ‘It feels like a story that’s never going to end. I’ve never felt so frustrated in my whole life.’ The couple said they had become so exasperated the situation they are now considering pushing for a full refund and ordering a sofa from elsewhere. A DFS spokesperson said the company was ‘committed’ to providing customers with ‘high quality products and excellent service’ but Jessica’s experience ‘fell short of the high standards’ it sets itself. ‘While the vast majority of our customers’ products are delivered on time, in rare instances, human errors can occur which cause a delay,’ they said. ‘In this instance, part of [the customers’] order was misplaced during transportation and unfortunately unable to be located.’ DFS apologised the loan sofa Jessica was sent was ‘not fit for purpose’. ‘We are very sorry for their experience and we’ve extended our sincere apologies to the customers. ‘We have agreed to provide them with a full refund and have arranged collection of the loan furniture. We hope we have resolved the issue to their satisfaction.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.