Whether you’re going to a street party, hosting friends and family or chilling overthe four-day weekend, we all want something to mark the occasion. So whether it’s a new lippy, a memorabilia mug or bunting, these are some of the products you might need to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in style. Let’s get ready to party like it’s the, erm, 1950s? Estée Lauder has released four limited-edition lipsticks to ‘give your lips the royal treatment’. The packaging of each of the special Pure Color Envy Sculpting lipsticks is bedecked with a crown and the words Queen For The Day. If only. Buy it for £28 from Estée Lauder. M&Co has got you covered when it comes to Jubilee party gear and, as we all know, no British shindig is complete without a silly, tiny paper hat. These Union Jack cone hats come with requisite elasticated chin strap, so there’s no escaping. Just add rain and your British celebration is complete. Buy for £3.75 for 10 from M&Co. It wouldn’t be right to celebrate without a hamper. Liberty’s Windsor Ribbon Jubilee Special is just the ticket, filled with heritage classics, a luxury chocolate cake selection and a commemorative Platinum Jubilee mug, not to mention the keepsake suitcase itself. The perfect accompaniment to a regal picnic. Buy for £110 from Liberty. Here’s hoping our Jubilee weekend is filled with nights in the garden burning this Jubilee scented candle, which comes in an illustrated votive. Fragranced with neroli, lime and bergamot, it’s embedded with silver glitter for extra sparkle. Buy for £9.50 from M&S. Biscuit experts Biscuiteers have teamed up with none other than Buckingham Palace on a selection of 15 lemon iced treats in the shape of corgis, carriages, crowns and Coldstream Guards. You also get a gold-embossed tin as a commemorative keepsake, which will last long after the biscuits have been devoured. Available nationwide. Buy for £58 from Biscuiteers. Free-from vegan chocolatiers Moo Free have a limited-edition chocolate bar made using the finest Hispaniola cocoa beans. The ‘Jub-moo-lee bar’ is made in the UK using a unique blend of 55% dark cocoa and ‘milk’ chocolate to create a bar fit for royalty. The recycled wrapping is embedded with wildflower and cotton seeds, meaning you’ll have memories of the celebration long after the party has finished. Buy for £3.99 from Moo Free. You can rely on Fund for a slogan tee that’s just that little bit different. The Cornish brand is releasing its first T-shirt collection for the Jubilee, taking inspiration from famous Queen Elizabeth II quotes and related phrases. A donation from the sale of each T-shirt sold funds 20 school meals for children living in the world’s poorest countries. Buy for £65 from Fund. We know Queen Elizabeth loves Fortnum & Mason. It has a royal warrant and she even opened the tearoom there in 2012. So it’s not a stretch to imagine Her Majesty tucking into one of these honorary hand-made truffles in milk, dark and ruby chocolate. Rude not to. Buy for £30 from Fortnum & Mason. As a brand proudly celebrating Britishness since its conception in 1993, it’s not surprising Cath Kidston has really put the bunting out for the Platinum Jubilee. Featuring hand-drawn prints, the collectible pieces – which are all made in the UK – are a great way to honour this historic year. Buy for £45 Cath Kidston. Forget face paint and streamers, wear the party with Tatty Devine’s classic Bunting necklace, which has returned for the occasion in a red, white and blue colourway with a silver-tone chain. Each is made from recycled acrylic, designed in London, handmade in Kent by an all-female team and features an etched flag to commemorate this once-in-a-lifetime event. Buy for £35 from Tatty Devine. Tea and her Majesty are always the perfect pairing, and when you throw in an Emma Bridgewater half-pint mug in patriotic red, white and blue emblazoned with the phrase God Save The Queen, then you know you’re in for a perfect brew. Buy for £22 from Emma Bridgewater. It might just be that you keep this Talking Tables Right Royal bunting up allsummer, it’s that pretty. Three metres long and made from organic cotton in patriotic red, white and blue with cute tassles, it’s sure to have another lease of life this winter when the World Cup rolls around. Buy for £18 from John Lewis. Queen Elizabeth is one of Charlotte Tilbury’s icons, so it’s no surprise themake-up legend has gone in for the forthcoming celebrations in a big way. Her award-winning Magic Cream Moisturiser has been released in a special edition jar, there’s a new ‘legendary lipstick library’ and a limited-edition velvet Charlotte Tilbury Platinum Jubilee Makeup Bag in Charlotte Tilbury stores and her website. Buy for £30 from Charlotte Tilbury. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From Elizabeefan burgers to royal tipples, the best Jubilee menus out now MORE : Harry Hill shows off bizarre tribute to Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee – and it’s an artistic masterpiece MORE : Try this vegan-friendly trifle recipe to enjoy on the Platinum Jubilee