We are just days away from the bumper bank holiday and if you’re looking to celebrate with a Jubilee party, you’re not alone. Whether you’re having people over for a BBQ or hosting a garden party, there are so many ways to celebrate the Queen marking 70 years on the throne. But the question is, are you stocked up on party supplies? If you’ve left it a little to the last minute, there are still a number of retailers selling Jubilee-themed treats that will arrive in time for the bank holiday. So whether you need royal-inspired food and drinks, Union Jack bunting, party games or Queen-themed paper cups, there’s something for every hosting need. Also, be sure to check out our roundup of Jubilee-inspired food if you’re looking for a little inspiration. We’ve collated some of our favourite party buys on the high street, that are still available to order just in time for the big celebration. Lots of supermarkets are still selling bits and bobs, so you can book a slot before Thursday – or simply add them to any shops you already have coming. So what are you waiting for? It’s time to get ordering. Buy it now for £2.50 from The Works Buy them now for £4.50 from Ocado Buy it now for £2 from The Works Buy it now for £7.99 from Amazon Buy them now for £5 from Sainsbury’s Buy them now for £1 from Asda Buy it now for £10 from Sainsbury’s. Buy it now for £8.50 from Waitrose . Buy it now for £27.50 from John Lewis. Buy it now for £58 from Waitrose. Buy it now for £9.59  from John Lewis. Buy it now for £7 from Tesco. Buy it now for £1.50 from Waitrose This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Everything you need to buy for the ultimate Platinum Jubilee party MORE : Where to go in London to celebrate The Queen’s Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend MORE : How to order your free Platinum Jubilee pack to celebrate Her Majesty’s 70 years