Kim Kardashian really put herself through it for the Met Gala this year. In case you haven’t heard, Kim wore the exact dress Hollywood icon Marilyn Monroe wore to sing to President John F Kennedy on his birthday in 1962. ‘The dress was transported by guards and I had to wear gloves to try it on,’ she said. ‘I always thought she was extremely curvy. I imagined I might be smaller in some places where she was bigger and bigger in places where she was smaller. ‘So when it didn’t fit me I wanted to cry because it can’t be altered at all.’ Yes, due to the dress’s historical significance, Kim wasn’t allowed to alter it at all to get it to fit her, so she decided to go above and very far beyond to make it work in time for the Met Gala, which was then only a few months away. At the event, Kim said on the red carpet that she told the dress handlers: ‘”Give me, like, three weeks”. ‘And I had to lose 16lbs down today to be able to fit this.’ Kim told Vogue: ‘It was this or nothing.’ Kim followed an extreme regime to lose the weight. She says: ‘I would wear a sauna suit twice a day, run on the treadmill, completely cut out all sugar and all carbs, and just eat the cleanest veggies and protein. ‘I didn’t starve myself, but I was so strict.’ In the end, she only wore the dress for 5 minutes on the red carpet before changing into a near-replica that fit her better. This sort of drastic, rapid weight loss is as unhealthy as it sounds. Luke Hughes, personal trainer at Origym, said: ‘Severely restricting calories for a long period of time can lead to nutrient deficiencies. ‘This can result in a range of problems, including brittle hair and nails, extreme fatigue, weakened bones, hair loss, and osteoporosis. ‘Rapidly losing weight too quickly can put considerable stress on the body. ‘Developing an obsession with weight can have a negative effect on your mental health and may result in more dangerous mental conditions such as eating disorders and body dysmorphia. ‘It’s always better to lose weight or build muscle over a long period of time, by eating healthily and having plenty of rest in between workouts.’ He added: ‘Rapid weight loss and severe calorie restriction can result in digestive problems like constipation and low immunity to illnesses. ‘Women who severely limit their calories may find they stop having periods, which can lead to fertility issues if this is continued for a long amount of time.’ If you’re going to try and lose weight, it’s vital to do so at a safe pace. Luke recommends: ‘Losing one to two pounds per week is considered a healthy and safe rate to lose weight. Any more than this in the same amount of time may be considered too fast. ‘Fast weight loss can put you at risk of health problems, including muscle loss, nutritional deficiencies, gallstones, and a drop in metabolism. ‘Other health-related issues include shedding more hair than usual, feeling cold and irritable, having reduced energy levels, and, again, people may find they stop having periods. ‘This often occurs when people exercise too much or attempt “crash” or low-calorie diets. He adds that rapid and extreme weight loss can lead to the yo-yo effect, and unhealthy, sometimes lifelong issues with dieting. ‘If you lose weight too quickly, it’s also unlikely you will keep it off permanently.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Khloe Kardashian makes light of awkward Tristan Thompson reunion scenes: ‘We know how this aged’ MORE : Kourtney Kardashian’s daughter Penelope cries after being snubbed from Travis Barker engagement: ‘She took it hard’ MORE : The side you sleep on makes a difference to your health – so which is best?