Lorraine Kelly shared her pride at Deborah James’s fundraising but admitted she finds it ‘really hard’ to think about the bowel cancer campaigner now being under hospice care. Deborah, 40, revealed that she is no longer receiving active cancer treatment after battling the disease for five years, and will be spending the time she has left with her family. She is undergoing hospice care at home and is not certain how much time she has left after being unable to have more treatment. Deborah, who runs the Bowelbabe Instagram account, had recently appeared on Lorraine for her No Butts campaign to end the stigma around talking about bowel cancer and its symptoms. Lorraine was joined by Dr Hilary Jones as they discussed Deborah’s final fundraiser, which is currently over £4million just days after it was launched. The presenter admitted it was difficult to come to terms with Deborah dying, adding: ‘You’re right about the humour and the way that… an incredible, incredible woman. ‘It’s been amazing because everyone that knows her, it’s actually really hard to think about her, because, like I’ve said, I always expected her to bounce back. ‘I keep looking at the donations and they’re clocking up and clocking up, and it just makes you smile. ‘And the fact that she’s on the front pages today and its all brilliant, but it’s sad as well. It’s just sad as well, that’s all.’ Deborah has been awarded a Damehood for raising vital funds and awareness amid her battle with terminal cancer. She told The Sun: ‘I don’t know what to say. I’m blown away and feel incredibly honoured. ‘I don’t feel like I deserve this. I can’t tell you what this means to my family, it’s so much to take in.’ Her husband Sebastien Bowen said the public support of the fundraiser has ‘brought a piercing ray of light and hope into this, the darkest of times’, adding that the Damehood is ‘so truly deserved’. Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 