The convicted sex offender suspected of abducting Madeleine McCann has had a parole application rejected in Germany, according to reports. Christian Brueckner was declared an official suspect by Portuguese police last month – almost 15 years after the girl vanished while on a family holiday. Since 2019, he has been serving a seven-year jail term for raping and torturing a 72-year-old American woman in 2005 in a separate case. Now it has emerged that his parole was denied last month due to ‘social prognosis’. A spokesperson for the Oldenburg District Court told the Mirror: ‘The court ruled there were no grounds for suspending the remainder of the sentence.’ Brueckner, 45, was identified as a murder suspect by German prosecutors in June 2020. He has reportedly denied any involvement in the McCann case and has not been charged. Investigators believe the convicted sex offender killed Madeleine, then three, after abducting her from the holiday apartment in Praia da Luz. Lead German prosecutor Hans Christian Wolters said: ‘His request was rejected on the grounds that he could not be given a positive social prognosis. ‘In other words, the court has said it believes that the convict will commit further offences if released.’ It comes after Madeleine’s parents said it was ‘essential’ they learn the truth of what happened to their daughter ahead of the 15th anniversary of her disappearance. When Brueckner was officially identified as an official suspect, the McCanns said they ‘welcomed’ the news and that they had never given up hope on finding Maddie one day. In a message on the Official Find Madeleine Campaign Facebook page on Monday, Kate and Gerry McCann wrote although ‘uncertainty creates weakness’, they need closure on what happened to the toddler on May 3, 2007. The Metropolitan Police, which continues to treat Madeleine’s disappearance as a missing persons’ inquiry, said it is ‘committed’ to finding the truth. The McCanns’ post read: ‘This year we mark 15 years since we last saw Madeleine. It feels no harder than any other (year) but no easier either. It’s a very long time. ‘Many people talk about the need for “closure”. It’s always felt a strange term. ‘Regardless of outcome, Madeleine will always be our daughter and a truly horrific crime has been committed. These things will remain. ‘It is true though that uncertainty creates weakness; knowledge and certainty give strength, and for this reason our need for answers, for the truth, is essential. ‘We are grateful for the ongoing work and commitment of the UK, Portuguese and German authorities as it is this combined police effort which will yield results and bring us those answers. ‘As always, we would like to thank all of our supporters for their continued good wishes and support. ‘It is a huge comfort to know that regardless of time passed, Madeleine is still in people’s hearts and minds.’ In July 2013, Scotland Yard launched its own investigation, Operation Grange, into Madeleine’s disappearance. Leading the Metropolitan Police operation, Detective Chief Inspector Mark Cranwell said: ‘Fifteen years on from Madeleine’s disappearance in Praia Da Luz our thoughts, as always, are with her family. ‘Officers continue to investigate the case and our dedicated team are still working closely with law enforcement colleagues from the Portuguese Policia Judiciaria as well as the German Bundeskriminalamt. ‘At this time, the case remains a missing person’s inquiry and all involved are committed to doing what we can to find answers.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.