Let’s get this out of the way: ‘stealthing’ might sound like another catchy term for a dating trend, but it’s absolutely not. Stealthing is a form of rape – simple. But what actually ‘counts’ as stealthing? And what do you need to know about it? As news lines of the act become more common, and awareness of the violation begins to rise, it’s an important conversation for us to have. Stealthing was originally a term used purely for the secret removal of a condom during sex. More recently, it has expanded to include similar acts of messing with contraception without consent. For example, poking holes in a condom is an act of stealthing. Telling someone that you are taking birth control when you are not, with the intention of ‘trapping’ someone into conceiving, can also be considered under this umbrella. Under UK law, stealthing is illegal. This is because in the UK, consent is required for each specific sexual act – otherwise that act is rape. So, to break it down, if you consent to having sex with someone wearing a condom, you have not consented to unprotected sex. If a partner goes ahead and removes a means of contraception and safe sex without you knowing, they are violating your consent. The same goes for poking holes in condoms – a man was recently jailed for rape for doing exactly that. Andrew Lewis, from Worcester, used a pin to prick a hole in a condom and trick his partner, who had agreed to sex on the condition that he used protection. His partner then found a pin and other pierced condoms in the bedside drawer, and discovered another condom in the bin with a hole in the tip. He finally confessed to damaging the condoms saying that he hoped they would split and ‘improve the intimacy’ for him. In the US, California has made stealthing – directly naming the act of removing a condom without consent – a crime, but no other US states have specific laws around this. Many people don’t realise that removing a condom is a form of rape and is thus against the law. They might justify their actions by saying they feel sex ‘feels better’ without a condom. Other motivations for stealthing can include deliberately attempting to infect someone with an STI or attempting to force pregnancy. Regardless of the reason, an act of stealthing is wrong – and, to repeat, a crime. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What mums want you to know about maternal mental health – and how they need you to help MORE : Protecting ‘The Pink House’: The fight to keep Mississippi’s only abortion clinic open MORE : IVF can’t cause menopause – but Kourtney Kardashian was right to say it feels the same