Blac Chyna is under criminal investigation after allegedly kicking a woman in the stomach in an incident that occurred days after she lost her defamation case against the Kardashians, it’s been claimed. According to a report, in the early hours of Friday morning, the model was at a bar in Los Angeles when she became embroiled in an altercation with the alleged victim, Sequoya King. King claimed that she and Chyna – whose real name is Angela Renée White and who shares a daughter with Rob Kardashian – got into an argument. Chyna is said to have become upset after believing that people in the bar were filming her, accusing King of recording her on her phone, which she denied. Speaking to TMZ, King said that the socialite took her phone and damaged it by slamming it on the ground, in addition to kicking her in the stomach, resulting in her falling down. Sources in the LAPD informed the publication that police officers are conducting an investigation after a battery report was filed on Friday, naming Chyna as a suspect. On Tuesday, it emerged that the Kardashian clan wouldn’t be paying a dime of Chyna’s $100million (£80m) defamation case after emerging victorious. Chyna, 33, had claimed that Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner had interfered with her contract with E!, which she said led to the cancellation of her show, Rob & Chyna, with her then-fiancé Rob, 35. She claimed that the family ruined her reality TV career after the programme was cancelled after just one season in 2016. The jury ruled that none of the Kardashians defamed Chyna or interfered with her contract with E!, and no damages were awarded. However, Chyna’s mum Tokyo Toni has set up a GoFundMe page to fundraise for an appeal against the case. The fundraiser has currently gathered just over $1,200 (£970) towards a target of $40,000 (£32,000) after 96 donations. Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives of Blac Chyna and the LAPD for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian slammed for wearing second Marilyn Monroe dress and posing with late star’s Golden Globe: ‘Is she gonna dig up her body next?’ MORE : Blac Chyna’s mum Tokyo Toni sets up GoFundMe to pay for appeal against Kardashians case 