Keir Starmer may have to step down if he is fined over a curry and beer gathering under lockdown restrictions last year, allies and opponents have said. The Labour leader faces a police investgiation into whether he broke the law by sharing a £200 takeaway with activists after a day of campaigning in Durham last April, when Covid rules banned indoor mixing apart from during work. Footage of him holding a beer bottle emerged the following month and has become a thorn in his side since his ferocious criticism of Boris Johnson’s ‘partygate’ birthday cake gathering. Sir Keir claims he was ‘working in the office’ when his team ‘stopped for something to eat’, insisting: ‘There was no party, no breach of the rules.’ But a leaked memo obtained by the Mail on Sunday now indicates the gathering was listed on the leader’s schedule as a ‘dinner in Miners Hall’ from 8.40pm to 10pm. He previously claimed he continued working after the meal, but the only business listed after 10pm on the document was a 15-minute walk back to his hotel. While most Labour figures have refused to publicly comment on the consequences of a fine, Dianne Abbott previously suggested she would favour his resignation. The MP for Hackney North and Stoke Newington told LBC on Saturday: ‘If he actually gets a fixed penalty notice he really has to consider his position. ‘I mean, I don’t think he will, I think this is a lot of hype built up by the Tory press. ‘But if he were to get a fixed penalty notice he would have to consider his position.’ Speaking on Sunday, the Lib Dem leader Ed Davey told the BBC: ‘Well as I have made really clear no politician is above the law. ‘So if any politician, be it Keir Starmer, Boris Johnson, if they get a fixed-penalty notice after a police investigation, it’s extremely difficult for them to continue.’ Asked what her boss should do if he’s fined, the shadow housing secretary, Lisa Nandy, said she was ‘not going to entertain’ the question as she was ‘absolutely confident that no rules were broken’. Ms Nandy repeatedly described the accusations as ‘mud-slinging’ by government officials, even though many of the questions he’s facing arose from newspaper investigations. In addition to the leaked memo, a source who was present has told the Sunday Times that everyone present at the event were ‘just there for a jolly’, adding that Sir Keir did not work during or after the curry. The student who filmed Sir Keir drinking beer also told the newspaper  the scene ‘seemed social more than anything’ and that he ‘didn’t see any work taking place’. Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab accused Sir Keir of ‘rank double standards’ for staying put despite having repeatedly called for Mr Johnson’s resignation before police finished their investigation into his lockdown-breaking activities. He told ITV News: ‘I think he needs to account for the discrepancies in what he’s said. ‘I think he’s been economical with the truth at best about what happened up in Durham.’ Mr Raab stopped short of calling for Sir Keir to resign if he’s fined, possibly as he has continued to support Mr Johnson’s leadership in the same circumstances. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.