The getaway car used by former Alabama Corrections Officer Vicky White and the inmate she helped escape, Casey White, has been located over 100 miles away. Agents with the US Marshal Service received a tip late Thursday night about a vehicle matching the description of the 2007 Ford Edge, and have since confirmed it was the same SUV used by Vicky White and Casey White when they fled an Alabama jail on April 29. The SUV was recovered in a tow lot in Tennessee, about two hours north of where the manhunt began. The inmate, Casey White, 38, was escorted out of the prison last Friday by Vicky White for a phony court appointment. The pair, who are not related but reportedly in a ‘special relationship,’ have not been seen since. On Thursday, new images were released to help the public identify the pair. They include renderings of what Vicky White would look like if she died her blonde hair darker, and photographs of Casey White’s tattoos, which have ties to the white supremacist prison gang, Southern Brotherhood. Both Casey and Vicky White should be ‘considered dangerous and may be armed with an AR-15 rifle, handguns and a shotgun,’ US Marshals said in a statement Thursday. Casey White was in Lauderdale County jail awaiting the trial for capital murder charges he faces. He was also serving a 75-year sentence for a series of violent crimes committed in 2015, which included attempting to kill his ex-girlfriend. Authorities have advised that his ‘potential targets’ now that he has escaped have been provided protective actions to ensure their safety. Over 200 tips have come in from the public, some of which may have potential, authorities said. There is an active warrant out for the arrest of Vicky White on charges of permitting or facilitating escape in the first degree. She was also let go from her job as assistant director of corrections by the Lauderdale County Sheriff’s Office. Vicky White, a 17-year veteran of the department, was set to retire on April 29, but never finished the paperwork, Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton said. Video released by officials shows the couple driving through town in a police cruiser. The pair reportedly left the cop car in a shopping center parking lot less than 10 miles from the jail, and escaped in a gold or copper colored SUV. There is a reward of up to $5,000 for information leading to the location of Vicky White and $10,000 for information leading to the capture of Casey White. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.