The Kardashians have emerged victorious after Blac Chyna’s $100million (£80million) defamation case and won’t have to pay her any damages. Chyna, 33, had claimed Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner had interfered with her contract with E!, and led to the cancellation of her show, Rob & Chyna, with then-fiancé Rob Kardashian, 35. She had brought the case against the Kardashians, claiming they had ruined her reality TV career when the show was cancelled after airing for one season in 2016, following the couple splitting up. After facing off in court, the Kardashians have come out victorious, with no damages awarded to Chyna, according to reports from AP. The jury found that none of the Kardashians defamed Chyna or interfered with her contract with E!, in what will be a blow for the mother of two, who shares five-year-old daughter with ex, Rob Kardashian. Chyna had alleged that Rob & Chyna was cancelled after its first season after the Kardashian family falsely told network executives and producers that Chyna had physically attacked Kardashian in December 2016. The court heard that Chyna had held a gun to Kardashian’s head and choked him with a phone charging wire, with Chyna claiming the gun incident was a ‘joke’ and never pointed it at him. The jury was also told that while filming may have been continuous for Rob & Chyna, the second series had never been greenlit by the time the couple split up, meaning the show could not continue without the central premise of their relationship. According to reports from AP, the jury found that the Kardashians ‘often acted in bad faith on the issues brought up in the case,’ but ‘it had no substantial effect on Chyna’s contract or the fate of the show.’ The court was shown text messages and emails in evidence in the 10-day trial, showing some of the family threatening not to film for their own show if Chyna was involved, including Khloe writing; ‘We are even considering not moving forward with our show if theirs continues, that’s how strongly we feel this is damaging to our family.’ When matriarch Kris Jenner testified, she claimed not to have the power to ‘influence’ the network to cancel any shows. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian ‘cleared of defamation in Blac Chyna trial’ over E! series axe MORE : Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian’s relationship became too ‘dark and heavy’ to continue their reality show 