A PE teacher who was caught exposing himself to a woman in a park while ‘swinging his penis around like a Catherine wheel’ has been banned from the profession for life. Jason Ledgister, 44, was found guilty of unacceptable professional conduct for flashing women while urging them to ‘look’. A disciplinary hearing was told he had been working at Birmingham’s Ark Boulton Academy when he first exposed himself from his car in November 2013. A woman said she had been standing at a bus stop when a man pulled up alongside her and pulled his tracksuit bottoms down to his ankles. The panel was told he then began masturbating while shouting ‘look!’ during the incident which lasted 15 minutes. Ledgister resigned from the school on June 20, 2017 before allegedly exposing himself to a second woman, again from his car, just seven days later. He then began working at GB Taekwondo but started employment with an agency as a supply teacher at Small Heath School, in Birmingham, in May 2018. It was around this time that he was spotted masturbating next to a bridge in West Smethwick Park in broad daylight. One woman, described only as Female C, said the man had his jogging bottoms on the ground around his ankles and was not wearing any underwear. She described how he lifted his t-shirt up with one hand while using the other to touch himself and was ‘swinging his penis around like a Catherine wheel’. After being arrested Ledgister did not disclose his profession as a teacher and told cops instead that he worked as a labourer. Despite later being found not guilty of indecent exposure by magistrates, the Teaching Regulation Agency found all of the allegations proven following the hearing on April 13. The disciplinary panel found Ledgister’s actions had been sexually motivated on the balance of probabilities. They also found he had misled officers after telling police he was a general labourer working on construction projects following his arrest. Chair of the panel Emma Moir banned Ledgister from the classroom indefinitely after finding his behaviour ‘fell significantly short of the standards expected of the profession’. The ruling said: ‘In the light of the panel’s findings against Mr Ledgister, which involved indecent exposure and a lack of integrity and/or being dishonest, there was a strong public interest consideration in respect of the protection of pupils. ‘There was no evidence to suggest that Mr Ledgister was acting under extreme duress, and, in fact, the panel found Mr Ledgister’s actions to be calculated and motivated. ‘The panel found that Mr Ledgister lacked integrity and was dishonest.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.