Finding asbestos on your property is a dreaded prospect for any homeowner. This mineral material was widely used in the construction industry throughout the 19th and 20th centuries. Due to its fibrous and fire-resistant qualities, asbestos served as an effective insulator for homes. It was also used in the manufacture of various other products, from garden furniture to yarn. Over time, scientists discovered that regular exposure to asbestos could cause a variety of health conditions, including cancer and a lung disease called asbestosis. Asbestos was prohibited in the 1980s, but not fully banned until 1998, meaning this dangerous material could be present in a number of British homes. Because of how dangerous it is, asbestos should be removed from a property. However, as there’s the potential to disturb it and release its harmful fibres into the air, it’s best to leave it to the professionals. But how do you know if it’s asbestos you’re dealing with, or who to call if you find it? We spoke to Director and Chartered Building Surveyor at Munday and Cramer, Lee Hatwell, to find out. ‘Asbestos can be present in surface finishes or deeper materials within the fabric or structure of your property,’ Lee tells Metro.co.uk, adding that ‘the age of the property can be a factor.’ He advises checking HSE guidelines if you think you may have asbestos, which advises that any property built or renovated before 2000 may be affected. Absestos may look different depending on how it was used. For example, it may appear loose (with a texture similar to candyfloss) if utilised as insulation in a loft, or like stippled paint if it was sprayed onto a surface. Some older homes may have asbestos floor tiles hidden under the carpets, or it may have been used in plasterwork on ceilings and walls. In reality, it’s difficult to tell materials containing asbestos apart from those that don’t, so it’s always best to act with caution. According to HSE, you should contact your local authority’s environmental health team for more information, but that it’s ‘often best to leave [materials containing asbestos] where they are – especially if they are in good condition and unlikely to get damaged.’ Lee adds: ‘It’s always a good idea to engage a competent and qualified surveyor to inspect and advise you before planning any work you might intend to do yourself or engage others to do for you. ‘You must also make sure any relevant information is communicated to tradesmen, which is a legal requirement under CDM (construction, design and management) regulations.’ Once again, don’t try to disturb or remove anything you suspect to be asbestos yourself. This must be done by a trained and licensed practitioner who knows how to manage the risks involved, creating what Lee calls ‘a clear plan based on the type, location and condition of the asbestos material.’ It could also save you cash in the long-term. ‘Like many other aspects of property maintenance, sometimes it can be cheaper in the long run to get well considered advice,’ says Lee. ‘Which could limit the scope and cost of the work needed.’ He continues: ‘Good quality tradesmen will know how to develop your basic details into their working practices, and they will know what HSE legally requires of them in the construction process. ‘You should ask them the specific question BEFORE they quote for the job, and make sure you get written confirmation they have developed their “construction” plan before accepting their quote.’ Costs for asbestos removal can vary, but it’ll likely be a lot cheaper than having to repair shoddy DIY work. Whether you’re a dab hand at decorating or not, this is a job solely for professionals. It’s not just your home at risk if you get asbestos wrong – it’s your health too. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : There’s a sinister reason so many women like true crime MORE : Skinny London house that’s less than 9ft wide goes on sale for £1.3million