Four men have been jailed for life for murdering a ‘gentle and peaceful’ student at a New Year’s Eve party by viciously beating him unconscious and then throwing his body over a balcony. Billy Henham, 24, was last seen on CCTV at a shop in Brighton in the early hours of January 1, 2020. His naked, battered body was discovered by police the next evening in an abandoned building where a party to welcome in the new year had been held. Billy had been subjected to a ‘sustained and significant’ attack involving punches and stamps, and left him with 67 separate injuries. Gregory Hawley, 29, Dushane Meikle, 28, Lamech Gordon-Carew, 21, and Alize Spence, 19, were sentenced on Friday having been found guilty in February. Hawley and Meikle were given life sentences with a minimum of 25, while Gordon-Carew was given a life sentence with a minimum of 18 years. Spence will serve a minimum term of 18 years. None of the four men knew the victim, nor had they given a reason for the motivation of the attack – although Hawley was heard telling a squatter Billy had been killed for being ‘lairy’ and ‘mouthy’. Billy, who was on a break from university in London and staying with his parents in West Sussex, had been at a nightclub in Brighton before heading to the party. Just a few hours before his brutal death, the 24-year-old had been seen ‘singing, dancing and smiling’. Forensic evidence showed the attack had started on the second floor of the building, which was being occupied by squatters, before the victim was dragged to the first floor where the beating continued. After he’d lost consciousness he was pushed 11ft (3m) over a railing into the courtyard, where he was alive for at least an hour before he died. A post mortem found he had suffered almost 70 different injuries including a brain injury, 11 rib fractures, and a deep cut to his forehead. It also established the perpetrators had attempted to cover their tracks by stripping Billy naked and dousing him in bleach – with traces of disinfectant found in his hair and on bloodstained-areas of the building. Hawley confessed to his mother’s then-partner he had seen Billy take his last breath, while Gordon-Carew had boasted about the killing. Meikle’s seized phone was found to have two deleted photos of Billy’s body – one partially clothed and the other nude. The sentencing judge said the men’s act had been ‘sadistic’ and involved ‘gratuitous violence’ that had a ‘devastating’ impact on Billy’s family. ‘The effect of Bill Henham’s murder on his family has been devastating. Their grief is relentless,’ Mr Justice Cavanagh said. ‘Both of his parents have had to give up work. For the past two and a half years they have existed, not lived. Their emotions have ranged from horror and shock to absolute pain and then to total anger.’ The judge added: ‘I do not sentence you on the basis that the murder was sadistic – if I had done so, the starting point for three of you would have been much higher – but the wholly disproportionate and gratuitous violence is one of the most unpleasant aspects of the offence, and the ferocity and vigour with which the beating was carried out were not far short of sadistic. ‘This was a merciless attack, involving the deliberate infliction of pain and suffering over a lengthy period.’ Billy’s family – father Ian, mother Debbie and brother Rory – attended the trial every day, and paid tribute to their loved one following the conviction. ‘It is hard to describe the horror of losing a family member to murder, especially in such a brutal and needless way. We cannot fathom as to why anyone would inflict such cruelty on someone so helpless,’ a family statement read. ‘He was a kind and peaceful young man; a free spirit who happily chatted to those he came across. ‘The events of that night have left us with a Bill shaped void in our lives. We’ll strive not to cry too often, but instead smile when we remember his short life, especially because he shared it with us.’ While the family were grateful for the justice delivered at court, it added no sentence would bring Billy back nor ‘give him the chance to make his mark on the world’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.