A Nasa satellite has captured the moment a massive underwater volcano erupted in the depths of the Pacific Ocean. This particular volcano – the Kavachi volcano – is well-known to scientists following an oceanic study that took place there in 2015. Researchers found that fish and sharks inhabit the super-heated sulfer-infused acidic waters around the volcano. The water contains volcanic rock fragments and it’s believed the sharks may have actually mutated to help them cope with the extreme conditions. ‘Populations of gelatinous animals, small fish, and sharks were observed inside the active crater, raising new questions about the ecology of active submarine volcanoes and the extreme environments in which large marine animals can exist,’ the scientists wrote at the time. ‘Microbial samples collected from the summit indicate chemosynthetic populations dominated by sulfur-reducing ε-proteobacteria.’ Two types of shark – the silky and scalloped hammerhead – were actually filmed swimming around near the volcano during a research visit. In the years since, scientists have been researching the creatures living around and inside the massive volcano, whose base stretches down 1.2 kilometers (0.75 miles) to the ocean floor. Kavachi has even been given the nickname ‘Sharkcano’ due to the inhabitants living in its harsh conditions. The recent eruption was captured by Nasa using the Operational Land Imager – a powerful scanning telescope aboard the orbiting Landsat 8 satellite. It’s capable of taking detailed photos of land and sea from space. Nasa’s image shows a large plume of discoloured water being emitted from the submerged volcano. According to the space agency, it lasted several days between April and May 2022. ‘Prior to this recent activity, large eruptions were observed at Kavachi in 2014 and 2007,’ explained Nasa in a statement. ‘The volcano erupts nearly continuously, and residents of nearby inhabitated islands often report visible steam and ash. ‘The island is named for a sea god of the Gatokae and Vangunu peoples, and it is sometimes also referred to as Rejo te Kvachi, or “Kavachi’s Oven”’. MORE : Whale sharks are dying in large numbers and now we know why MORE : Sharks, seahorses and seals found living in ‘biologically dead’ River Thames   