Accused Buffalo shooter Payton Gendron faced the grieving relatives of some of the 10 people he is charged with murdering at a Buffalo supermarket while in court Thursday. ‘Payton, you’re a coward!’ one woman shouted from the gallery as the hearing wrapped. The 18-year-old appeared in Buffalo city court donning an orange jumpsuit, a white face mask and chains on his legs while surrounded by law enforcement officials. During the hearing, which lasted only several minutes, Judge Craig Hannah decided that Gendron would be held pending a grand jury indictment. The next arraignment was requested to be scheduled for the morning of June 9. ‘The defendant continues to remain held without bail. There will be no further comment from our office until there is a report following an investigation by the Grand Jury,’ Erie County District Attorney John Flynn said in a statement. ‘As are all persons accused of a crime, the defendant is presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law.’ The court appearance comes as authorities investigate whether Gendron will face additional hate crime and terrorism charges. Gendron was charged with one count of murder following Saturday afternoon’s racially-motivated mass shooting, in which officials claim he intentionally targeted black people in the extensively planned attack. He pleaded not guilty and is being held without bail. Authorities say the teen drove three hours and over 200 miles from his home of Conklin to carry out the shooting at the supermarket, located in a predominantly black part of Buffalo. The 18-year-old wielded an AR-15 style rifle and wore body armor when he stormed the store around 2.30 pm Saturday afternoon. He shot four people in the store’s parking lot and nine others inside, according to authorities. He also allegedly livestreamed the attack on the gaming website Twitch, but the live stream was taken down two minutes into the shooting. All of the 10 people killed in the shooting were black. Three other victims were wounded in the shooting, including one black victim and two white victims. Gendron is expected to face additional murder and attempted murder counts and state hate crime charges. The FBI is also conducting its own investigation into the deadly attack, could lead to federal hate crime and terrorism charges. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.