Piers Morgan was forced to cut an interview short after he was branded a ‘c**t’ by a guest on his own show. The former Good Morning Britain host was presenting on his TalkTV show, Piers Morgan: Uncensored, when he interviewed a guest about trans rights. At one point, the guest said: ‘I don’t really know. I’m going to leave the interview now. I kind of only came on here because I thought it would be kind of funny. ‘I want to say you’re a c***-‘ they added, before being cut off. Piers went on: ‘I want to apologise again to all viewers.’ One viewer tweeted the clip with the caption: ‘I see ‘Piers Morgan, Uncensored’ is having a good one tonight,’ with Piers responding: ‘Does what it says on the tin..’ The TV star recently defended his ratings amid reports that his viewership is plummeting. Despite official figures from BARB claiming Piers’ show Uncensored has seen its audience shrink from almost 400,000 down to 58,000 in less than three weeks and been beaten by Nigel Farage’s GB News show which airs at 7pm, he remains defiant that all is going to plan. He tweeted: ‘UPDATE: @PiersUncensored beat Sky News & GB News in the UK ratings AGAIN last night.. still very early days, but the show is already gaining real traction around the world, making lots of news, and as I hoped, annoying all the right people.’ Piers then got into a spat with former GB News presenter Simon McCoy, with things quickly getting nasty. Since TalkTV launched on April 25, Piers has welcomed the likes of Caitlyn Jenner, Mel B and even the spokesperson for the Taliban onto his show, but no one has been able to draw the same pull as former president, Donald Trump. However, he remains the channel’s most popular presenter. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weeknights at 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan claims Ukraine won Eurovision on ‘sympathy vote’ in scathing takedown of ‘rigged’ song contest MORE : Piers Morgan blocks Simon McCoy after clash over TalkTV ratings goes too far, apparently 