Love Island bosses are banishing the messy food challenges that have been a traditional segment since the beginning. The annual and slightly disturbing food swap has been met with a mixed reaction from viewers as they have to witness the contestants spitting food and drink in each other’s mouths. But it looks like we won’t have to endure any of that this time round. After a Reddit user begged producers to ‘stop making people spit food into each other’s mouths.’ Executive producer Mike Spencer replied: ‘We are stepping away from the food challenges as we know them.’ Mike also hinted that the savage Casa Amor postcard twist might not be featured in this year’s series. ‘We have published our duty of care protocols very publicly and we have an incredible welfare team on the series,’ he added. ‘I agree we have to be incredibly considered when making editorial decisions. We are also making a dating entertainment series but humour is normally at the heart of most storylines. ‘I think we are considered and it always becomes tricky with the passing of information but we aim to find balance in the show.’ The recent revelation comes after ITV2 confirmed that the annual dating show will return on Monday June 6. The global phenomenon – which has sparked spin-offs in America and Australia-  has already produced bromances, brides and babies, and we’re sure there’s even more drama to come this year. In what might be the biggest shake-up to date, bosses have reportedly decided to revamp the villa and give it a makeover with a new workout area. By adding a gym to the villa and allowing contestants space to pump some iron, producers are hoping it will lead to ‘more hook-ups.’ ‘Viewers love all the scenes of rippling muscles and sexy squats,’ an insider said. They added to The Sun: ‘Now producers hope that extra space for couples to work out will lead to more hook-ups as the testosterone flows.’ Love Island returns on Monday June 6 on ITV2. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island return date finally confirmed and it is literally around the corner MORE : Molly-Mae Hague and Tommy Fury cuddle up on romantic California getaway 