What should have been a magical time turned out to be a nightmare for an expectant mum. Georgia Macey, 30, caught Covid before giving birth – then went into a coma on what should have been her wedding day. This meant she couldn’t meet her newborn baby for weeks as she fought for her own life. Georgia was worried when she tested positive for the virus whilst seven-and-a-half months pregnant with her first child. Due to ‘confusing advice’ for pregnant women at the time, she decided to not get vaccinated. Instead she chose to be ‘extremely careful’ and shield at home with her fiancé Luke Finch, 32, a mechanic – who has asthma. Tragically her health deteriorated after catching the virus, then was advised to go straight to hospital. After one night in hospital, her unborn child’s heart rate rapidly increased. Concerned for the baby’s health, doctors decided to deliver Georgia’s daughter via emergency C-section – making her six weeks early. As both Georgia and baby Eliza were unwell – with the mum in the ICU – new parents Georgia and Luke decided to postpone their wedding date, which was due to happen in two weeks. When the proposed day came around, things went from bad to worse as Georgia was put into a medically induced coma. After 10 days in a coma, doctors woke her up and finally she was able to meet her baby properly for the first time. Georgia, a civil servant, said: ‘It was a scary time. ‘I was so relieved when I heard Eliza’s little cry. I knew she was alive, but I couldn’t hold her because I had Covid and we didn’t want her to catch it. ‘I barely got to see her before she was taken away, it was awful.’ Nurses would bring Georgia the blankets that Eliza had been sleeping in, so that she could feel closer to her daughter while in the ICU. ‘I would hold her blankets to try and smell her, but I wanted to be holding her. The nurses put photos of her up in my room, but it was agony not being able to see or hold her in real life,’ she added. Reflecting on her cancelled wedding, she said: ‘It was devastating, my fiancé came to visit me in hospital in his wedding suit, but I just wasn’t getting better, and I had to be put on a ventilator. ‘It was supposed to be one of the happiest days of my life, but I was told I’d have to be put into a coma and I didn’t know if I’d ever wake up and see my daughter again. ‘But we didn’t have a choice, the doctors said I was in the worst position I could be in, and 90% of my lungs were damaged.’ When she came to, she was still very weak and delirious. ‘I was on so much medication, that when I came to, I was hallucinating. I thought the sound of my door opening and closing was gun shot, and that someone was going to kill me and take my baby,’ she said. ‘I couldn’t stand up and had to have a physio to teach me how to walk again.’ ‘The hospital policy was to keep me in isolation for five weeks so I couldn’t see my baby. ‘I met Eliza on the 24th October, two weeks after I’d woken up from the coma and five weeks after she’d been born. I was so weak but it was amazing to see Luke and Eliza at last. ‘It was the best feeling in the world to finally meet her.’ Still today, Georgia has health problems which have meant she couldn’t approach motherhood exactly as she planned. But now the family of three are happily together, with the couple married and Eliza being their bridesmaid. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What mums want you to know about maternal mental health – and how they need you to help MORE : Woman with endometriosis always gets mistaken for being pregnant – despite being unable to be conceive MORE : Dad suffers three strokes and has parts of his skull removed after two-month coma