EasyJet have announced they are to cancel more than 200 flights over the next 10 days, causing widespread disruption for people planning on jetting away over the half-term. The cancelled flights – going to and from Gatwick – could affect over 36,000 people as the budget airline will start cutting 24 flights per day from Saturday 28 May to Monday 6 June. These new cancellations come after a software failure forced it to cancel some 200 flights on Thursday (May 26), however, the new cancellations are unrelated to this issue. Which flights have been cancelled and what’s the reason for it? The planned cancellations from Gatwick for today (May 28) are: A full list of all flights over the next 10 days is not yet available. A rep explained to Metro.co.uk: ‘Customers are being informed in advance and provided with the option to rebook their flight or receive a refund and can apply for compensation in line with regulations.’ The latest cancellations are down to the demands put upon the company, as per a statement given by EasyJet. A spokeswoman for the company said in a statement: ‘We are very sorry for the late notice of some of these cancellations and inconvenience caused for customers booked on these flights, however we believe this is necessary to provide reliable services over this busy period.’ Holiday firm TUI have also begun to cancel some of its flights, giving a similar reason. A spokesperson said: ‘The half-term holidays are always an incredibly busy period with many customers looking to get away. Unfortunately, due to various operational and supply chain issues a small number of flights have been delayed or cancelled.’ ‘We’d like to reassure customers that we are doing everything we can to minimise delays and will be in direct communication should their holiday be impacted. We’d like to thank customers for their patience and understanding during this time.’ MORE : WizzAir pilot loses his rag and rants at passengers after ‘seven-hour delay’ MORE : These are the European holiday destinations with the best summer deals Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.