UEFA has blamed Liverpool fans who purchased fake tickets for the chaotic scenes which marred the build-up to the Champions League final in Paris. Kick-off was delayed by 36 minutes after thousands of Liverpool fans were prevented from entering the stadium, causing dangerous bottlenecks and potential crushes. Unprovoked, police used pepper spray on women and young children to prevent the remote threat of supporters storming the fences in order to ensure they made it into the ground ahead of the scheduled start. After deciding to push back the start of the match until 21.30 local time, UEFA initially blamed the delay on supporters arriving late to Stade de France. Following the match, however, the European governing body changed tact and laid the blame squarely at supporters who they alleged turned up without authentic tickets. A statement read: ‘This created a build-up of fans trying to get in. As a result, the kick off was delayed by 35 minutes to allow as many fans as possible with genuine tickets to gain access. ‘As numbers outside the stadium continued to build up after kick off, the police dispersed them with tear gas and forced them away from the stadium. ‘UEFA is sympathetic to those affected by these events and will further review these matters urgently together with the French police and authorities, and with the French Football Federation.’ Liverpool pre-empted UEFA’s statement, meanwhile, by confirming they would request a full an thorough investigation be launched immediaely. ‘We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and breakdown of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at Stade de France,’ read a statement on Liverpool’s website. ‘This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. ‘We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues.’ Sky Sports presenter Kelly Cates, the daughter of Liverpool club legend Kenny Dalglish, added: ‘Oh it’s “fans with fake tickets now” is it UEFA? Who’s responsible for ticketing? ‘Who’s responsible for making sure the tickets are checked before they even get near a turnstile at a major event? ‘Complete abdication of responsibility. Been here before.’ MORE : ‘Book the hotel’ – Jurgen Klopp vows to take Liverpool back to Champions League final next season after Real Madrid defeat MORE : ‘Disrespectful!’ Rio Ferdinand dismisses Michael Owen’s Liverpool claim after Champions League final defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 