Doctor Who’s new Time Lord Ncuti Gatwa was all smiles in an adorable image posing with returning showrunner Russell T Davies on the Bafta TV Awards red carpet. Following an announcement today, the 29-year-old will become the 14th Doctor on the popular BBC sci-fi series after Jodie Whittaker announced last July she will be leaving the role. In the photo, the Sex Education star posed next to Russell, the returning Doctor Who showrunner who had teased the announcement on Instagram earlier today. Russell and Ncuti had both posted on Instagram with two heart emojis, a plus symbol, and a blue square (presumably referencing the Doctor’s two hearts and the Tardis). Speaking about the announcement and his new role, Ncuti gushed: ‘Russell T Davies is almost as iconic as the Doctor himself and being able to work with him is a dream come true. His writing is dynamic, exciting, incredibly intelligent and fizzing with danger.’ Elsewhere on the red carpet, Ncuti shared how ’emotional’ it’s been. ‘I woke up crying, and then I was dancing, but I’m glad it’s finally out and I don’t have to keep it a secret anymore, because I’m terrible.’ Russell and Ncuti confirmed he’d been keeping it a secret since February. Russell, who has worked on Queer As Folk and It’s A Sin, will return as a showrunner after departing the show in 2009, after David Tennant’s time as the 10th doctor. He was responsible for the show’s revival in 2005, and will be back to celebrate the 60th anniversary next year. ‘The future is here and it’s Ncuti!’ he enthused. ‘Sometimes talent walks through the door and it’s so bright and bold and brilliant, I just stand back in awe and thank my lucky stars. ‘Ncuti dazzled us, seized hold of the Doctor and owned those Tardis keys in seconds. ‘It’s an honour to work with him, and a hoot, I can’t wait to get started. I’m sure you’re dying to know more, but we’re rationing ourselves for now, with the wonderful Jodie’s epic finale yet to come. ‘But I promise you, 2023 will be spectacular!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : How many Doctors have there been as Ncuti Gatwa is confirmed as the new Doctor Who? MORE : Bafta TV Awards 2022: New Doctor Who star Ncuti Gatwa insists he’s careful with spoilers 