Johnny Depp doesn’t appear keen to leave the UK any time soon as he performed with Jeff Beck for a third night in a row. The Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them actor is currently awaiting a verdict in his libel trial against ex-wife Amber Heard, following an explosive six-week trial that laid bare the harrowing details of their former marriage. However, on Tuesday, Depp, 58, left his legal woes firmly off the stage as he performed with Beck, 77, and his band at London’s Royal Albert Hall again. With his white guitar wrapped across his body, Depp looked to be in great spirits as he sang in front of a packed audience wearing a peaked cap and multiple scarves with a waistcoat and white shirt, which had the sleeves rolled up. As the gig came to a close, Depp and Beck shared a warm hug on stage before the actor saluted the audience. It was the second time the pair had shared the stage at the Royal Albert Hall following Depp’s surprise cameo on Monday where he received a standing ovation. Depp also performed with the musician at his Sheffield City Hall show on Sunday. Nearly 4,000 miles away in Fairfax, Virginia, a seven-person jury continued its deliberations to decide whether Heard defamed Depp in her 2018 article published in The Washington Post. In the op-ed, Heard discussed her experience with domestic abuse but did not name Depp in the piece. However, Depp’s lawyers argue that the article clearly referred to the actor and suggested he was physically and sexually abusive to the Aquaman actress. Depp brought the lawsuit against Heard seeking damages of $50million (£40m), but she is counter-suing Depp for $100m (£79m). On Tuesday, the jury asked the judge a question regarding the article following four hours of deliberations. They asked Judge Penney Azcarate to clarify whether they should consider the entire article or just the headline. The article headline reads: ‘I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change.’ According to Deadline, Judge Azacarate said: ‘I think the confusion came in this particular one because the statement in question is the title of the op-ed, so I think they are confused as to whether it is the whole op-ed or the title is the statement. ‘It is clear that the title is the statement.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp jury asks judge question about domestic abuse article after four hours of deliberations in Amber Heard trial MORE : Johnny Depp and Jeff Beck’s previous collaborations after actor rocked up for England gigs 