Sadio Mane agreed to join Manchester United before Jurgen Klopp picked up the phone and convinced his future was at Liverpool. The Senegal international will feature in his second Champions League final in three years against Real Madrid on Saturday tonight as Liverpool look to seal a third trophy this season having already bagged the FA Cup and League Cup. Mane has won six trophies during his time on Merseyside, establishing himself as one of the best forwards in Europe after arriving from Southampton in 2016 for £34million. Liverpool were not the only interested side back then with United also having an offer accepted. Louis van Gaal, who was replaced at Old Trafford by Jose Mourinho that summer, was a big admirer, leading United’s chase for his signature in the months before his exit. But after receiving a call from Klopp, who has previously tried to sign him for Borussia Dortmund, Mane had no hesitation in rejecting Old Trafford for Anfield. ‘I have to say, I was really close to going to Manchester United,’ Mane told Jamie Carragher in an interview for The Telegraph. ‘I had the contract there. I had it all agreed. It was all ready, but instead I thought, ‘No, I want to go to Liverpool’. I was convinced to go with Klopp’s project. I still remember the first time I got the call from Klopp. ‘I was watching TV. It was an action movie – because I love movies – and he said, ‘Sadio, listen, I want to explain to you what happened at Dortmund’. That was when he thought of signing me for Dortmund and for some reason it didn’t work out. He tried to explain and I said, ‘it’s okay, it happened’. I forgave him. ‘Then he said, ‘now I want you at Liverpool’. And I said, ‘Okay, Dortmund is behind us, let’s focus on the future’. ‘He said, ‘We have a big project at Liverpool and I want you to be part of it’. Then he asked what position I wanted, because he could see at Southampton I played on the right side and I used to play on the left. I said I prefer left, and then he said, ‘but Coutinho is on the left!’ So I said, never mind, I will play on the right. I could see myself in all the positions.’ MORE : Treble or not, Jurgen Klopp is giving new generation of Liverpool fans the time of their lives MORE : How Carlo Ancelotti and Liverpool’s football destinies became bound ahead of 2022 Champions League final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 