Lord of the Rings fans who have had a glimpse at the new Amazon Prime show have been completely blown away and assured others that the upcoming series is ‘in good hands’. Despite the first episode of The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power not due to be released until September, some fans have been lucky enough to meet the showrunners Patrick McKay and JD Payne and access the prequel series early, and have taken to social media to share their excitement. The prequel series takes place thousands of years before the events of The Hobbit and the original series of the Lord of the Rings stories, during the Second Age of Middle-earth, before the Fellowship and even before the rings of power were ever created. Amazon bought the right to adapt the world of J. R. R. Tolkien for television all the way back in 2017 as part of a $250million (£204million) deal, and the time has finally arrived for fans to gush over what they’ve been waiting for. One fan wrote: ‘@LOTROnPrime had me and @tolkienprof to London last week to see bits of the #RingsofPower, Tolkien’s Oxford, & to meet the showrunners, who kept up with the best of us. ‘Their passion & knowledge made me feel like they were one of us, they get it. I’m feeling very optimistic!’ Another fan commented: ‘Last week, I was invited by the @LOTRonPrime folks, along with a bunch of other internet Tolkien folks, to attend an advanced screening of some footage from the #RingsofPower show and to meet the showrunners. ‘I must say: after meeting them, I feel the show is in VERY good hands,’ they wrote, before adding: ‘The makers of this show know and get Tolkien and are completely passionate about it. ‘I met them, talked to them, and asked them questions. Their answers surpassed my wildest expectations of their fandom.’ A third viewer took to TikTok to share their excitement, saying that those who are ‘looking forward to the series’ will be ‘well rewarded,’ and those ‘on the fence’ should ‘put their fears to rest’. ‘We, as Tolkien fans, are in good hands!’ he said. ‘Above and beyond, I was absolutely blown away. I cannot wait to see more – it’s just beyond words.’ While still little is known about the show that’s been in production for nearly two years, the initial commitment by Amazon was for a five-season production, estimated to be worth at least $1billion, making the show the most expensive television series ever made. The series boasts an all-star cast, including Sir Lenny Henry, Cynthia Addai-Robinson, Robert Aramayo and Maxim Baldry. The synopsis for the show was unveiled in January this year, teasing that ‘heroic legends of the fabled Second Age of Middle-earth’s history’ will be introduced. ‘This epic drama is set thousands of years before the events of J.R.R. Tolkien’s The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings, and will take viewers back to an era in which great powers were forged, kingdoms rose to glory and fell to ruin, unlikely heroes were tested, hope hung by the finest of threads, and the greatest villain that ever flowed from Tolkien’s pen threatened to cover all the world in darkness,’ the summary stated. The Lord Of The Rings: The Rings Of Power is released on Amazon Prime Video on September 2. MORE : Doctor Who: Ncuti Gatwa’s Time Lord is ‘magnificent’ says former showrunner after seeing him in action MORE : Amazon’s Lord of the Rings series could feature parts of JRR Tolkien’s The Silmarillion 