Patients’ lives are being put at risk by neglected NHS hospitals which have been allowed to fall into disrepair. A lack of investment in NHS infrastructure has led to ceilings collapsing, power cuts during occurring during operations and ‘massive’ water leaks in maternity units in hospitals across England. The number of clinical incidents linked to a failure to repair crumbling buildings and faulty equipment has tripled in the past five years, an investigation by The Times has found. Freedom of Information requests sent to NHS trusts in England by the paper have revealed dozens of cases of ceilings collapsing at hospitals over the past three years. Other incidents include an unconscious patient on a ventilator being trapped in a broken lift for 35 minutes and sewage ‘raining’ through a ceiling onto a doctor and patient while they talked. Patients have been forced to ‘sleep in hats and gloves’ due to freezing conditions on wards and one hospital suffered a ‘complete loss of water supply’ meaning there was no drinking water on wards. The poor state of the crumbling buildings, many of which date back to the Victorian era, has also led to hundreds of NHS operations and appointments being cancelled. On Saturday, April 23, a five-hour power cut at the Royal London Hospital in east London led to the cancellation of operations including two lifesaving kidney transplants. The powercut also meant women giving birth had to be transferred to different maternity units via taxis. Last year the NHS recorded 6,812 clinical service incidents related to estate and infrastructure failings, the highest figure on record and up from 2,338 in 2016-17. Jeremy Hunt, the former health secretary, said the findings of The Times’ investigation were ‘deeply concerning’. ‘Proper investment in our hospital buildings is critical to patient safety,’ he told The Times. ‘These infrastructure issues are clearly a big risk to progress on the backlog, and make already tough jobs even more difficult for NHS staff. ‘With the extra taxpayers’ money going into the system, I hope we will see a plan to tackle this problem as a matter of urgency.’ Some hospitals date back to the Victorian era while about 14% of NHS buildings pre-date the foundation of the health service in 1948. Although about 40% of day-to-day public spending goes on the Department of Health, the UK spends very little on hospital infrastructure compared with other developed nations. Recent analysis by the Health Foundation think tank found that the UK would have to double capital spending on the NHS to meet the average for other OECD nations. The lack of investment in NHS infrastructure and failure to replace equipment has led to a massive backlog in maintenance costs. Over the past five years, the estimated cost of keeping NHS buildings at an acceptable and safe level has soared from £5.5 billion to £9.2 billion. This includes £1.57 billion classified as ‘high risk’, meaning the repairs are an ‘urgent priority’ to prevent ‘catastrophic failure’, major disruption or incidents ‘liable to cause serious injury’. A Department of Health and Social Care spokesperson said: ‘Patient safety is our top priority and we are investing record sums to upgrade and modernise NHS buildings so staff have the facilities needed to provide world-class care. ‘We are investing £1.7 billion until 2025 for over 70 hospital upgrades across England, and in 2020-21 we invested a record £895 million in tackling critical infrastructure risk, which included funding for nearly 1,800 urgent maintenance projects across over 170 trusts. ‘We are also delivering the biggest hospital building programme in a generation, with a target of 48 hospitals by 2030.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.