Vic Au-Yeung, 42, wants to show that DIY home renovations are doable – even if there are challenges. Vic, from Herefordshire, has a a rare bone disorder called Klippel-Feil syndrome a well as dystonia, a chronic condition in which muscles involuntarily contract. This means that she often experiences pain and uses a wheelchair to get around. So when it came to doing up the home she shares with her husband, Shawn, and their 15-year-old daughter Jazmyn, the transformation didn’t just need to deliver on the aesthetics – it also had to work for Vic’s accessibility needs… all while sticking to a budget. The family moved into the four-bed, detached property five years ago, paying £230,000, and got to work immediately. But two years into the major project, Vic’s condition worsened, resulting in her needs for the home changing. The family’s DIY plans adapted to work for them, and now, the results are seriously impressive. Vic now estimates that their work has added £70,000 to the house’s value. In the kitchen, accessibility is at the heart of the design, with an open-plan layout, rustic-chic interiors, and greenery draping from the ceiling on to the wooden-panelled breakfast bar. Looks pretty cool, right? Spoiler: the revamp of this room took just £50 to do. ‘We started redecorating immediately as we wanted to make it into a home and put our stamp on it,’ Vic said. ‘I love the industrial and upcycled look; my coffee table in my living room is even a cable reel. ‘I also have a huge passion for plants, they have become a huge part of my decor. ‘My favourite compliment I always get is when people say they can see so much personality in my home. ‘While I’m always getting inspiration from others, I would hate for my home to look exactly the same as anyone else’s. ‘I think it makes you appreciate it more this way as we’ve put so much hard work into it.’ One tweak included adding ramps to the garden and installing a stairlift, which Vic painted black. ‘I’d been scouring a new stairlift months and just had to wait for the right one to come along,’ she said. ‘Once it did, I painted it black and, again, having that mobility aid meant freedom. ‘Not having to crawl up and down the stairs like I had for years was a real treat.’ The dining room, which cost just £20 to transform, delivers Scandi vibes with white chairs, a fluffy rug, and dark navy and gold storage units, while in Jazmyn’s room, green walls are complemented by minimalist artwork and a sweet pink stool. The parents’ bedroom has a splash of deep teal for a sumptuous feel, plus large wall art. The budget for all this was kept low thanks to a mix of the couple doing the work themselves, sourcing products and materials from Facebook Marketplace and high-street shops, and receiving donations. In her bedroom, Vic spent around £300, while her daughter’s room transformation cost £200. The living room costs were kept low with £30 on paint and some cheap eBay finds to decorate with, while the kitchen set them back £50 and the dining room cost just £20 to revamp. Vic said: ‘The only problems I’ve encountered with decorating my home is a non-existent budget. ‘With me giving up work, there hasn’t been an awful lot of cash spare to spend on our home.’ For anyone else pondering a DIY project, Vic has some words of wisdom. She said: ‘There are lots of grants available that many of us are unaware of so always ask. ‘When decorating on a budget, the best advice I can give would be to try and not compare your home to others. ‘Keep taking a step back and appreciating how far you’ve come, don’t let yourself get bogged down [about] how far you’ve still got to go. ‘Don’t be afraid to try new things when it comes to DIY. ‘Somewhere on YouTube, Pinterest, Instagram and even TikTok now, there will be instructions or tips to help you achieve what you want to do, just get stuck in. ‘The sense of achievement when you’ve done something you never thought you could is an incredible feeling.’ You can check out more of Vic’s home on the @our_home_in_kingstone Instagram. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : People share how they transformed their bathrooms on a budget using DIY MORE : Colour-lover who transformed her flat reveals her top tips for making your home more joyful MORE : Why are we in a DIY culture boom?