Jamal Edwards has been announced as the first person to posthumously receive the Music Industry Trusts (Mits) Award in recognition of his contribution to the sector. The entrepreneur, best-known for establishing music platform SBTV in 2006, helped launch the careers of some of the UK’s biggest acts, including Ed Sheeran, Dave and Jessie J. He died suddenly on February 20 at the age of 31 after suffering a heart attack at home. The Mits award will be presented to Edwards’ family on Monday November 7 at a gala ceremony at the Grosvenor House hotel in London. His mother Brenda, a panellist on popular daytime TV show Loose Women, said it was ‘humbling’ to accept the award on her son’s behalf. In a statement, she said: ‘It is very humbling for the family to be accepting this award on behalf of our beloved Jamal and we are delighted to have the Mits highlight the Jamal Edwards Self Belief Trust alongside The Brit Trust and Nordoff Robbins. ‘We know that Jamal will be looking down on us on 7th November – busting with pride that his absolute love of the music industry and giving back to the less fortunate in society has been recognised in this way. Thank you Mits!’ Previous honourees for the prestigious award include massive names in music including Annie Lennox, Kylie Minogue, Sir Elton John and Bernie Taupin, Atlantic Records co-founder Ahmet Ertegun and Glastonbury Festival founder Michael Eavis. Money raised by the event will go to the Brit Trust, Nordoff Robbins and The Jamal Edwards Self Belief Trust, a charity set up by his family in 2022 to honour his memory and continue his work in combating homelessness, supporting people with mental health issues and providing young people with ‘essential life skills’. Musician Sheeran, a close friend of Edwards who has described him as being like his brother, paid tribute to the entrepreneur amid the news of the posthumous honour. Sheeran said: ‘Jamal changed my life. ‘He played such a huge part in shaping the trajectory of my career as well, but I would not be where I am now without him. ‘Jamal’s sharp knowledge, unwavering optimism and willingness to help others whatever the cost meant he changed the lives and careers of so many, not just people in music, and there’s no-one more deserving of a Mits Award recognising his place in this industry.” Toby Leighton-Pope, co-chairman of the Mits Award committee, said the 31-year-old had ‘changed the face of the music industry’. Despite Edwards’ short life, Leighton-Pope said, Edwards’ achievements ‘could be on par with someone 60 years into the business.’ He went on: ‘His influence on the music scene as it is today should never be underestimated, just look at some of the UK’s biggest artists, tours and hits today, and Jamal will have played a part in some way.’ Co-chairman Dan Chalmers added: ‘Jamal Edwards was a visionary. He saw a brilliantly creative way to promote new music on a platform and he went for it. ‘When he founded SBTV over 15 years ago he was ahead of his time and he forced open the doors into the industry for the talented artists that deserved to be seen.’ As well as the Mits award, Edwards has also been recognised as an ambassador for the Prince’s Trust, a charity headed up by the Prince of Wales, and in 2014 was awarded an MBE for his services to music. Mum Brenda returned to Loose Women last month after taking time off following the shocking loss of her son. In an interview before her return to the show, she told co-star Coleen Nolan she was with Edwards when he died. ‘I was with him. His sister was with us. We were all at home. ‘It was sudden and it was unexpected and he went into a cardiac arrest and he passed with me holding his hand,’ she said. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brenda Edwards confirms return to Loose Women following son Jamal Edwards’ death MORE : SBTV pays tribute to Jamal Edwards after founder’s sudden death aged 31: ‘He left a great void in our lives’ 