As the days are getting longer and summer creeps over the horizon, many of us are thinking about getting into our fitness routines to keep us sane over the coming months. But maintaining a routine is easier when you have the right gear to put a spring in your step and launch you out the door. So here is the best fitness gear of summer 2022, and some natural alternatives to everyday products that will keep you feeling amazing. If an e-bike is calling, Momentum has the Transend E+ for urban riders. Engineered for the streets thanks to a Smart Assist function, which detects riding style and terrain and responds in kind, it has speeds of up to 25 kilometres per hour with one charge lasting around 180 kilometres. Buy it for £2,899 from Momentum biking. Want your festival with a side of adventure? From June 30-July 3, the Love Trails Festival offers trail running adventures, trips to the beach, wellness and adventure activities, talks, food and music, on the Gower Peninsula in Wales. Buy tickets from £179 p/p for four nights camping from Love Trails Festival. Check out fashion retailer Revolve’s new in-house activewear brand. The WellBeing + BeingWell collection includes 40+ pieces of functional clothing made from a diverse range of fabrics to suit all activities. Items are super-cute and come in delectable spring hues. Buy items for £55 from Revolve. Davy J is a sustainable British swimwear brand known for its recycled fabrics, flattering cuts and supporting shapes – think control pants for swimwear. The brand recently added three neoprene-free watersuits (1mm thick) to its range. Buy the Reversible Long Sleeve Suit for £160 from Davy J. Got to love Lucy Bee, her latest creation are these SPF 30 Face Serum Drops, which are high in UVA and UVB protection, act as a primer for make-up and contain hyaluronic acid to improves skin elasticity. Buy it for £22.50 from Lucy Bee. Vuori create performance apparel powered by nature. The brand boasts ethical manufacturing and sustainability, and the fuss-free clothing is functional, durable and comfortable. Buy items from £35 at Vuori Clothing. Giving Peloton a run for its money, Fiit has released an at-home treadmill package. It comes with an AssaultRunner and access to Fiit’s library of 30+ (and growing) interactive treadmill workouts. Get the Fiit Runner package from £3,499 (includes AssaultRunner, mat, 2x HEX dumbbells, Fiit Tracker and hoody) and the Fiit Monthly subscription from £10 per month at Fiit TV. Banish chemical-laden toothpastes by using Amaku Tooth Tablets. The core ingredients are natural minerals and nano-hydroxyapatite (a form of calcium) which work to clean, strengthen and whiten tooth enamel. Simply crush and brush. Buy it for £9.50 (one month supply) from Amaku. It’s camping season, so ensure you’re prepared for all eventualities with Go Camping. Filled with hacks, recipes, wild camping advice and bushcraft basics, this is surely a must-have for summer. Buy it for £14.99 from Summersdale. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best fitness technology buys of 2022 MORE : How to breathe better when you’re running MORE : Fitness influencer Stef Williams reveals her top exercises for legs, bums and tums This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives.