Two stars of the US version of The Office have revealed that one of the show’s hilarious episodes actually involved the cast’s lives being at risk behind the scenes – and we’re floored. Almost a decade after the sitcom came to an end, the show remains one of the most quotable and side-splitting comedies on TV. However, it wasn’t all fun and games behind the scenes, even on an episode as chaotic as ‘Work Bus’ in season nine, when the characters take on the challenge of converting their office onto a bus at the suggestion of Jim (John Krasinski). During filming, there were 14 actors, four crew members and plenty of furnishings on the vehicle in question, which would have made for extremely cramped working conditions. What’s more, Jenna Fischer, who played Pam, revealed that ‘the entire cast’ were ‘almost killed’ twice. Yep, you read that right. In a new book written by Jenna and her co-star Angela Kinsey called The Office BFFs, who co-host the podcast The Office Ladies, the actors recollect the peculiar series of events that went down on the episode directed by Breaking Bad star Bryan Cranston and nicknamed ‘Death Bus’. Angela, who played her character of the same name on The Office, said: ‘It was a very hot day and whenever we started filming, the air-conditioning on the bus had to be turned off because it was too noisy. We were basically in a moving hot tin can with no air.’ While at that time, ‘the heat and the nausea’ were the biggest concerns, things apparently only got worse. There was a moment in the episode where Dwight (Rainn Wilson) was supposed to drive ‘like a maniac’, but it was decided that it didn’t look ‘authentic’ enough while the vehicle was attached to a rig. They were in the middle of the scene when the stunt driver had to swerve, as Angela recollected: ‘What no one had considered when they told this stunt driver to swerve as hard as he could without flipping the bus over was that none of our office furniture, props, or set decorations were securely tied down.’ The actress remembered being ‘smushed up against the side of the bus’, with several people falling on the floor and props falling on them. However, that wasn’t the end of the chaos that was to come, as revealed in the excerpts obtained by Mashable. Jenna wrote that a portable air-conditioning unit was placed behind the bus, with a hose feeding through the sunroof… but soon they noticed a ‘funny smell’. ‘We began debating whether the bus smelled funny. Then our camera operator spoke up. She didn’t feel well. She stumbled and set down her camera,’ she said. The actress explained that it turned out the hose was right next to the bus’ exhaust pipe, meaning that the hose ‘was sucking in exhaust and blowing it straight into the sunroof of the bus’. ‘We were all being slowly poisoned. Or not so slowly, actually,’ she added. Angela added that they felt bad for director Bryan, who only ever directed that one episode of The Office. Metro.co.uk has contacted NBC for comment. The Office US is available to watch on Netflix and Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Gervais stirs pot with alopecia joke from The Office in response to Will Smith hitting Chris Rock at Oscars 2022 MORE : The Office US: Kevin Malone’s famous chili recipe revealed – and we can’t believe we didn’t notice it before 