Fans of the weird and wonderful horror movie Midsommar will be pleased to know that Florence Pugh and Will Poulter are still close friends, as the two were spotted having a blast on holiday in Ibiza. The actors, who starred alongside each other in Ari Aster’s critically acclaimed 2019 movie, are currently enjoying a sun-kissed getaway with a group of friends on the Spanish party island. They were pictured having a frolic in the sea this week and laughed and joked around as they swam around with friends. Florence, whose boyfriend Zach Braff appears to have skipped the holiday, wore a pretty pastel blue two-piece bikini while Will showed off the results of his recent body transformation wearing a pair of long swim shorts with his torso on show. It’s believed the pair jetted over to Ibiza to attend the opening of the Standard Hotel, while also celebrating the birthday of their mutual friend Harris Reed. Fans are speculating about the status of Florence and Zach’s relationship in light of his absence from the trip. Florence, 25, and Will, 29, struck up a friendship while filming trippy folk horror Midsommar, which has been billed as one of the best releases in the genre in recent years. It follows Dani (Pugh) who is dealing with psychological trauma following a family incident that affects her relationship with boyfriend Christian (Jack Reynor). Along with Christian and his friends, including Mark (Poulter), they take a supposedly healing trip to one of the group’s ancestral communes in Sweden but it changes their lives forever. Florence, who will next star in Don’t Worry Darling alongside Harry Styles, previously opened up about her relationship with Scrubs star Zach, 47, and the ‘bullying’ she’s received over their 21-year age gap. The couple have been dating since 2019 and Florence has been subjected to trolling over her choice of partner. ‘It’s so weird to me to go on to someone’s page and sh*t on it,’ she told The Sunday Times in July 2021. She added: ‘I think it bugs people that it’s not who they expected. ‘But it’s my life, and I’m not doing anything to please people or to make it a better headline or story. I want to also be a person.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Will and Florence’s reps for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp fan removed from court after claiming Pirates of the Caribbean star is ‘father of her baby’ in bizarre outburst MORE : Piers Morgan applauds Ricky Gervais after Netflix special Supernature is blasted for ‘ignorant and transphobic’ jokes 