As you get older, family questions shift from ‘what subjects are you doing at school?’ to ‘when are you settling down, getting married, and having babies?’ The pressure to procreate reaches fever pitch in your twenties and thirties, with women bearing most of the brunt of societal expectation. But no one is safe from the judgement. Although conversations around starting a family are often directed towards women, men are dealing with these same dilemmas. We spoke to five different men from around the UK about how they’re grappling with the question; to parent or not to parent? Conor is at an age when people around him are starting to have children, but he’s not sure what he wants. He tells Metro.co.uk: ‘When I was younger I thought I’d definitely want children and always seemed like I would in my mind, however the older I’ve got the less it’s seemed like something I want to do. Especially with me not being in a relationship. I don’t really see it happening now – but wouldn’t rule it out. ‘I’ve personally never felt any pressure, but it has become more of a talking point in general between people my age with us all being around 25 now and some people do find it strange I don’t see myself having them ‘It’s definitely a lot easier for me to wait as I don’t think there’s much stigma attached to when a man becomes a father as supposed to a woman. I feel like society deems women getting almost too old for kids once they reach 30. ‘I would say to anyone not to force it as a child isn’t something to be taken lightly, I feel like everyone should put a lot more thought into whether or not they think they are ready – or will ever be ready – to raise a child.’ Andy is a self-described ‘geriatric’ dad who had his first child at 41. During his first marriage, both Andy and his partner were indifferent about children, but after they split, he decided to revisit the idea. Now a dad of three (with two daughters aged two and four and a stepson aged 12) after meeting now-wife Sophie, he says it’s never too late to give fatherhood a go. Andy tells Metro.co.uk: ‘In October 2015, in my late 30s, I was running an neuro-linguistic programming training course for a group where we looked at my values around finding the right partner and I realised that having a family was important to me. I still have the post-its from the exercise we did.’ Despite not feeling pressured to have kids in his 20s, Andy said this ramped up as he got older: ‘In my late 30s and then when I met Sophie, who is a similar age to me, there was more pressure to have children while we were still young enough to enjoy life. ‘She is a doula (birth partner), coach and hypnobirthing teacher so babies play a large part in our life. ‘Also, I lost my dad to Parkinson’s and dementia at the age of 63, so the pressure that I’m only 18 years from that age and wanting to be as well and functional as possible so I can be there for them (as mine were for me) was also part of the drive to have them before it was too late. ‘I do wish I’d had them 10 years earlier, but I wasn’t with the right person or in the right place then. I’m content we have the three kids here now.’ If he were to give advice for other men on the fence about having children, Andy says: ‘Get support, speak with other friends who are parents about the reality of having children. ‘It’s relentless, you have someone in your life who needs your support 24/7 in some form. It’s also amazing and breathtaking and fulfilling as they grow and become their own person. ‘One thing that has shifted to an even deeper level is the love I have for my mum and dad, knowing now what they had to do every hour of each day, from clearing up of wee, poo and sick and changing of beds, to drawing relentless doodles to one too many episodes of their favourite TV show. But they hug you tight and look into your soul and all is ok. ‘But do it because you want to. Not society, not your partner… this is a lifelong decision and one that will change everything.’ Patrick is currently on the fence about fatherhood, working through the issue alongside his long-term partner. He told Metro.co.uk: ‘I’m not sure if I want to have kids. I know that I want to want to have kids. I also know that it’s the biggest commitment you can make in life, and it is hard when you see your friends and people your age doing what everyone expects of them with apparent ease. ‘I’m with my perfect partner and it’s disheartening when you can’t get fully excited about – and commit to – children. ‘I worry if I’m actually cut out to be a father. Throughout my teenage years and early adulthood I was convinced I didn’t want children. Then as I’ve gotten older I naturally see things a bit differently – but I’m still yet to have that eureka moment I’m hoping for. ‘Money is another obvious worry. I’m 32 and in what feels like a real transitional phase of my life. It’s a feeling everyone will know, but the pressure of seeing people your age getting married, having children, and buying homes is a constant stress and reminder you’re not doing it right. ‘Also I just don’t currently have any paternal instincts. I feel like I’ve still got a bit of work to do on myself before I’d be ready to be a dad.’ As for the pressure he’s experienced while coming to the decision, Patrick says: ‘It’s as if you reach a certain age or point in your life and then marriage, children, and homeownership become the number one topics of conversation. ‘It’s understandable, and I know I’ve certainly asked these questions before, but it’s definitely something I try to avoid asking now. ‘I still get the feeling choosing to not have children, or being unsure about it, is considered wrong or weird. And then the biggest pressure is, of course, time.’ James has never wanted children, nor does his wife, 33. He tells Metro.co.uk: ‘We decided very early on in our relationship that neither of us were interested in having children as we had different priorities.  We’re now nearly a decade in, and still happy with our choices. ‘It’s not a dislike of children (I have a niece and nephew I adore), just that we want to do other things with our lives.’ ‘For a while I felt pressured, but from societal expectations rather than family. It was almost the default, that everyone must want children and therefore I must too to be “successful” in life.’ Asked whether he thinks it’s easier to be a man without children, he adds: ‘Very much so. My wife gets asked about children on occasion, both by people in general and occasionally by medical professionals. ‘I’ve never been questioned about my decision not to have them, and certainly never been judged that I can recall.’ At 26, Drew is feeling the pressure to settle down and have kids, but isn’t taking the decision lightly. He tells us: ‘I’m undecided, but after a weekend with my nieces I’m probably leaning more towards yes than no. ‘It just kind of changes day to day to be honest, and it’s not something I think about a lot – it just happens on odd days when you see a really cute kid and you’re feeling super broody. ‘I feel pressure as I get older, and think that’s probably cultural and from my parents. I think it’s quite interesting, actually, because my pops had a cancer scare. I think they became more cognisant of the shortness of life and I think now they are looking forward to having grandchildren. ‘From a selfish point of view it’s easier to be child-free, and I think is better to be in a good financial situation before having kids. This is my experience from having parents who weren’t so settled in their career, so they had to work really, really hard while raising children. And it’s expensive and time consuming. ‘Whereas I know some people have had children older and they’re more at their financial peak. So they’re able to spend more quality time with their children.’ Drew adds that his advice to those unsure whether to have kids is to make the decision on your own terms. He says: ‘Don’t worry about whether your friends are, like everyone’s on a journey and there’s no rush. ‘And remember that anything in life worth having is difficult. So I would say always look at your life, try to imagine life 10 years. ‘I remember one time I knocked at a guy’s house while working and he had no children – all alone. And I think having a family as you get older is lovely, but again, that’s not a reason to have children, just to avoid loneliness. ‘If you want children because you genuinely love children and want something to care for or want to continue legacy or whatever, make sure it’s because you want to do it and not because of the pressures of outside. ‘Look at how you are now, then look at how it is in 10 years and 15 years and wonder if that future self would like to have family.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Experts share five tips for overcoming driving anxiety MORE : Lush launches scented candles – including one to help you sleep