The Texas gunman was killed by an elite border patrol agent who didn’t wait for backup before running into Robb Elementary school. ‘Bullied’ Salvador Ramos, 18, used a legally bought rifle to murder two teachers and at least 19 children aged seven to 11 – the worst US school shooting for nearly a decade. He shot and injured his grandmother before fleeing and crashing his car near the primary school in Uvalde, a small town near the Mexican border. Ramos exchanged gunfire with two local cops after the crash, shooting both, before running into the school with his AR-15-style rifle and wearing an all-black outfit and body armour. He then began his bloody rampage at 11.30am local time, opening fire on classrooms filled with children. Dozens of other children could have been slaughtered but he was stopped by the border patrol agent who happened to be working nearby. He rushed into the school alone and shot Ramos dead as the teenager hid behind a barricade. The agent was wounded but able to walk out of the school, a police source told the Associated Press. Children slowly emerged from the school under police escort an hour later as family members rushed to scene, desperate for news. The vast majority of Robb Elementary’s pupils are Hispanic and had just two days of term left before the summer holiday. Little is currently known about Ramos and what motivated him to slaughter innocent children, but his Instagram account has given some clues.   He posted photos of guns, which he bought legally on his 18th birthday, according to state senator Roland Gutierrez. ‘It was the first thing he did when he turned 18,’ senator Gutierrez said. In the early hours of Tuesday, Ramos messaged a woman he knew ‘I’m about to’. She asked ‘about to what’ to which he answered: ‘I’ll tell you before 11.’ He said he would message her soon but he never told her his secret. The Uvalde massacre was the deadliest primary school shooting since Sandy Hook in 2012, when 20 children and six staff were killed in Connecticut. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.