The Bank branch of the Northern Line will reopen next week after a seventeen-week closure. Works on the busy tube line have left tens of thousands of customers reliant on bus replacement services and caused disruption for commuters since January. Transport for London has been carrying out a major £700m package of renovations between Kennington and Moorgate designed to boost capacity around the capital’s financial centre. Now city transport bosses have confirmed the line will be fully up and running in time for rush hour next Monday. Bank station has been decked out with a wider southbound Northern line platform and a brand new concourse. New tunnels will connect the famously sprawling station, making it quicker and easier to navigate. Work has also been carried out at London Bridge, Borough and Elephant & Castle during the shutdown. Although some renovations will be ongoing for several more months, all Northern line services will operate at all stations on the branch from next week. According to TfL, the work will increase the busy station’s capacity by 40% when upgrades are fully completed by the end of the year. The last day of service for the Route 733 bus, which was introduced specifically for the Bank branch closure period, will be on May 13. Step-free access at Bank, improved access to DLR platforms, two new moving walkways and improved escalators and lifts are yet to come. TfL is also continuing to work on further routes around Bank station and installing a new entrance on Cannon Street. Chief capital officer Stuart Harvey said the transformation of Bank station deals with the ‘labyrinthian layout’ of the busy city interchange. He continued: ‘I’m delighted to confirm that we’re on schedule to fully reopen the Northern line on May 16 after successfully completing the challenging next phase of vital upgrade works at Bank station. ‘I’d like to thank our customers for their patience during this closure ‘Northern line customers now have a new, wider southbound platform and spacious customer concourse. ‘The countdown is on for completing the rest of this major upgrade which is one of the largest and most complicated subterranean railway complexes in the world.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.