A retired police officer was killed after trapping his head between the rails and mattress of his hospital bed in an ‘avoidable accident’, a coroner has concluded. Max Dingle, 83, suffered a cardiac arrest and died 15 minutes after he was discovered at the Royal Shrewsbury Hospital on May 3, 2020. Senior coroner John Ellery found medical staff did not attempt to resuscitate the pensioner despite him having a pulse and electing for life-saving intervention. Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust was fined £1,333,334 earlier this month for failing to provide safe care to Mr Dingle and another patient, whose case is not linked. Mr Ellery said the Welsh pensioner, from Newtown, was admitted to hospital with ‘shortness of breath’ a week earlier on April 27. His medical history showed he suffered with a heart condition, lymphoedema and sleep apnoea. The coroner said an initial post-mortem gave the cause of death as heart disease ‘and did not consider the entrapment’ as a cause. But Mr Dingle’s son Phil ‘did not accept’ those findings and commissioned pathologist Johan Duflou to review the findings. Prof Duflou gave a cause of death of ‘entrapment with positional asphyxiation’. After comparing their findings, both pathologists agreed ‘entrapment did play a significant part in the cause of death’, Mr Ellery said. An inquest was opened and adjourned while separate criminal proceedings against the NHS trust were carried out by the CQC. The criminal inquiry ended this month after the trust admitted failings. Concluding the inquest, Mr Ellery said: ‘Based on all the evidence, the conclusions of this inquest are Mr Dingle’s death was an avoidable accident.’ In a statement, Mr Dingle’s son Phil said: ‘I am grateful for the support of the CQC and the coroner throughout this process – and that justice has finally been served. ‘I find it incredible a hospital is allowed to self-investigate a death which is deemed a serious incident and unexpected death and come to an unbiased conclusion. ‘It is my understanding that it is the responsibility of the police to investigate deaths, not hospitals. ‘There are still a number of unanswered questions; why my father was not resuscitated in the 15 minutes after he was found, why the hospital did not disclose the full timeline of my father’s death to the pathologist. ‘These and more I will be referring to the hospital. My father always sought the truth and I am glad the truth came out today.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.