Johnny Depp still hasn’t flown back to the US to await the verdict in his libel trial against Amber Heard, as he appeared on stage in the UK for a second night. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor performed at Jeff Beck’s show at London’s Royal Albert Hall on Monday after joining the musician at his gig in Sheffield the previous evening. Photos have emerged of Depp, 58, strumming his electric guitar and singing into the microphone during his second unannounced appearance. At the end of the show, he was seen smiling and clapping towards the audience. On Sunday, he performed alongside Beck at Sheffield City Hall much to the surprise of audience members who weren’t expecting him to pop up on the UK tour. During the show, Depp and Beck sang their 2020 song Isolation, a remake of John Lennon’s 1970 hit. The Edward Scissorhands actor, who is also part of the band Hollywood Vampires with Alice Cooper and Joe Perry, also performed a couple of other covers, with he and Beck rocking out to Marvin Gay’s What’s Going On and Jimi Hendrix’s Little Wing. Many expected Depp to remain in Fairfax, Virginia where the bombshell libel trial has played out for more than a month, and where a verdict is imminent. Depp is suing ex-wife Heard over a 2018 article she wrote for The Washington Post, in which she detailed her experience of domestic abuse. While the op-ed didn’t name Depp, the actor’s legal team argued that it suggested he was physically and sexually abusive towards her during their marriage. Heard is counter-suing Depp for $100million (£79m). On Friday both sides gave their closing statements, urging jurors to consider other victims of domestic abuse. The jury is now deliberating on the case, which began on April 11, and will resume on Tuesday after which a verdict could be expected at any time. The jury did not reconvene on Monday as it is Memorial Day, a bank holiday, in the US. During the trial, which featured testimony from the likes of Kate Moss and the Warner Bros. studio boss as star witnesses for Depp, the actor vehemently denied abusing Heard during their year-long marriage, which ended in 2017. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson hold hands as they randomly pop up in London for date night after kissing videos MORE : Britain’s Got Talent semi-finals: Busker Maxwell Thorpe and ventriloquist Jamie Leahey sail through to final 