Regencycore has remained all the rage thanks to a little show called Bridgerton. It’s not hard to see why either – from the ornate sets to the deeply chic costumes, there’s lots to love about the fashion of the period. If you’re looking for a way to add a bit more opulence to your surroundings, incorporating a little of the aesthetic into your garden can go a long way. That’s why Hayes Garden World’s Gardening expert, Angela Slater, is here to help with her expert tips on what Regency gardens really looked like. ‘When we think of the Regency period,’ she explained, ‘we immediately think of the Jane Austin novels which are filled with hidden meanings and the subtle nuances of a glance or a posy of flowers.‘The classic architecture with its pleasing symmetry is synonymous with this period, this becomes translated into the garden where wide paths and herbaceous borders framing the house replaced the formal lawns. ‘Paths started to be constructed from gravel to protect ladies’ dress hems and dainty satin shoes, replacing the often wet muddy grass and woodland paths we saw previously. ‘High hedges framing herbaceous borders and separating the garden rooms became popular, and they also gave a degree of privacy where a young couple could conduct their romance away from prying eyes, something which was frowned upon indoors and governed by strict rules. ‘Humphry Repton was at the forefront of this new garden renaissance; he discarded the lawns and embraced the idea of “garden rooms” by planting thickets, shrubs and herbaceous borders. This led to hidden areas where you meandered around the garden instead of viewing the whole in one panoramic vista.’ If you don’t have the room for rows upon rows of hedges and herbaceous borders, you can try incorporating some Regency-esque furniture – from gazebos to a cute little table and chairs. ‘Garden structures became fashionable and varied from follies clad in climbers, particularly wisteria, to gazebos and striped canvas canopies where one could enjoy afternoon tea at leisure,’ said Angela, who has a degree in conservation and land management. ‘Afternoon tea on the lawn was particularly important with tables and chairs being brought out of the house. ‘The table, of course, was dressed in a white cloth with bone China crockery, silver cutlery and vases of flowers, where guests dined on dainty sandwiches, cakes and hot toasted muffins. ‘If garden furniture was used it would be elaborate wrought iron and was placed around the garden at various points where one could pause and admire the vista.’ Finally, as any detail-oriented Bridgerton fan will tell you, flowers play a major part in the show’s romantic aesthetic, so getting the right blooms for your garden will be essential. ‘Sumptuous herbaceous borders became fashionable,’ said Angela, ‘as did placing large elaborate floral arrangements in follies. ‘Flowers were romantic or dainty, so think old-fashioned roses, lilac, cornflowers, hollyhocks, pinks, sweet Williams and small daisies. ‘The language of flowers was extremely important as it said things that a suitor was unable to express directly. ‘Myrtle signified love and marriage, violets faithfulness, lily purity, and morning glory affection. The giving of a posy was hugely significant.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Bridgerton inspired accessories to give your outfits a touch of Regency elegance MORE : Artist makes incredible Regency era inspired outfits entirely out of paper and thread MORE : Can you really die from a bee sting like Anthony Bridgerton’s father?