Gabriel Jesus has settled on his priority as he contemplates his next club having decided to leave Manchester City this summer. The 25-year-old has played a key role in the champions’ march towards defending their Premier League crown this season and has been an increasingly prominent figure in recent weeks. Having played second fiddle to Sergio Aguero for much of his time at City, however, Jesus is unwilling to fill a similar role once Erling Haaland joins from Borussia Dortmund. With just over a year remaining on his current contract, City will not stand in the way of the Brazil international should he, as expected, confirm his intention to leave at the end of the campign. Pep Guardiola wants to keep the former Palmeiras striker but is sympathetic towards his situation.  City are said to value Jesus at £55million, a price Arsenal are reported to have baulked at, but fresh talks are set to take place this weekend, according to Goal Brazil. Arsenal’s likely failure to qualify for the Champions League could represent a stumbling block to any deal, but Jesus’ priority is to join a club at which he is likely to be a guaranteed starter. With the Gunners having lost Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in January, Jesus would have little competition for a place at the Emirates Stadium, especially if both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah leave, as expected, on free transfers. Speaking earlier this month Jesus’ agent, Marcelo Pettinati, confirmed he had held talks with Arsenal and his client was impressed with the project Mikel Arteta has committed to. ‘We had discussions with Arsenal about Gabriel Jesus and yes, we like the project,’ Pettinati told Fabrizio Romano. ‘It’s a serious possibility so we’re discussing. ‘There are six more clubs interested in Gabriel Jesus, he’s now focused on final games with Manchester City, then we’ll see what happens.’ MORE : Marquinhos arrives in London as Arsenal close in on first signing of summer transfer window MORE : Paul Merson sends major transfer warning to Arsenal ahead of final day battle for Champions League qualification For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 