The topic of flexible working is in the headlines once again, after Boris Johnson and Richard Madeley have insisted people are more productive in the office – despite numerous studies proving otherwise. But new research from LinkedIn has found that there could be problems down the line for bosses who are still reluctant to offer it. Their research found that 52% of women surveyed said they’ve considered leaving, or have already left a role, due to a lack of flexibility. It seems almost a quarter of women (23%) say they are more likely to leave their position since employers have started enforcing a return to the office. As a result, LinkedIn predict we could be in for a mass ‘flexidus’ among women in the UK workforce. Digging a little deeper into the research, it’s ‘back to office’ policies that are causing issues – with longer days and commuting taking up valuable time. Particularly, with two in five (39%) UK professionals saying that they are now expected in the office four or five days per week. As a result of this shift, two in five female workers (37%) say they feel like progress made on flexible working during the pandemic is being lost. And a third of women polled said that working more flexibly would improve their mental health. Almost half (46%) also stressed that they felt there was still a stigma attached to flexible working. What’s more, it seems a lack of flexible working is having an impact on women’s careers. Of those who said they had to leave a job because of a lack of flexible working, 21% stated their career progression has been held back, and 25% said they decided to take a career break. And, of those polled, three times more women (21%) than men (7%) said that they had had to choose between their career and childcare. Charlotte Davies, a career expert at LinkedIn, said: ‘Businesses have made real progress in recent years when it comes to flexible working. But our research shows women want to work flexibly based on their own needs rather than the policies set by their employers.’ Off the back of the research, LinkedIn is launching a series of initiatives to help break biases around career flexibility and is offering free courses to help support flexibility and inclusivity in the workplace. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Everything felt meaningless’: How working longer hours takes a toll on your health MORE : The Big Happiness Interview: John Williams on how to find work that makes you happy MORE : Office housework: Why women are shouldering the burden of non-promotable tasks in the workplace