England fast bowler Jofra Archer has been ruled out for the rest of the season after being diagnosed with a stress fracture to the lower back. The 27-year-old has been blighted by injury problems since making an impressive start to his international career and helping England win the World Cup in 2019. Archer, who has not played for England since March 2021, underwent two elbow operations last year. Earlier this month, Archer said he felt confident he was finally in a position to revive his career and put the injury issues behind him. But a stress fracture to the lower back has ruled Archer out for the rest of the season and raised fresh concerns over his future in international cricket. The England and Wales Cricket Board said in a statement: ‘No timeframe has been set for Jofra’s return. ‘A management plan will be determined following further specialist opinion over the coming days.’ Barbados-born Archer enjoyed a superb start to his England career after being fast-tracked into the side ahead of the 2019 World Cup. The seamer was one of England’s most important players as they won the 50-over tournament on home soil and then impressed in the Ashes, most notably causing Steve Smith concussion during a fierce spell at Lord’s. Archer took 42 wickets in 13 Tests before an elbow injury halted his progress but the Sussex star felt he was in a position to return to cricket later this month in the T20 Blast. He was ‘absolutely confident’ that his rehabilitation had gone well but a back problem has ruled him out for the 2022 season, ensuring he will not feature for England in any format or play for Sussex. Archer, who was also due to make his debut in The Hundred this summer for Southern Brave, looks set to miss the T20 World Cup later in the year. In February, Archer was signed by Indian Premier League franchise Mumbai Indians for £783,000, even though he was not due to play in this season’s tournament. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 