Frank Lampard has warned Arsenal and Newcastle United that he is desperate to keep hold of Everton striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin and says those type of players ‘cost a lot of money’. Both Arsenal and Newcastle have expressed interest in signing Calvert-Lewin, who has scored 56 goals in 188 appearances for the Toffees. While injuries have limited the 25-year-old to just 15 Premier League appearances this season, Arsenal believe Calvert-Lewin has all the attributes to lead their attack and replace Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who left the Emirates to join Barcelona in January. Mikel Arteta wanted to bolster his attacking options during the winter window and the need to sign a new striker will be even greater this summer as both Alexandre Lacazette and Eddie Nketiah are expected to leave when their contracts expire at the end of the season. Newcastle, meanwhile, view Calvert-Lewin as an ideal target as they look to build a squad capable of climbing up the Premier League following last year’s Saudi-backed takeover. Lampard has no intention of letting the striker leave, however, and insists he is ‘not worried’ about Calvert-Lewin’s future despite the interest from Arsenal and Newcastle. ‘He is a fantastic striker, the pedigree of striker that there aren’t many around,’ the Everton manager said. ‘It’s been unfortunate for me, I think, that I haven’t had him fit. ‘He’s had little moments but we know that strikers – particularly out of any position – need runs of games and fitness and confidence. ‘We’ve never been able to get that for Dominic to be fair to him. But yeah, he’s a huge player, they are not very common. He is contracted to us, three years left on his contract, and I want to take this club forward and players like Dominic help that. ‘I know he hasn’t been playing at the minute because he’s been getting fit, but now he’s fit, so hopefully he will contribute in the last few games for starters and then he’s our player. ‘He’s a player that would be wanted by clubs because of the level of player he is. There are not many strikers out there, they cost a lot of money. I’m not worried about him at all.’ Calvert-Lewin began featuring more regularly for England before his injury issues and has scored four goals in 11 appearances for the Three Lions. Everton will take another big step to securing safety if they beat Brentford on Sunday. The Toffees dropped into the relegation zone last month but have climbed to 16th after picking up points in four of their last five games. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 