A vibrant new portrait of the Queen has been unveiled on Tatler’s Platinum Jubilee July issue. The colourful portraits shows the Queen wearing a green and blue floral dress and the sash and star of the Order of the Garter and was specially commissioned by Nigerian artist Oluwole Omofemi. The new work will go on public display at Sotheby’s in London as part of the auction house’s Jubilee Season. The cover is based on a photograph of the Queen taken in 1955, shortly before her 1956 tour of Nigeria. Omofemi called the work ‘the most important project of my life so far’. ‘Growing up, I heard a lot of good things about the Queen and how impactful she is – not just in the United Kingdom but to the Commonwealth and all over the world… She was so young and yet she had already undertaken so much,’ he told Tatler. Tatler Editor Richard Dennen said: ‘To honour the Queen’s global status, I wanted to commission a young Commonwealth artist to create a new portrait of Her Majesty for the cover of our special Platinum Jubilee issue. ‘It was England rugby player and art connoisseur Maro Itoje who introduced me to Oluwole Omofemi, a young artist based in south Nigeria, whose bold and unique style I knew immediately would lend itself to this historic moment.’ The piece will be displayed as part of Sotheby’s exhibition ‘Power & Image: Royal Portraiture & Iconography’ from 28 May to 15 June in London. Omofemi’s painting will sit alongside portraits of each of the seven queens regnant of Britain, including the iconic Armada Portrait of Elizabeth I, on loan from the Woburn Abbey collection. The work will also form the centrepiece of Tatler’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration, taking place at Sotheby’s on Tuesday 31 May, co-hosted by Richard Dennen, Maro Itoje and Bridgerton star Golda Rosheuvel. Elsewhere in the special collector’s edition of the magazine, Robert Hardman takes a behind the scenes look at Her Majesty’s globe crossing royal tours, Sathnam Sanghera explores the reckoning of Britain’s colonial past and Wesley Kerr discusses the future of the Commonwealth. The July issue of Tatler is on sale from Thursday 26 May. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.