Happy weekend, folks. Now is a perfect time to take a moment to plan for the week ahead, and further yet. We’ve used astrology to give you some excellent advice. Don’t be afraid of taking on power and authority, Cancer. Make sure you can stave off the pressure, Pisces. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 14, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Hit a few obstacles? If so, it could lead to a turning point and an important decision, Aries. You may be at the point of giving up on something, but a friend’s confident words might be all it takes to encourage you onward. If you experience a dip in energy, try to pace yourself. Instead of focusing on how much there is to do, think about how amazing it will be when you get this done. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 You may be at a disadvantage if you feel powerless to change a situation that needs to shift. Even though this issue is coming to a head, you might have a much firmer grip on it than you think, and be capable of handling it. Don’t listen to the advice of a friend. It’s not because they can’t be trusted, but because they could get the wrong end of the stick, and make things worse for you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 You may be trying hard to live up to someone’s expectations, and the more you try, the more difficult it becomes, Gemini. Perhaps you should forget about them, and try to focus on what you expect of yourself. The Sun/Saturn angle could coincide with a dip in confidence, which you really don’t need. Instead, listen to your friends when they compliment you. They are spot on! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 It’s an important time, as the decisions you make could have far-reaching results. Don’t be afraid to take on someone who is in a position of power, or to say yes to more responsibility. Nothing and no one can stop you if you really want success. Mind, you do need to be practical too. If you set your sights too high, that might be embarrassing. Stretch yourself, but don’t stress yourself. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may be feeling very pleased with your progress, which is why you shouldn’t pay any attention to what others say, especially if they are trying to get you down. There’s a reason you are flying high Leo, and it’s not just because you are the best person for the job, but also because you have plenty of personality. This combination is a winning one that can’t be denied. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Feel frustrated by someone? The Sun’s angle with Saturn won’t help, Virgo. If they won’t co-operate, what will you do? You may need to use some clever tactics if you want a result. The Sun also links with Neptune, which is a softer and more compassionate energy. Try putting yourself in their shoes, as you’ll understand where they’re coming from and can turn things around. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Sun’s angle with Saturn contrasts other buoyant influences, making it easier to see what’s possible and what’s not. Your natural optimism will be tempered by a desire to get material results. If you want something to work out well, then you know you need to put in the hard work. You also need confidence. Feedback from others will give you plenty to fuel your self-belief. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You’ll find it easier to work with family or friends to get the outcome you want. The best teams aren’t always made up of people who get along, but of those who share a passionate interest in the outcome they’re working towards. Aside from this, the Sun’s tie to Neptune, encourages you to use your imagination. It will add sparkle to whatever you’re doing, and bring great results. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 The Sun’s angles to Saturn and Neptune, could make it difficult to take a step forward unless you push yourself. What you need to do may not seem enjoyable or desirable, but more a duty that you would prefer to ignore. If you stop thinking about it quite so much and just get on with it, you’ll breeze through it, and can spend the rest of the weekend doing what you love most. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 A dynamic focus could find you eager to splurge on something that will make the day interesting, especially if it’s a tech gadget that has practical as well as entertainment value. You’ll be fully absorbed as you learn how to use it, and it can make a pleasant difference to your life. Be discerning though, as something bought in haste might be a waste of money. Do your research! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 It’s best to stick with the people you know, rather than to team up with someone whose background and character you know little about, no matter how seductive their promises. The Sun links with Saturn, so sticking with the tried and trusted means you will get results, even if you do face some conflict. Avoid interactions where you give too much and lose even more. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You may come under some kind of pressure, which is fine, as long as you keep your cool and don’t panic. This is the time to face each challenge as it arises, and believe you have what it takes to succeed. If the odds seem high, then the presence of Venus and Jupiter in a key zone, suggests you’ll rise to the occasion, even if you feel like you aren’t doing enough at the time, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 8 to May 14 – and the start of Mercury Retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid