A perverted undertaker who invited another man to the funeral home he oversaw to have sex with a corpse has been jailed for 17 years. Nigel Robinson-Wright was arrested at his home in Blackpool before he was due to meet with a paedophile offering up a toddler to be raped. When police lifted the lid on Robinson-Wright’s sinister sexual world, they discovered gruesome pictures of him posing next to open coffins and naked corpses, which he found ‘fit’. Preston Crown Court was told the 42-year-old befriended paedophiles, animal abusers and necrophiles online, using encrypted, military-grade chatrooms, and encouraged ‘the most depraved sexual acts’. After Metropolitan Police arrested his paedophile friend in London in September 2021, online chats led them to the funeral director. Kim Whittlestone, prosecuting, told the court Lancashire Police seized a number of digital devices and examined some at the scene. She said: ‘He was in possession of indecent images and there was evidence of him distributing images. ‘Extreme pornography was discovered, involving torture and sexual abuse of children and animals. ‘The defendant had been in contact with others via social media and had been organising the commission of sexual offences against children, dogs and dead bodies.’ One man, who seemed to be familiar to Robinson-Wright, shared sexual fantasies about the clients at the Preston funeral home where the defendant worked. ‘There was a strong theme of necrophilia where it was openly discussed between the parties,’ Ms Whittlestone stressed. The two discussed sexual activity in the funeral home, saying it was ‘horny when we f***ed by the lectern’. Robinson-Wright, who was fascinated with Jamie Bulger and killer Fred West, talked about being high on poppers and meth, and offered to supply drugs to the man. It was also revealed he was in contact with a paedophile, arranging to meet up to sexually abuse a child, however police intercepted their chat. The defendant gave no comment when he was interviewed by police and told a probation officer that much of what was discussed was ‘fantasy’. Later, he pleaded guilty to arranging the commission of a child sexual offence, three counts of making indecent images, eight counts of distributing indecent images, possession of a prohibited image of a child, amongst other offences. Tom Lord, defending, asked for 16 other offences to be taken into consideration and said his client’s guilty plea was his best mitigation. Judge Graham Knowles QC, sentencing, said: ‘These taken together are abhorrent offences. ‘Nigel William Robinson-Wright, you cast off your own humanity and you made a choice to relentlessly pursue cruelty, degradation and depravity. ‘You gloried in it. Your targets were all powerless – babies, infants, children, the dead and animals. ‘Some of what you did was to look at images. Some of what you did was to gloat over those images with other like-minded perverts. ‘Rather than cherish, protect and respect children, the dead, animals and others, as others do, time and time again you revelled in iniquity.’ Robinson-Wright was sentenced to 17 years in prison with an eight-year extended licence period at Preston Crown Court on Friday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.