Whether you’re spending your summer going to festivals or sunbathing in the park, you’ll need essentials like sunscreen, shades, and a decent book. But totes and straw beach bags can be bulky if you’re in a crowd – and that’s before you even have to scrabble around for your purse or keys in a hurry. The bumbag (or fanny pack if you’re in the US) has long been a favourite of savvy packers on the go, despite stereotypical associations to teenage boys and naive tourists. This Uniqlo number, however, appears to be changing the game, offering style points as well as a tardis-like capacity. Costing £12.90, the Nylon Mini Shoulder bag looks unassuming on the surface, with a crossover strap and one large pocket. The reason TikTokers have hailed it ‘the perfect summer bag’ is because of how secretly spacious it is, with various creators showing the sheer amount of items they can fit inside. Jennifer Grst called it one of her ‘best purchases so far’, showing how she packed a bottle of water, purse, keys, headphones, sunglasses, and more into the 28cm x 17cm satchel. Showing off its Mary Poppins magic further, Kayla White got a large water bottle, a book, and her purse and phone in there with room to spare. She said: ‘Going to use this for running errands, travel, etc. and it literally fits so much!’ A hashtag has even gained traction for the hero piece, with 4.4million people views for #uniqlobag. Certain colourways have sold out on the Uniqlo website due to the bag’s popularity, but it’s still available in a washed blue shade and black. It seems like there are regular restocks, so if you have your eye on a different shade, either check back regularly or try your luck in a physical Uniqlo store. It’s certainly more affordable than the usual ‘it bags’, that’s for sure. At less than £13, you can collect them all – one to go with each of your outfits. Buy the Nylon Mini Shoulder Bag for £12.90 at Uniqlo. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to block out the outside noise and listen to your inner wisdom MORE : Planning a hen party on a budget? Use these money-saving tips to keep costs down