Ayda Field has opened up about having a colonoscopy this week, as she encouraged her fans to check their own bodies. The model and TV star, 43, who is married to Robbie Williams, 48, shared a selfie of herself in a hospital bed, with a hairnet and surgical mask on. She told her followers: ‘Colonoscopy chic’, with a tongue-out emoji, adding ‘#getchecked’. A colonoscopy is a test to check inside the bowels and involves a camera being passed into the bowel through the bottom using a long, thin, flexible tube. The test, which generally takes between half an hour and 45 minutes, is usually done while the patient is awake and medications like painkillers or sedatives are used to make the experience more comfortable. The colonoscopy can help identify what is causing bowel symptoms including blood in stools, diarrhoea or constipation that does not go away or unexplained weight loss from conditions including Crohn’s disease or bowel cancer and other diseases. Ayda did not elaborate further on her tests but later updated fans after leaving the hospital. She shared a snap of her wearing a green tie-dye jumper and sunglasses in the car as she told her fans: ‘Feeling better and ready to tackle the rest of this day…’ Enjoying being able to eat again after having to fast before the procedure, Ayda shared snaps of her meal, adding: ‘After my colonoscopy, I’m loading up…’ She then shared a photo of her martini drink and a delicious-looking burger and chips with a pot of ketchup on the side. Ayda has been more conscious of her own health after her mother Gwen, who is 72, was diagnosed with stage two cervical cancer. Gwen Field has Parkinson’s and was found to have an ‘aggressive’ tumour two years ago, which had spread outside of the cervix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Robbie Williams to play himself in biopic after struggling to find actor ‘confident enough’ MORE : Robbie Williams currently homeless after selling all his properties: ‘We haven’t got an abode right now’ 