Our newest Doctor Who star, Ncuti Gatwa, has admitted he’s got no idea how he’s going to follow in the footsteps of Jodie Whittaker, Peter Capaldi, Matt Smith and co after he was cast as the 14th iteration of the Time Lord. But he’s certainly going to try. The star, who’s also known for his role in Sex Education, explained to Metro.co.uk what he’s going to bring to the role. ‘Just myself, I think actors are incredible people that put so much of themselves into roles and so each one is going to be really different,’ he said at the 2022 TV Baftas. ‘Each Doctor that’s gone before has been so incredibly talented and so incredibly brilliant, I don’t know how I’m going to follow in their footsteps but I’m going to try my best!’ He added of the huge announcement: ‘I’m just trying to take it all in my stride, I woke up very, very anxious but then i calmed down by lunch! ‘I’m just trying to take it all in my stride’. Sharing the love for the Netflix show as well, he added: ‘It’s exciting, it’s exciting to be back with the show. Sex Education is such a beautiful show to be part of, I love being part of it and it’s exciting to be back.’ Ncuti attended the Baftas with returning Doctor Who showrunner Russell T Davies just hours after he was announced as the new Time Lord, with the pair beaming on the red carpet together. ‘There aren’t quite the words to describe how I’m feeling,’ Ncuti said of his role. ‘A mix of deeply honoured, beyond excited and of course a little bit scared. ‘This role and show means so much to so many around the world, including myself, and each one of my incredibly talented predecessors has handled that unique responsibility and privilege with the utmost care. ‘I will endeavour my upmost to do the same.’ He continued: ‘Russell T Davies is almost as iconic as the Doctor himself and being able to work with him is a dream come true. His writing is dynamic, exciting, incredibly intelligent and fizzing with danger. ‘An actor’s metaphorical playground. The entire team have been so welcoming and truly give their hearts to the show. ‘And so as much as it’s daunting, I’m aware I’m joining a really supportive family. Unlike the Doctor, I may only have one heart but I am giving it all to this show.’ Jodie will step down as the 13th Doctor in autumn, with the regeneration set to take place in the next special of the beloved sci-fi. Doctor Who will return to BBC One this autumn. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : When could Ncuti Gatwa become Doctor Who? MORE : ‘My Doctor’: Doctor Who and Sex Education stars lead reactions to Ncuti Gatwa’s casting as new Time Lord 