Vladimir Putin’s propaganda puppets have veered massively off-piste, openly slamming Russia’s war commanders and complaining over the outdated weapons used in the costly Ukraine invasion. Morale appears to be dipping among some of the Kremlin’s loyalist supporters, who normally throw their unrelenting support behind the so-called ‘special military operation’ and sing the praises of the army. War correspondent for state TV channel Rossiya 1, Aleksandr Sladkov, has reportedly named Russian forces ‘shamefully indecisive’, claiming they are ‘making a feat out of something that should be routine’. Their charges in the east ‘can’t push out Ukrainian forces’ because soldiers are battling ‘one-to-one’, he said – despite fears over the vast size of the Russian army when troops were sent in at the end of February. Prominent Russian TV presenter Vladimir Solovyov has complained about the ‘shameful’ length of time it takes for weapons to reach the front line, according to translations from MailOnline. Moaning about the lack of drones produced and sent into war, he said: ‘Just try to bring something to the Donbas. ‘It’s easier to bring it in via Ukrainian customs in Lviv. They let any weapons through. ‘But to bring something to our guys is near-impossible. We complained about it hundreds of times!’ Meanwhile, guests on Russian state TV talk shows bristled over their ‘men being sent into battle with weapons of yesteryear’ – as Nato funnels money into sending anti-tank missiles, drones and other defensive weaponry to Ukraine. The remarks come after Putin was forced to downsize his Victory Day celebration by a third – with the air show cancelled ‘due to bad weather’, even though there were clear skies in Moscow on Monday. In reality, the Russian leader was ‘afraid of an aerial strike’ targeting him at his military parade, it is claimed. Mikhail Khodaryonok, a retired colonel, has warned mobilisation of Russian forces still wouldn’t turn the tide in Russia’s favour, given the country lacks equipment and men to build new units. ‘We don’t have the reserves’, he told viewers. Konstantin Sivkov, an analyst appearing on Mr Solovyov’s show, has cautioned the Russian economy will not be able to sustain the war effort unless the government takes control of key industries. Despite the doubt cast on the strength of the Russian army, Ukraine continues to suffer some devastating blows. The vital Black Sea port of Odesa is being repeatedly bombed – including by hypersonic missiles. Meanwhile, intense fighting rages in the east, and Kremlin troops are seeking to end the resistance of Ukrainian defenders making their last stand at a steel plant in Mariupol. The bodies of 44 civilians were found in the rubble of a five-storey building that collapsed in Izyum in the Kharkiv region in March, authorities said today. There were fears Vladimir Putin would announce all-out war in in his Red Square speech on Monday. But he didn’t follow through, instead using the opportunity to allege the ‘West was preparing for an invasion of Russia’. President Joe Biden said today he fears Vladimir Putin can’t see a way out of the war, 10 weeks into the fighting. Speaking in Washington DC, the US leader described the Russian president as ‘a very calculating man’ but without an exit strategy. He admitted: ‘I’m trying to figure out what we do about that.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.