Mel B was willing to risk it all while receiving her MBE as the Spice Girls star has revealed she wasn’t wearing any knickers during the Royal occasion. The Wannabe singer was honoured with the medal at Buckingham Palace on Wednesday for her services to charitable causes and vulnerable women. In 2018, she became a patron of the charity Women’s Aid, after she was allegedly the victim of domestic abuse at the hands of her former partner Stephen Belafonte – claims which Stephen denies. Last year, she also starred in a harrowing film portraying a domestic violence victim who fought to leave her abusive partner. Well, it seems the true spirit of being a cheeky Spice Girl has never left Mel as she has made a naughty confession about the ceremony. The 46-year-old wore a striking red dress which was designed by her bandmate and bestie Victoria Beckham. However, what Prince William didn’t know is that Mel was ‘stark, b****ck naked’ underneath the outfit. ‘Victoria asked me, “Will you wear nipple covers?” I said, “Why bother?”’ the singer told The Sun. It seems Mel did manage to get a Royal blush from the Duke of Cambridge, as she revealed: ‘When it came to the part where Prince William had to pin the MBE on, he asked for a female official to do it. I didn’t think I had that much cleavage on show!’ Recalling her brief conversation with the future king, who she has met on several occasions over the years, Mel revealed: ‘William told me, “I’m so delighted that it’s me giving you this”. And he asked, “Will you get the Spice Girls back together?”. ‘I told him I was having dinner with Victoria that evening and he said, “Oh good, I’ll work on David then”.’ Mel ended her marriage to Stephen, 46, in 2017 after claiming he had emotionally and physically abused her during their 10-year union. The Say You’ll Be There hitmaker has campaigned bravely for the rights of domestic abuse victims, and in 2019, she took her campaign to Downing Street. Yesterday’s investiture was the first major event at Buckingham Palace for two years since the beginning of the Covid pandemic. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson reunited weeks before third baby bombshell: ‘I have a lot of optimism for our future’ MORE : Sharon Osbourne hooked up to IV drip after catching coronavirus while looking after Ozzy Osbourne: ‘F**k Covid’ 