Do you still have your old Pokemon card collection tucked away somewhere in your parents’ attic? Maybe you still play with them, or perhaps you’re still haunted by the fact they disappeared during a clear-out of the family home. Knowing how much some of the older trading cards are worth now – we feel your pain. Last month a new world record was confirmed after YouTuber Logan Paul got hold of a highly coveted PSA Grade 10 Pikachu Illustrator card. He bought it from Marwan Dubsy in Dubai in July last year for the modest sum of $5,275,000 (£3,862,424). Depending on how well you looked after your cards in the 90s and noughties, you could be sitting on a goldmine. The value of Pokemon cards has been soaring over the past few years, as more and more people started collecting and playing over the pandemic. This Japanese Old Back Pokémon Trophy Card NO.2 Neo Spring Battle PSA 9 Pikachu was initially put for sale for a whopping £1,352,814. That’s according to a study by financial website Money.co.uk, who carried out a study on the most valued cards on the market. But since collecting its data on May 10, the listing was significantly reduced to £113,000 – so grab yourself a bargain. This card, a Japanese promo from 2001, is very rare and is minted as 9 out of 10 on the PSA scale, used to grade the condition of trading cards. Due to their limited availability and age, these holographic Charizards from the early days of the Pokemon trading cards games are worth a fortune. One was sold in January this year for $420,000 (£339,000), and another is currently going for £395,412. This one was from 1999 and has been given a PSA grading of 10. This card is extra special, as it represents the joy of a parent and child working together as a team to win something. This Kangaskhan card given as a trophy to teams in the Parent/Child Mega Battle tournament, held in Japan in 1998. The prize was awarded to parent and children teams who reached a certain number of wins. It is currently listed on eBay for £395,000 and has a PSA grading of 10. This first edition Japanese Blastoise could be yours for a little over £200,000. The rare holographic card from 1996 will be shipped from Australia and has a PSA grading of 10. It is described on eBay as being in near mint condition (we should hope so for a price tag like that). This first edition card from 1996 is currently listed for sale on eBay and has a 10 PSA grading. 1st Edition Japanese Base Set No Rarity Venusaur 1996 Pokemon Card PSA 10 Mint This set is from the Neo Genesis series of 2000 – the first in the trading card game to feature Generation II Pokemon. They are rated 9.5 by the Beckett Grading service – another firm that assesses the condition of cards. These ones currently on eBay have a ‘red dot error’ – a printing anomaly which saw small red spots accidentally featured somewhere on the card. Although they are misprints, they do in some ways make these cards all the more rare. Finance expert at money.co.uk Florence Codjoe, advises comparing prices across sellers. ‘It’s sometimes hard to know if you’re selling for the right price, or if you’re being ripped off with one you have your eye on,’ she said. ‘Compare listings with similar ones across marketplaces like Amazon or eBay, or even niches selling sites like Cardmarket. ‘It can help to compare historical sold prices too, to check you’re not overpaying.’ Buyers and sellers should ask themselves if the cards are authentic, in a good condition and in their original packaging. Mint condition cards might be worth selling through an auction house or directly to a collectables website. It’s also worth bearing in mind any platform fees and shipping costs when buying or selling. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.