The Queen has been spotted proudly watching her granddaughter drive Prince Philip’s carriage at The Royal Windsor Horse Show. The monarch looked relaxed and happy as she joined the Earl and Countess of Wessex in the main castle arena to watch their eldest daughter, Lady Louise Windsor, lead the Fell Pony Society centenary parade. The Queen wore a headscarf navy cardigan for the event and used a walking stick to make her way to the royal box. The parade was the second event the 96-year-old monarch attended at the equestrian show, which is said to be one of her favourites. Earlier in the day, she was rewarded when her horse beat other breed champions to be named winner in the Horse & Hound Mountain and Moorland Supreme in Hand Championship. Her appearance at the show comes after she reluctantly missed the State Opening of Parliament on Tuesday on the advice of royal doctors due to her continued mobility problems. From the royal box, the family watched excitedly as Louise took part in the carriage display, driving the Duke of Edinburgh’s carriage. Sophie was seen taking several photos as Louise put her grandfather’s carriage through its paces while Edward stood up to get a better look. Louise is understood to have inherited her interest in carriage driving from her late grandfather, who was instrumental in helping to establish carriage driving as a sport in Britain. Carriage driving was one of Prince Philip’s favourite past-times, with the duke taking part in races and even representing Britain at several world and European championships. Louise followed in his footsteps earlier this month when she competed in the British Indoor Carriage Driving Championships. In May 2017, Prince Philip spoke about how he took up carriage driving when he stopped playing polo at the age of 50. ‘I was looking round to see what next, I didn’t know what there was available,’ he said. ‘And I suddenly thought, well, we’ve got horses and carriages so why don’t I have a go. ‘So I borrowed four horses from the stables in London, took them to Norfolk and practised and thought – why not?’ The Duke was credited with shaping the sport in the UK and was still competing in his eighties. At the age of 91, he had the dark green carriage Louise used on Friday made to his specifications out of aluminium and steel. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.