The family of a teenager who died suddenly at the age of 18 have vowed to stop him sharing a gravesite with his elderly father who was recently convicted of a child sex offence. Stephen Lee Wilcock, from Blackburn, Lancashire, suffered complications from an unknown heart defect and collapsed at home in September 1998. He had moved in with his dad, Kevin Harrison, two years earlier following his parents’ separation. His mum Linda was struggling financially and unable to contribute to the funeral, which his dad offered to pay for in full. Harrison, now 70, bought the deed for Stephen’s plot and another right next to him, intending to be buried there when he dies, the family say. After being diagnosed with terminal lung cancer in 2017, Linda asked him to give her the plot so she could be buried in it but he refused, instead offering to have her cremated ashes placed next to Stephen’s. Linda turned down the compromise, citing her Catholic faith and fears that she would not have a headstone with her name on it. She wrote to him: ‘No parent should have to bury their child, let alone argue with the other parent about who should be entitled to go in with them. ‘I would like to be with my son, it is my final request. He is currently at peace and I would like to be at peace with him, and for my family to have peace of mind and to know that I will be with my first born again after all this time. ‘They just want to be able to come and sit with their mum and brother, when the time comes, and to talk to us when times are hard, like they already do with Stephen now. The day you go in there, they will not do that, they will feel uncomfortable.’ The family suffered a double blow in April when Linda finally lost her battle with cancer and Harrison, of Daisy Lane, Blackburn, was found guilty of arranging and facilitating the commission of a child sex offence as well as publishing an obscene article. Text conversations with another man revealed how in August 2019 they had visited Harrison’s local swimming pool and discussed how they wanted to meet young boys and ‘turn them gay’. A jury rejected his insistence that the texts were ‘pure fantasy’. Describing it as a ‘plan for you to carry out’, the judge sentenced him to two years’ jail. Bethany said: ‘Mum was on her deathbed at the time so we didn’t tell her. My dad buys the paper every morning and we all ran into the kitchen as soon as we saw Kevin’s photo. We know vandalism could occur on the grave once Kevin has died and we don’t want that to affect our brother. ‘I especially don’t feel comfortable bringing my young children to go and visit him – my eight-year-old comes and helps clean the grave but I don’t want to do that if I know Kevin is lying next to him. ‘We are all sickened by Kevin and his actions and now more than ever, we don’t want him buried in a grave next to our brother.’ The family say they’ve been told their only current option is to apply for Stephen’s remains to be exhumed and placed alongside his mum, who is buried elsewhere in the cemetery, but consent will still be needed from Harrison. If he continues to refuse their requests, they could make an appeal to the Ministry of Justice. Bethany added: ‘Ultimately now, our goal is to do what we can but potentially campaign to change the laws surrounding exclusive rights of burials for situations like these. ‘It’s something I’m looking into and hope to get somewhere in order to help not just my family, but other families out there who could be going through the same thing.’ Harrison has been approached for comment via HM Prison Service and his family. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.