Ryan Thomas ended up giving The Games viewers more than they bargained for after he ended up mooning them during his dive. The actor, 37, had been taking part in a synchronised dive as one of his events on Tuesday’s show, but his skills were overshadowed by a wardrobe mishap. Viewers were left with a shot of Ryan’s bum under the water after his Speedos came down during the dive, as the force of the water hit him. Ryan played it off, thinking he had got away with it under the water – but the cameras managed to pick it all up regardless. When asked about the wardrobe mishap in his interview after the event, Ryan joked: ‘Oh really? Did the sock fall out?’ Viewers joked: ‘All of Ryan’s best bits on show tonight’ and ‘The Bafta goes to Ryan’s a**e’. Ryan had already stunned fans with his body transformation ahead of the show after taking on 12 weeks of training. He had shared a photo of his newly toned physique and six pack abs, adding: ‘The wait is finally over & what a journey it’s been 12 weeks of intense training learning 9 different athletic sports with some of the best coaches in the country. ‘With a massive thank you to my pt @michaelevansfitness preparing me mentally & physically for this challenge we worked so hard being dedicated to the routine, diet & determination. ‘Tune in live tonight 9pm every night this week on @itv 1 @thegamestv.’ Ryan and 11 other stars are competing in a series of Olympic-style sporting events to see who will eventually win the bronze, silver and gold medals at the end of the week. They will compete in mens, ladies and mixed events with their scores determined on their overall performance across the week. The Games continues on Wednesday from 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Games viewers amazed as Colson Smith beats PB in freestyle race despite learning to swim just five weeks ago MORE : The Games Viewers slam new series for lack of events and too much ‘filler’: ‘Nobody wants to see The One Show with 5 minutes of sport’ 