It’s 2022, Abba Voyage is here, and nostalgia is winning. My Chemical Romance is touring the UK, Eurovision fever finally swept the nation again, and David Tennant is coming back to Doctor Who. But the most epic blast from the past, one that surely cannot be topped, is the return of Abba. Having released their first album in 40 years and almost clinched a Christmas number one, the iconic Swedish four-piece have now launched their residency in London’s Pudding Mill Lane. But yes, okay, there’s a twist. Rather than the real-life Anni-Frid, 75, Bjorn, 76. Benny, 74, and Agnetha, 71, fans will be watching holograms of the Dancing Queens (and Kings) in their heyday. The question is: Is it worth it? There are more Abba tribute acts out there than you can count, and the good ones are almost like seeing the real thing. Is there really any need for 1 billion computing hours, 160 cameras, 500 moving lights and a 65 million-pixel screen? Good news – yes, it is absolutely worth it. Abba Voyage is not like watching a tribute act. It’s not even really like going to a concert. It’s like a 3D cinema experience, theatre production and an insanely vivid, mental dream all at once. As soon as you step into the purpose-built, 3000-capacity Abba Arena and take your seat – or set yourself up in the standing area – you’ll get goosebumps. The atmosphere is charged, the massive screen showing a sunlit, dense forest; this screen will eventually go dark before the holograms of Anni-frid, Benny, Bjorn and Agnetha appear as if by magic. And they are holograms, they are definitely holograms, but you’ll have to work to remember that throughout the show, because for the most part it’s easy to believe you’ve travelled back in time to watch the pop superstars at the peak of their career. The show starts with some lesser-known songs, likely to give the audience time to actually take in what they’re seeing, because Voyage takes the uncanny valley to the next level. At different points throughout the show, each holographic member even comes out to talk to the audience, once even breaking the fourth wall with Doctor Who time-travel references; it’s a testament to the work put in by the massive CGI team that even this part feels natural, with Bjorn stuttering slightly at one point as he speaks. The holograms are genuinely incredible, but as realistic as they are, it would have become wearisome just watching them for the entirety of the 100-minute long show. But Abba Voyage takes full advantage of their hundreds of lights, live band and backing vocalists and enormous screens; Abba transforms into 50-foot icons, blasting out the likes of Mamma Mia and Lay All Your Love On Me as their images are projected all around the arena. Stars twinkle, eclipses block out the sun, comets soar and a genuinely gorgeous animated video take centre-stage at different points throughout the show, as mirrors, lights and other props appear as if from nowhere from the rooftop. Not to be clichéd, but Abba Voyage genuinely feels like going on a voyage: through space, through time, through the entirety of Abba’s career. It brings us all the way back to their very first international appearance, performing Waterloo at Eurovision 1974, and (for those lucky enough to be in attendance at the launch), to the band now, as the real-life Abba took to the stage to absolutely raucous applause. At points, as you cheer and applaud at the end of each song, you’ll find yourself thinking I’m essentially clapping at the cinema, but it’s all part of the fun. Be ready to dance in the aisles, sing along to the absolute anthems, laugh at the jokes the holograms make (we really are living in the future), and above all, be a part of the voyage. Abba Voyage is unlike anything that’s ever come before, but it’s bound to inspire countless more like it. This is a completely new experience. It’s unforgettable and honestly, it’s completely barmy, but it is absolute magic. Abba Voyage is on now at the Abba Arena. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Abba reunite in London for first time in 40 years and my, my, just how much we’ve missed them! MORE : Abba legend Benny Andersson doesn’t find Eurovision fun anymore – but was impressed by the UK’s Sam Ryder 