Welcome once again to What I Rent, our weekly series that takes you inside people’s rented homes. Last week we were in Hove, with Sarah and Oliver, who pay £1,055 a month for a one-bedroom flat. This time around we’re getting to know Heather, a 25-year-old room leader at a nursery, her partner Ryan, a 29-year-old head chef, and their ten-month old son, Wilfred. This family of three rent a home in Stockport, with Heather having always lived in the area. We chatted with Heather about what they rent. Hi, Heather! How much do you pay to live here? Rent is £900 a month. Our bills aren’t too bad, around £200-£300 pounds total a month. And what do you get for what you pay? It’s a three-bedroom, one bathroom, house. The two bedrooms are large; we have given Wilfred the master bedroom. Our third bedroom is small and is currently used as a storage room but we are turning it into a gaming room/pet room as we have two pet bearded dragons. One called Arlo and one called Cleopatra. Do you feel like you have a good deal? When we first started renting our first house together in 2020, we would have never imagined we’d ever pay £900 a month for rent. That was really expensive for Stockport and if you were paying that, then you were getting a very good sized house. But rental prices are through the roof. Our last rented house was a small two-bed for £780 and we still thought that was dear. When we moved in February 2022, we knew we wanted to stay somewhere for a long time and a house to have more children in and we fell in love with this house immediately. Going off of how much houses are now rented for, we do have a good deal for today’s market in our area. Whereabouts is your house? What do you think of the area? My home is in Edgeley in Stockport. Not far from Stockport centre. My road is gorgeous as there a lake and a park 30 seconds down the street, which I absolutely love. We’re also right near to Stockport County football club which is amazing for if we ever wanted to go and watch a game. How did you find the house? We found this property through Rightmove. It was with the same agents as our last house too. How have you made the house feel like home? Has your landlord been okay with you making changes? Our landlords are amazing and have said that they want us to make it our home. You don’t get many landlords that allow that so we were so happy to get the ones we have. I’m in love with colour so our aim was for lots of plants, light and bright colours. Nothing to match if we could help it! It’s still a work in progress but we love it so far. Our last rented house we weren’t allowed to put any holes at all in the walls and pictures were only to be put up with command strips. This didn’t make us feel very at home. I think landlords should appreciate that a lot of renters just want somewhere to make their own. As long as we’re making it better, not worse, I don’t see the issue. Do you feel like you have enough space? We’re really happy with the space we have. Wilfred’s bedroom is big enough for another child and we have that third bedroom too. The living space is open and bright. Our garden is perfect as it’s big enough for children and having family round but not too big too manage. Are there any problems with the property you have to deal with? We’re very lucky to not have any problems that are ‘rented’ issues. Sometimes the house can get a little cold as it’s all hard floors but once the heating is on it can get far too hot! Other than that we have had to fix our gate a few times (it’s currently broken) but that’s due to the winds we’ve been having. Do you have plans to move again any time soon? We don’t plan to move into another rented property. Our next move would be when we eventually buy a house but that’s not going to happen for quite some time with the prices of houses at the moment. We feel that. Shall we take a look around? What I Rent is a weekly series that’s out every Tuesday at 10am. Check back next week to have another nose around a rented property. This article contains placements with affiliate links.  We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links on these placements. MORE : What I Rent: Mima, £695 a month for a one-bedroom flat in Folkestone, Kent MORE : What I Rent: Danielle, £500 a month for a two-bedroom apartment in Cape Town, South Africa MORE : What I Rent: Assia and Jack, £925 a month for a room in a nine-bedroom shared house in Clapton, London 