U2’s Bono has taken to a metro station in Kyiv to perform a literal ‘show of solidarity’ for Ukraine during the war against Russia. The Irish musician, who was personally invited by President Volodymyr Zelensky, performed in Khreshatyk metro station in support of the country amid the conflict. Lit up in purple lights, the 61-year-old held a surprise concert in the station, which is being used as a makeshift bomb shelter, and praised Ukraine’s fight for ‘freedom’. ‘The people in Ukraine are not just fighting for your own freedom, you are fighting for all of us who love freedom,’ he said. He belted out U2 classics like Sunday Bloody Sunday, Desire and With Or Without You, performing to a crowd that included soldiers in military gear. Videos shared on social media show Bono and The Edge playing an acoustic version of their hit song With Or Without You, with the crowd singing along as the pair play. A tweet from U2’s official account on Sunday announced the concert, as well as confirming the Ukrainian president had invited them to support the war-torn country. It read: ‘President [Zelensky] invited us to perform in Kyiv as a show of solidarity with the Ukrainian people and so that’s what we’ve come to do.’ The band signed off from Bono and The Edge, adding the hashtag: ‘#StandWithUkraine.’ Ukrainian musicians who are currently serving in the military also joined the star, including Taras Topolya from the Ukrainian band Antytila. Speaking to Sky News in Kyiv, Bono appeared to reference Vladimir Putin by saying that the war in Ukraine belonged to ‘one man’. ‘I think it’s one man’s war, really,’ he said. ‘I think that the people in Russia… younger people know what’s going on.’ He added: ‘I trust in the younger people in Russia to throw this man out of his office, that is so high and is so low, right now.’ The war in Ukraine has been ongoing since February when Russian president Putin ordered a full-scale invasion of the country. Millions of Ukrainians have been displaced by the conflict, with no clear end to the war in sight. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jill Biden and Justin Trudeau make surprise trips to Ukraine as war rages MORE : Russia repeats warning it will seek to destroy Nato weapons shipments to Ukraine 