Pete Davidson couldn’t wipe the smile from his face after attending the Met Gala with girlfriend Kim Kardashian for the first time. The couple made a very loved-up appearance on the red carpet at the star-studded New York City event on Monday night. With Kim donning Marilyn Monroe’s actual ‘Happy Birthday, Mr President’ dress and Pete looking very sharp in a black suit and ditching his beloved trainers for smart shoes, the couple looked pretty picture perfect. Hours after the hectic charity bash, Kim, 41, and Pete, 28, had changed into more comfy attire as they were pictured leaving the Ritz-Carlton hotel. The Kardashians star wore a black cropped jumper and baggy tracksuit bottoms but kept it chic with a fur coat and a pair of sunglasses, while her Saturday Night Live comedian beau wore a loose-fitting shirt and matching trousers with a cap. Pete looked particularly giddy as they walked out of the hotel, as he was seen giggling and covering his mouth with his hand. It appeared he was sharing a joke with Kim and her sister Khloe Kardashian, who accompanied them. However, Pete noticeably kept his controversial new tattoo hidden from the public eye, with his shirt collar concealing it on the red carpet and later managing to keep it under wraps when leaving the hotel. The King of Staten Island actor appears to have tattooed the initials of Kim’s four children on his neck, with ‘KNSCP’ inked in small font. It’s believed to refer to Kim, and the children she shares with ex-husband Kanye West in age order – North, eight, Saint, six, Chicago, four, and Psalm, two. However, it has raised eyebrows with some critics calling it ‘disrespectful’ towards Kanye, who has publicly expressed his disapproval of Pete meeting his children, while others see it as a sweet gesture. As for the Met Gala group, they had worked up an appetite after the busy night as a handler was spotted carrying a couple of boxes of food, while Kim shared a video of dozens of pizza boxes in their hotel room. The Skims boss, who has become a regular at the Met Gala having attended several times in the past, revealed that she hasn’t eaten carbs in three weeks to ensure she could fit into her dress. Speaking to Vogue, she said: ‘I tried it on and it didn’t fit me. I said, ‘Give me three weeks. I had to lose 16 pounds down today. ‘It was such a challenge. It was like a [movie] role. I was determined to fit [into] it. I haven’t had carbs or sugar in about three weeks. ‘We’re having pizza and doughnut party back at the hotel [after the MetGala].’ It was a night of firsts for the famous Kardashian family as Kim’s sisters Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian finally made their debuts at the fundraiser. Kourtney was joined by fiance Travis Barker, while younger sister Kylie Jenner went all out in a huge, show-stopping white wedding dress and backwards cap with a veil, and Kendall stunned in a slightly similar black gown. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Met Gala 2022: Radiant Kim Kardashian stuns in iconic Marilyn Monroe gown as she packs on PDA with boyfriend Pete Davidson MORE : Met Gala 2022: Brooklyn Beckham flashes chest with wife Nicola Peltz for red carpet debut as married couple 