Ellie Warner made her return to Gogglebox during tonight’s episode, having taken a break to take care of her boyfriend after he suffered a horrific accident. Not only were fans excited to welcome her and her sister Izzi Warner back to the Channel 4 programme, but Ellie’s boyfriend Nat Eddleston could also be heard on the phone as she gave him a ring. In March this year, Nat was involved in a life-threatening incident when he was hit by a car, sustaining a broken neck, a broken back and two collapsed lungs and being put on life support, before entering a stable condition. On the latest episode of Gogglebox – having taken time off to look after her boyfriend – Ellie told her sister that she and Nat had a discussion about the type of wedding they wanted in future, with her boyfriend saying he wanted a ‘shotgun wedding’. However, she didn’t think he understood what a shotgun wedding means, as it’s typically a wedding that’s been rushed because the bride is pregnant. ‘I went, “Ooh, so that means that you want me to be pregnant before we get married?” And he went, “No”,’ she told Izzi, as her sister burst out laughing. In order to get to the bottom of it, Ellie gave him a call to check if he had mistaken a shotgun wedding for something else. ‘Hello? Nat? Do you know when you said about a shotgun wedding this morning, what did you think a shotgun wedding meant?’ the hairdresser asked over the phone, as he replied on speaker: ‘Forced to get married.’ Realising that Nat did know that shotgun weddings often happen when the bride is pregnant, Ellie asked her partner: ‘So does that mean that you’re going to get me pregnant?’ ‘No,’ he replied abruptly, confusing Ellie and Izzi as they hung up the phone. Several Gogglebox viewers celebrated Ellie and Izzi’s return, sharing how much they’d missed the pair. ‘So happy to see Ellie and Izzi back on our screen,’ one person tweeted, as another wrote: ‘I just cried seeing Ellie back on Gogglebox (bless her).’ ‘I’m glad Ellie and Izzi is back I’ve missed them,’ someone else said, as another added: ‘Oh yay! Lovely to see Ellie and Izzy back.’ Ellie confirmed she and Izzi would be back on Gogglebox earlier today, sharing a post on Instagram that read: ‘Looking forward to getting back on your screens tonight! Thank you for all the well wishes, we are really grateful that things are getting back to normal.’ She recently asked people to send donations to a brain injury charity in honour of her 32nd birthday, saying: ‘Their mission means a lot to me.’ Gogglebox returns next Friday at 9pm on Channel 4 and is available to watch on All 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox: Lee gives updates to fans concerned for Jenny as she misses show due to surgery MORE : Gogglebox star Mary Killen slammed for defending Boris Johnson over Good Morning Britain interview 