Victims of the Manchester Arena attack are calling for changes to mental health services, five years after the massacre. They are demanding a central register of survivors to make sure they get the long term care they need, and a guaranteed maximum wait time of six weeks for help. A report written by the Survivors Against Terror group has made the suggestions following concerns that victims have been slipping through the cracks too easily. Leading the charge is Dr Stuart Murray, whose stepson Martyn Hett was among the 22 people killed by suicide bomber Salman Abedi at an Ariana Grande concert on May 22, 2017. As an NHS doctor of 30 years, he says he feels embarrassed by the level of mental health services available. He recalls ‘screaming’ in his car over the frustration of being unable to access timely aftercare for his family. Speaking on BBC Radio 4’s Today programme ahead of the five-year anniversary of the attack, Dr Murray recalled the trauma of the weeks following his stepson’s death. The GP said: ‘Our early experience was – there was a moment in the car when I was shouting and screaming and saying “how ridiculous this is that I’m having to pay privately to get the help for family members”. ‘There was a guilt feeling that I was saying that, because they just needed the help, but thinking about how other people might be managing, and feeling embarrassed as a working GP, that this is the reality of the situation.’ Dr Murray added: ‘I think we were quite shocked that holes exist still after the many attacks that have occurred in the access and provision of mental health services. ‘What it means is that people aren’t getting timely treatment that they should do, and that they’re suffering for weeks and months – sometimes years – before they can get the help they need. ‘What we’re asking for is a simple thing that they (people affected by terror attacks) can not only be seen and triaged, but when they need the help, that they get that treatment within six weeks.’ Dr Murray called for the Government to create a plan to ensure that people affected by terror attacks would be prioritised for mental health treatment instead of subjected to a ‘postcode lottery’ and a long, general waiting list. His stepson Martyn, 29, from Stockport, was a social media manager and a Coronation Street superfan with a tattoo of Deirdre Barlow on his leg. The cast of the show paid tribute to him and others killed in the bombing during Friday’s ITV show. Show rivals Gail Rodwell, played by Helen Worth, and Eileen Grimshaw, played by Sue Cleaver, placed bouquets on a memorial bench in a community garden at the soap’s home in Trafford. Meanwhile Freya Lewis, 19, who learned to walk again after suffering multiple injuries, fractures and burns at the bombing five years ago, has raised more than £67,000 for the hospital which saved her life. Miss Lewis, who was wheelchair-bound for three months and whose best friend Nell Jones, then 14, was killed in the attack, told BBC North West Tonight: ‘I have changed in more ways than you can imagine. ‘I am grateful for the outlook I have in life as I had to learn at 14 years old that you really only do live once. ‘Things can change in one night so just be grateful for those around you.’ Tomorrow the teenager, from Holmes Chapel in Cheshire, is running the Greater Manchester Run 10k, her second charity run in the city. The run will kick off with a minute’s applause to mark the anniversary of the bombing. Remembrance services will also take place at the Glade of Light Memorial in the city centre, while bells at the nearby Manchester Cathedral will toll at 10.31pm, marking the time of the attack. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.