Build on the momentum of the energies today. It’s a good time to get on with that thing you’ve been wanting to do for a while. But going with the flow could also work in your favour. Powerful people are on your side at work today, Leo. Make the most of it. The Sun-Pluto link means you’re embracing change, Scorpio. Nice. Meanwhile, this link keeps the pressure on for Libra – but that’s not necessarily a bad thing. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 20, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Having second thoughts? This can be down to Mercury retro and its tie with Jupiter. You may have to lower your expectations. This doesn’t make it any less exciting. If you were aiming too high, you’ll now have more chance of success. Upbeat energies will boost your mood. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Your strategy may need refining, especially if something looks likely to cost more than anticipated. Rather than proceed full steam ahead, pause and make sure you’re not overspending. Plus, don’t take on too much as you won’t have time for it all. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As Mercury continues to regress in your sign it links to Jupiter for a second time, so you might need to reschedule a key event or social meeting. Keen to take advantage of an opportunity? This is the time to give it all you’ve got. The harder you work at this, the better the outcome will be. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Something you do could turn heads and get others talking. If this happens, don’t waste the opportunity to build momentum. Trust your instincts about how and when to do this. You might also have a brilliant idea whose time has not yet come. Don’t neglect it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You can make great strides at work and those in positions of power will be on your side. If you’re a leader, your qualities will be appreciated. Regarding your social scene, you could connect with someone from the past for a joyful reunion. Whether this is planned or unexpected, stay in touch. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You may have to delay certain plans but that doesn’t mean you’ll need to abandon them altogether. The bigger they are, the more likely it is you’ll want them to go well. With Mercury rewinding and forging a positive aspect to Jupiter, new information might show up that inspires you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 While the Sun-Pluto link is still having an effect, the pressure will be on – but rest assured, it’s nothing you can’t tackle. It’s possible you’ll make such a success of handling this that you’ll be showered with praise. If in the past others have openly doubted you, they won’t do any longer. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Even if you’re facing a few upheavals, this is something you’ve prepared for. The Sun-Pluto link suggests that not only are you eager to embrace change, you’re ready to stir things up and encourage more of it. Letting go of the past will bring fresh energy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 With Mercury in reverse and linking to upbeat Jupiter, you may have to rethink a project or wait a while longer for a romantic liaison to shape up. There might be delays but this isn’t necessarily a bad thing. The longer you pause, the more ideas you’ll have that can make a positive difference. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You may believe the sky’s the limit and in this instance you could be right. A potent link suggests your self-confidence will give you a head start with any goal you want to accomplish. When it comes to romance or creative ventures, you won’t hold back. You might have to delay a domestic project. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 A plan may have been going splendidly but now you might be concerned that you haven’t done enough research. As Mercury rewinds and links to Jupiter, the cosmos encourages you not to abandon your quest but to rethink your strategy. It’s better to pause now while you can. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Keen to invest in your home? If you’re thinking of spending money on redecoration, hold back for now. If you can wait a few weeks, there might be better deals available and you’ll find the whole process so much easier. With Mercury in reverse, it’s wise to take a step back. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 15 to May 21 – and the start of Gemini season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid