Britain’s longest serving Cornish pasty maker is finally retiring after 60 years — where he has crimped more than 15 million of them. Charlie Choak, 75, has been making pasties since the age of five, when his mum used to sit him up on the kitchen counter and impart her wisdom on the perfect pasty technique. The much-adored baker joined the family’s bakery at the age of 14 and took over the business from his parents around 55 years ago. He would crimp up to 1,200 pasties each day working a six-day week — amassing more than 15 million during his long career. But he is finally shutting up shop and selling the building to a developer — as after more than half a century in the job he said he ‘has had enough’. Unable to pass the business on to any other family members, Charlie says it is the right time to sell Choak’s Bakery, in Falmouth, Cornwall. Charlie, known to Falmouth locals as ‘Charlie Choak the pasty bloke’, said: ‘It would’ve been nice to carry the family business on but no one will take it so I don’t have a choice. ‘Fingers crossed the sale goes through — I’m tired and I’ve had enough. ‘When the shop was at its peak, which was usually on a Saturday, we used to make 1,240 pasties — that is a lot of pasties.’ Charlie said he used to work at the bakery six days a week and revealed that as soon as he put the property on the market it sold ‘in a number of days’. The sale is expected to go through in about 10 weeks. Charlie’s parents, who worked together making pasties, founded the family business JH&M Choak on August 13, 1949, when they had a bakery in Minnie Place, Falmouth. Joseph, Magdalene and Charlie then moved to the site of what Charlie remembers as Ricky’s Café, which has remained the home of Choak’s since 1960. He said: ‘Years ago, I used to be the only person making pasties, but now loads are making them, its all changed quite a bit. ‘Of course we make the best pasties in Cornwall. Without a doubt. ‘As far as I’m concerned, they’ll carry on making them forever, but they will never be as good as ours. Charlie admitted that after retirement he will not be making any pasties for himself or his family in the near future, not because he is sick of them, but he’s ‘just got better things to do’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.