The Gloucestershire couple who won the biggest-ever EuroMillions jackpot has been revealed. Joe, 49, a communications sales engineer, and Jess Thwaite, 44, the business manager of a hairdressing salon, are the lucky pair of Britons who won an eye-watering £184 million. The parents-of-two say the phenomenal win ‘gives us time to dream which we haven’t had before’. Their first purchase was a chest of drawers and a wardrobe for their bedroom – but their number one priority is supporting family members after a ‘hard few years, just like many people and families across the country’. Joe normally buys a EuroMillions Lucky Dip ticket ‘because it’s easier’ and purchased the winning ticket on The National Lottery App at around 4pm on the day of the May 10 draw. They had no idea of the result until Joe woke up at 5.15am the next morning to tend to their dogs – and received an email saying ‘Good news, you’ve won a prize’. Showing extreme self control, Joe didn’t wake up his wife to share the news after seeing the nine-figure prize. ‘I saw how much and I didn’t know what to do’, he said. ‘I couldn’t go back to sleep, I didn’t want to wake Jess up so I just laid there for what seemed like forever. ‘I spent some time searching for property with no budget limit, which was a novelty!’ When the alarm finally rang, Joe turned to Jess and said: ‘I’ve got a secret, I’ve got something to tell you.’ Hearing the news in disbelief, his wife thought he was joking, concluded that it wasn’t worth getting too excited about as it probably wasn’t true and got up to make a coffee. But, after going about their normal morning routine, the pair called Camelot when the phone lines opened at 8am and were told they had just become the UK’s biggest-ever winners. While many of us would call our managers to say we weren’t coming in and crack out the champagne, Jess and Joe went about their normal day, doing the school run and settling down to work from home. Unable to keep the news in, Jess met her mum in a car park before work – with her screaming reaction bringing it home how life-changing the money would be and both breaking down in tears. The couple have acknowledged their previous financial situation was ‘not horrendous’ but say the cost of living crisis has ‘affected our lives’. Jess said: ‘Just like many people and families across the country, the last few years have been hard. My sister and I have tried to look after the business and the 20 staff, but times are difficult in hairdressing. ‘Joe has been working hard and we have always tried to put everything into doing the best we can for the children. ‘We’ve had one week to think about this and we now have time to share lots of experiences and go on adventures with our family and friends.’ The family-of-four has only just moved into a new home with their three dogs, five chickens, two gheckos and three ponies. The property needs a lot of work but ‘the fact the roof leaks and the house needs renovating was okay as it was the life we dreamed of for our family’. ‘I have been working hard and then doing DIY on the house and you realise that you are missing out on family time. This win gives us time’, Joe said. The dad’s wish list also includes watching Gloucester or England rugby live with his kids, going on a sunny holiday to Hawaii and spending more time with his brother, who he rarely gets to see. The mum and dad want to donate to charities close to their hearts – but say their minds are currently ‘blown’ and plan to take advice before making any moves. Jess has joked that her late father who ‘constantly dreamed of winning the lottery’ prepared her for this day. ‘He would always ask us what we’d do when we won, how we’d spend it, who we’d treat’, she said. ‘It was a regular conversation and I feel like he was preparing us. Maybe that is why I seem so chilled, as I’ve kind of been ready to win for years.’ When Jess’ father passed away seven years ago, Joe took on the mantle of buying lottery tickets – but he always felt he was ‘not lucky enough’ to win big. Jess said: ‘I’m so glad he carried on, and while my dad had prepared me, I’m not sure anyone is really prepared for a win like this.’ The couple could have stayed anonymous but chose to reveal their identities at a hotel in Cheltenham this morning. Jess said: ‘I don’t want to lie to family and friends, I want to enjoy it with them.  Maybe, naively, I thought we could tell a few people and it would be fine. ‘But the list gets longer and soon you realise it would be a burden asking them to keep it quiet.  Telling people makes it easier.’ Asked if they are worried about scammers, Jess said: ‘I haven’t even thought of anything like that. To be honest, we’re a week in.’ Her husband added: ‘We’re trying to think of all the positives. That’s the main thing of this is there’s a lot of positives.’ Before now, the biggest-ever winner was an unnamed ticket holder who scored a staggering £170 million in October 2019. Camelot’s Andy Carter, senior winners’ advisor at The National Lottery, has said lottery bosses are ‘ecstatic’ and supporting Joe and Jess through the process. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.