Sergio Perez has described winning the 2022 Monaco Grand Prix as a ‘dream come true.’ The Red Bull driver took victory after a chaotic race on the iconic street circuit, with Ferrari’s Carlos Sainz Jr. second and Perez’s teammate Max Verstappen third. A sudden downpour delayed the race start by over an hour, but when it got underway, Perez, who started third, was able to keep pace with the Ferraris of polesitter Charles Leclerc and Sainz during the early stages. A clever strategy call saw him take the lead during a round of pit-stops, and despite some late pressure from the chasing pack, the Mexican held on to claim his first win of the season and only the third of his Formula 1 career. ‘I’m just very, very happy,’ Perez said after the race. ‘As a driver you always dream of winning here, after your home race I don’t think there is a more special weekend to win. ‘We made it a bit harder for ourselves at the end with the graining [on the tyres]. I had to not make any mistakes to bring it home, to keep Carlos behind, it wasn’t easy. ‘It’s a massive day for myself and for my country. Today I was wearing a Pedro Rodriguez helmet and I’m sure he’s up there and he’s super proud of what we have achieved in the sport.’ Rodriguez was a Mexican F1 driver who won two races before his death in 1971, and, alongside Perez, is considered one of the countries’ best drivers of all-time. After seven rounds, Verstappen still leads the drivers’ championship with 125 points, with Leclerc just nine points behind, and Perez a further six points back. In the constructors’ table, Red Bull lead with 235 points, with Ferrari close behind and Mercedes clear in third after George Russell and Sir Lewis Hamilton finished fifth and eighth respectively in Monaco. MORE : McLaren boss disappointed by Daniel Ricciardo’s F1 performances and ‘gap’ to Lando Norris MORE : Ferrari boss questions if Mercedes really closer to winning races in F1 title fight For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 