The musician who brutally bludgeoned 18-year-old Bobbi-Anne McLeod with a claw hammer while acting out his morbid fascination with serial killers like Ted Bundy has been jailed for life. Cody Ackland, 24, a guitarist with local indie band Rakuda, attacked the teenager as she waited for a bus in Plymouth in November last year. Ms McLeod’s family listened to the harrowing details of her final moments being outlined in public for the first time as Ackland was sentenced at the city’s crown court on Thursday. After assaulting her at the bus stop, Ackland loaded the semi-conscious teenager into the footwell of his Ford Fiesta and drove her 20 miles to the Bellever Forest car park on Dartmoor where, like Bundy, he killed her with a hammer. Ackland burnt Ms McLeod’s handbag and loaded her blooded body into his boot and drove 30 miles back towards Plymouth to Bovisand where he stripped her naked and left her in undergrowth. He later threw away her clothes in an allotment before spending the next 48 hours socialising with friends. Three days later, Ackland turned himself in and confessed, telling detectives where he had dumped her body. Ms McLeod was found on the afternoon of Tuesday November 23, naked and face down about 15ft down a steep wooded embankment. The teenager died from multiple injuries to her head and face, which could only have been inflicted ‘during a prolonged and frenzied attack’. A forensic investigation of Ackland’s car found extensive blood staining throughout the vehicle, including in the footwell of the passenger seat, where he forced Ms McLeod when he first snatched her from the bus stop. In a police interview after handing himself in, Ackland described catching the teenager’s eye as she fell and then stuffing her in his car as she sat up and tried to scream. He told officers he had to prop Ms McLeod up as he guided her towards the wooded area where he would murder her, saying she told him: ‘I’m scared.’ After recounting how the teenager was still breathing despite suffering 12 blows to the head and face, Ackland chillingly remarked: ‘It’s not funny but she started to make a noise and I thought “f****** hell, wow, I mean hats off to her”.’ He then said he finally choked the life out of her by treading on her neck. Ackland, from Southway, Plymouth, pleaded guilty to murder and was jailed for life with a minimum term of 31 years. Judge Robert Linford said it had been a ‘prolonged, savage and merciless attack’. He told Ackland ‘there were effectively four attempts by you to kill her’, adding: ‘The first was at the bus stop and you beat her over the head with a hammer. ‘The second was when you tried to strangle her in the car. The third was when you struck her repeatedly with a hammer on the moor in truly terrible circumstances, with her knowing what you were intent upon doing to her. ‘The fourth was when you stood on her throat. This was a prolonged and awful ordeal for this poor person.’ Judge Linford went on: ‘[Ms McLeod] was a young, popular and much-loved person, you caused outrage and fear in this part of the country and with good reason, it was utterly motiveless.’ He said Ackland would remain indefinitely a ‘highly dangerous person’, adding: ‘There is a strong possibility you may never be released from prison.’ As he left the dock, Ms McLeod’s brother Lee shouted: ‘You’re a dead man.’ Her mother Donna wept throughout the hearing. Richard Posner, prosecuting, said Ackland was leading ‘a double life’ and harboured an obsession with serial killers in the UK, Australia, US and Russia. Mr Posner said Ackland had conducted extensive searches about ‘their crimes, the aftermath of such crimes, and the bodies left behind in days leading up to Bobbi-Anne (McLeod’s) death’. He said he had also been trawling the web pages of DIY stores for ‘hammers, crowbars and cutting tools’. ‘Cody Ackland led a double life. When he left home on November 20 and drove through Leigham in Plymouth towards the bus stop where Bobbi-Anne was,’ the prosecutor said. ‘He held such an unhealthy fascination and desire to imitate serial killers. His fascination was to become an unimaneagable wicked reality for Bobbi-Anne.’ The court heard that police found a trove of over 3,000 dark and disturbing images on Ackland’s phone. Many of them were of the mutilated bodies of murder victims, as well as murder weapons, soiled and bloodied clothing, and the sites victims were found out. Investigators found from August to November last year, Ackland had looked for information about several murderers, including Ted Bundy, Golden State Killer Joseph DeAngelo Jr, Andrei Chikatilo, Ivan Milat, Fred West and Tommy Sells. In the week before killing Bobbi-Anne McLeod, Ackland carried out further searches for Ted Bundy, Fred West and ‘Fred West’s house’. Two days the murder, he also looked up Richard Chase, the Vampire of Sacramento, and ‘Richard Chase bodies’. The day before handing himself into police, Ackland also searched for serial killer Ed Kemper. Mr Posner said: ‘His interest in the macabre presents as deep-rooted; a fascination with death, murder and murderers and the means to commit murder.’ Rakuda, who released their first EP in August last year, announced in November they would disband ‘with immediate effect’, but weeks later said they would be taking a ‘short hiatus from the music scene’ with a view to reforming in the spring of 2022. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.