A seaside property belonging to the ‘real-life Doc Martin’ is being sold for the first time in 30 years. And it can be yours for a cool £3.75million.Located in the picturesque seaside town of Rock, on the north Cornish coast, the home is called Iona and is a Georgian house that belonged to the doctor who inspired the hit show. Martin Brook, who is known as the ‘real Doc Martin’ by locals, inspired the character Martin Bamford in the 2000s comedy film, Saving Grace. In the movie, Brook’s character is the loveable but sometimes oblivious local doctor. Due to its success, a series was commissioned. This resulted in the iconic ITV television show Doc Martin. Now, after 30 years, the much-loved family home has come on the market and offers a piece of Cornish history to the new owner. Set across 2,843 sq ft, there are five bedrooms, two bathrooms, three reception rooms, an open plan kitchen and dining area, an office, utility room and a study. Accessed via a private lane, the house opens to a gravelled carport and a charming stone pathway to the front door. As you enter, the hallway brings you to the ground floor rooms including the bespoke kitchen – complete with an Aga – the living room (with its striking red walls and wood burning stove, perfect for cosy winter evenings), and a small study. Upstairs, a large stained-glass window allows ample light to shine through as you approach the spacious bedrooms. Large sash windows offer views over the garden, alongside a roll-top bathtub and fireplace to create a relaxing space. Outside, the mature grounds – which extend to almost an acre – include a greenhouse, vegetable garden and storage shed. Wrapping around to the front of the property, there’s even a separate seating area. The property has potential to be used as a holiday home, family home or as an investment opportunity. Fern Cottage, which is used as the fictional home of Dr Martin Ellingham played by Martin Clunes, is also currently on the market.The stone-fronted property is located in Port Isaac and is on the market for £1.25million, while Iona has a guide price of £3.75million with John Bray Estates. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Derelict’ property unoccupied for 60 years is on the market for £350,000 MORE : An expert reveals the ‘four Ps’ of property investment you need to know MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value