Rihanna took her baby bump on another star-studded night out this week, with the singer rubbing shoulders with fellow celebrities at Dave Chappelle’s big comedy show. The Diamonds singer attended the Netflix Is A Joke: The Festival event with boyfriend A$AP Rocky on Tuesday evening looking very heavily pregnant, as they expect their first child any day now. However, Rihanna, 34, showed no sign of exhaustion in the late stages of her pregnancy, donning another eye-catching get-up featuring a crop top and skirt leaving her baby bump on show. She may not be able to drink but it looks like Rocky was doing the swigging for her, as he was seen with a bottle of champagne in hand. The couple, who have been dating since early 2021, posed for a photo with comedian Michael Blackson, who revealed they were hanging out just before Chappelle was attacked on stage by an audience member. Sharing the photo to Instagram, Michael joked: ‘I thought I was going to have to deliver a baby last night backstage at the Hollywood bowl. ‘All this happened 30 mins before some rapper with 3,000 mixtapes and no album attacked my neega Dave. The clout chaser ended up with a new eye and two left arms. Yesterday security is not today’s security lol.’ He was, of course, referring to Chappelle being knocked to the ground by a young man, as he performed the last section of his stand-up show. Police have identified the attacker as Isaiah Lee and he has been charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident. Meanwhile, Rihanna and Rocky were no doubt keen to blow off steam after what has been a stressful few weeks for the couple. Goldie rapper Rocky has been hit with cheating allegations from two women, one of who is a British mother-of-three and claims he sent her messages on social media. He was also rumoured to have been having an affair with shoe designer Amina Muaddi, but she later came out to deny the claims. The 33-year-old rapper was also arrested at LAX airport in April in relation to a shooting that took place in November 2021. Rocky, real name Rakim Myers, was arrested and released on bail pending investigation. He and Rihanna announced they were expecting their first child in February after more than a year of dating, and are due to expect their bundle of joy this spring. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Met Gala 2022: Rihanna blown away over pregnancy tribute with marble statue of her baby bump MORE : Pregnant Rihanna shows loyalty to boyfriend A$AP Rocky as she watches him perform after arrest for shooting and cheating allegations 