Sophie Ellis-Bextor has revealed why she turned down a job as a Eurovision judge. The singer, 43, had been due to make up part of the UK judging panel several years ago but at the last minute it was announced she was unable to take part. At the time, it was reported this was down to ‘unforeseen circumstances’, with the star later ‘wishing all the participants a great show’. Now the Murder On The Dancefloor icon has now gone into more detail around the decision and revealed why she turned down the opportunity. She explained that, when she was asked to take part in the 2019 judging panel, she had a very young child and was told she would not be able to bring the baby with her. Speaking to the Radio Times, Sophie said she had a ‘very small baby that I was still feeding, and they wouldn’t let me bring it along’. She joked she was ‘pretty sure the baby would have been impartial,’ but accepted that Eurovision ‘has very much got its rules’. As well as not being able to bring her baby, Sophie revealed the judging panel were banned from speaking during the show, which also added to her decision. ‘We weren’t going to be allowed to speak while we were watching it either and I thought, “I can’t watch Eurovision in silence”,’ she said. While Sophie didn’t land a spot on the official judging panel, last year the star hosted a special Eurovision Kitchen Disco warm-up party on Radio 2, named after her massively popular online sessions during lockdown. Elsewhere in the interview, Sophie spoke about how close Eurovision is to her heart, recalling being ‘fascinated’ by it when she was a child. And, she revealed, she even enjoys the ‘political undertones’ to the show and how the UK famously does poorly each year, saying it is ‘part of the fun’. However this might not be the case this year, with the UK entry Sam Ryder tipped to do pretty well. The 32-year-old TikTok star will be representing the UK with his song, Space Man, which according to Betfair is tipped to come in fourth place, with odds of 12/1. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sophie Ellis-Bextor celebrates birthday with rare snap surrounded by five sons MORE : Sophie Ellis-Bextor stalker warned of criminal prosecution if behaviour persists 