Take stock of what is really important to you today. It’s important to touch base with your authentic self. Aries, it’s okay to feel insecure every now and again. Beware of dreamy energies distracting you from your course, Cancer. Pisces, your emotions matter. Listen to them and don’t be too self-critical. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 17, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 There might be reasons why you aren’t comfortable with yourself, and perhaps you sense this keenly. If your self-esteem feels shaky over coming days, do something nice for yourself. It will soon return. It won’t hurt to spend some time relaxing and walkingin nature. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Questioning your values? You might wonder if you are sending out the right signals, especially in connection with social media. This is a time to stand up for what you believe in. By sharing your ideas and beliefs, you’ll enable others to do the same. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Want to project a positive image that will send the right signals to those who pull the strings? You might try to be all things to all people. This aspect encourages you to work behind the scenes, rather than stand in the spotlight. Still, you’ll be aware of vibes, that give you an advantage. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 You could try out new ideas and beliefs every day, but it might not help you resolve anything or give you a sense of direction. There might be too many unanswered questions that keep you from hitting the target. Wait a few days, as dreamy energies can so easily drag you off course. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You’re keen to move in new circles. This is all to the good, as in the process you’ll make new friends. But with a misty angle also showing up, assessing one key connection more objectively might help you see it in perspective. Feel awkward around this person? Don’t dismiss any intuitive nudges. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You’re riding on a wave of emotion and your feelings for someone might be overwhelming and out of your control. And while it’s easy to say don’t get too carried away, in practice it might not be possible. For the coming days, it’s best not to promise anything that you could regret. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 You might have plenty you want to do, but never have time. With the Moon forging an awkward tie to Neptune, you could notice this more strongly than usual, making you want to do something about it. If you feel you’ve wasted opportunities, then something might shift. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 This is one of those times when everything can appear bathed in light. Even the most awkward issues could have redeeming qualities. This perspective might have the effect of bringing out the best in situations and others. It’s also a very creative time. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Is someone playing games with you? It can certainly seem like it and it’s hard to know what to do about it. You could ignore this and carry on as you are, but the situation might only get more complicated. You’ll make better decisions if you know what’s going on. A few questions might help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 If you’ve been anxious, the last thing you’ll want to do is handle anything complex. Plus, you might be keen to avoid discussions that bring up uncomfortable emotions. This is understandable if something has been bothering you. Talk to someone you can trust. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Explore new facets of an absorbing hobby. This could see you relishing a challenge that expands your horizons, leaving you happier. On a material note, the desire to indulge might be strong, unless you can avoid temptation. A pause for thought might help break the spell. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You’re in a sensitive mood, making it more difficult to handle people who seem critical. You don’t have to please everyone. Slow down and consider your feelings, as they really do count. Realise you have more power than you think. Making choices that feel good is a starting point. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 15 to May 21 – and the start of Gemini season MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid