A woman found dead in her shower died while engaging in a sex act, and coroner has ruled. Sandra Moore, 40, who was also known as Michaela, was found dead at her flat in Shelton, Stoke-on-Trent, in the early hours of May 31 last year. An inquest into her death was told she had been inside with a man who was seen leaving shortly before her body was discovered in the bathroom. Police launched a murder investigation but later ruled out any third-party involvement. Medical tests revealed she had monkey dust – or cathinone – in her system when she died, and the cause of death was given as external neck compression caused by hanging during an act of ‘autoeroticism’. A police officer told the inquest Ms Moore had been working as a prostitute. Men would climb through the window to gain access to the female-only block, it was said. Detective Sergeant Adam Turton said: ‘We spoke to other residents who were there. They didn’t see her but had seen men previously come into her room by climbing through the window. ‘It’s an all-female accommodation and men are not allowed. (She) used drugs and was involved in prostitution, according to a witness.’ A member of staff at the accommodation said Ms Moore was last seen alive arriving back at the block at midnight. They told the inquest: ‘At 12.20am, I heard a bang so I knocked on her door. At 1am, I heard another loud bang, I went to her door and knocked. She spoke through the door. ‘I asked her to keep the noise down. At 1.30am, I asked if she was okay and there wasn’t a response. I didn’t have any concerns. ‘At around 7.55am, I heard a male come out of her room. I had never seen him before. I went inside and saw she was inside the shower. I left to get my phone to call the ambulance.’ The inquest was told the man was arrested and interviewed on suspicion of murder. DS Turton told the inquest the man admitted being in the flat and described Ms Moore as an old girlfriend. It was said the pair met the day before her death, with Ms Moore described as being upset. The detective went on: ‘She invited him back and he sneaked in. They talked and smoked. He passed out. ‘They both used monkey dust together. He denied murder. On CCTV we could see the two of them. It gave support to his story. There was no evidence to suggest force was used on her.’ North Staffordshire assistant coroner Daniel Howe ruled out suicide, instead recording a conclusion of ‘misadventure’. He said: ‘The findings are in keeping with her having hanged herself. On the balance of probabilities, this was not an attempt to end her own life. ‘There’s no clear evidence of recent suicidal ideation. It was an act of autoeroticism. I do not find she intended to end her own life. It’s not a case of suicide. The conclusion is one of misadventure.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.