A pub landlord has a framed apology from one of the world’s biggest publishing companies to hang in his bar after a bizarre legal complaint. The Star Inn at Vogue was threatened with court action by Condé Nast, which owns the fashion magazine Vogue, over its name. Mark Graham was stunned when he received a letter from the firm complaining about his pub’s name – despite it being linked to the Cornwall hamlet where it has stood for 200 years. Condé Nast was mocked online after his reply pointing out the magazine had not asked the tiny village’s permission to use its name when it was founded. The company has apologised and sent a signed and framed copy of the correspondence retracting the cease and desist order. It’s ready for pride and place in the bar and admits the confusion came about when its name popped up on a public record of businesses operating in the UK. Condé Nast lawyer Christopher P Donnellan wrote: ‘I am sure you will appreciate why we regularly monitor use of the name Vogue, including at Companies House (which is how we were alerted to your company name). ‘However, you are quite correct to note that further research by our team would have identified that we did not need to send such a letter on this occasion.’ The company wished the hamlet and pub’s patrons well – but the landlord doesn’t want the association to end there, offering to host a fashion show to coincide with an ale festival in June. His original reply to the company’s ‘hilariously funny’ request to change its name was a ‘categorical no’. He wrote: ‘I presume your magazine bases its name on the dictionary term for being in fashion which is uncapitalised as used in the Oxford English Dictionary. ‘If a member of your staff had taken the time to investigate they would have discovered that our company, the Star Inn, is in the small village of Vogue, near St Day, Cornwall. ‘Yes, that’s right, Vogue is the name of our village, which has been in existence for hundreds of years and in fact is a Cornish word, not English. ‘I note in your letter that you have only been in existence since 1916 and I presume that at the time when you chose the name Vogue in the capitalised version you didn’t seek permission from the villagers of the real Vogue. ‘I also presume that Madonna did not seek your permission to use the word Vogue (again the capitalised version) for her 1990s song of the same name. ‘You are both at liberty to use the uncapitalised version without our permission. ‘As a side note she didn’t seek our permission either.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.