House-sharing is always risky: depending on your housemates, you can end up having the best living arrangement ever, or the worst. Molly Wyss, an American student living in London, found herself with the latter. Despite paying £1,000 a month to live in a room in a four bedroom flat, Molly is currently being forced to live in a complete tip because her three flatmates refuse to clean up after themselves. ‘It’s just disrespectful,’ said Molly, 19. ‘There’s so much mould everywhere. ‘I’ve gotten sick more than I ever have in my life and it’s because of the mould and state of the house, which is not okay.’ The fashion and business student went viral after sharing a video of the state of her home on TikTok. Images featured in the video show a mould-ridden bathroom with beard trimmings scattered across the floor, as well as a build up of toothpaste covering the cupboard tops. The washing machine is covered in mould leading you to believe clothes will be dirtier than they were before being put in to be cleaned. The kitchen is no better off as the bin is overflowing with takeaway pizza boxes. The cooker has leftover food and grease splattered over the hobs. Molly, the only woman in the flatshare, which she found online, says she even has to wear shoes in the shower due to how bad it’s gotten. ‘I’m trying to find a way that I can afford a gym membership so I can shower somewhere else, it’s that bad,’ she says. ‘Part of the problem has to do with the state that the property has been left in. ‘For example, there’s a separate shower room with no lock on the door which I flagged as a safety issue as the only female there but no one has been in to fix it.’ Molly’s TikTok quickly racked up 480k views – and users were quick to comment on the shocking video. ‘Ain’t no freaking way, they have to pay you if you clean. I would simply throw away all their stuff,’ said one person. Another commented: ‘How are you surviving?????’ Another user added: ‘Girl, please move out. I have been where you are now. I now live in Kingston, beautiful large flat and share with only one girl. Move out asap.’ Thankfully, Molly won’t be bound to her current living situation much longer, as she’s coming up to the end of her lease, and has even had some girls reach out to her via TikTok to see if she’d like to find a place with them. ‘I made the TikTok because I wanted to show this is what London can be,’ she says. ‘You have to be careful.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Student transforms old school bus into chic tiny home for less than £8,000 MORE : Creepy property listing shows off home with Michael Myers lurking in photos MORE : Mums share clever 10p hack to get ovens sparkling clean