Johnny Depp returned to the stand in his defamation case against Amber Heard, and alleged that she attacked him on their honeymoon. The 58-year-old appeared in front of the jury on day 22 of the trial, held at the Fairfax County Courthouse – shortly after Kate Moss’ brief testimony – and accused his ex-wife of being violent towards him while on holiday. Speaking about their 2015 trip, in which they traveled on the Orient Express from Thailand to Singapore, he claimed that the Aquaman actress, 36, gave him a ‘shiner’ during an argument. ‘There were times when it was very agreeable, very nice. There were times when somethings had become dissatisfactory for her and she would start the rant, the blooming of a fight,’ the Pirates of the Caribbean actor told the court. ‘At one point, I don’t remember it lasting long at all, I just remember I took a pretty good shot to the eye, so I had a bit of a shiner. ‘It all went, ended, and everything got fine again. We went to dinner and everything was all fine again.’ Depp said that he did not recall whether his former partner apologized over the alleged attack. When presented with a picture from the trip, which saw the former couple posing with staff members, he referred to an apparent injury under his eye. ‘Ms Heard hit me,’ he said of the mark in the photo in question, which was shown in court. Questioned over whether this was a correct representation of what he looked like at the time, amid speculation of Photoshop, he replied: ‘It certainly looks like me with a black eye.’ The Edward Scissorhands star claimed that it may be difficult to alter the picture with ‘the amount of people in the shot’. Depp also hit back at the abuse allegations against him, after Heard previously testified that he slapped her and penetrated her with a bottle. His lawyer asked what it had been like to listen to her testimony, given earlier this month, to which he added: ‘It’s insane to hear heinous accusations of violence, sexual violence, that she has attributed to me, that she has accused me of. ‘I don’t think anyone enjoys having to split themselves open and tell the truth but there are times when one simply has to because it’s got out of control. ‘Horrible. Ridiculous. Humiliating. Ludicrous. Painful. Savage. Unimaginably brutal. Cruel and all false. All false. ‘No human being is perfect, none of us. But I have never in my life committed sexual battery, physical abuse, all these outlandish, outrageous stories of me committing these things and living with it for six years, and waiting to be able to bring the truth out. ‘This is not easy for any of us, I know that, but no matter what happens. I did get here and I did tell the truth and I have spoken up for what I’ve been carrying on my back, reluctantly, for six years.’ Depp is currently suing Depp over an op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post, in 2018, in which she discussed her experiences of domestic abuse. His team has argued that – while he was not named – it implied he was sexually and physically abusive during their romance, something he has denied. He is seeking $50million in damages, and Heard is countersuing for $100million, claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Daley to offer up knitting tips in new book after making hobby cool again at Olympics MORE : Zendaya and Anne Hathaway stun in Bvlgari advert and fans are obsessed: ‘It feels like a sexy rich lesbian murder drama’ 