A dog who was mourning the loss of her stillborn puppy has gone on to adopt a litter in need. French bulldog Perrie and her owner Nakita Wilson were both left heartbroken after the four-year-old dog birthed a stillborn on May 23. After she lost the pup, poor Perrie refused to eat or leave her bed. Nakita – a French bulldog breeder who prides herself in breeding health-tested, fit and functional Frenchies – said: ‘She was very sad and howling. ‘When I brought her home she wouldn’t eat and wouldn’t come out of her bed. Me and her were both depressed.’ However, the very next day, 31-year-old Nakita got a call from her vet who asked if she would be willing to take a litter of unwanted puppies that had just been born. The pups, also French bulldogs, were born that day – but their cruel owner is said to have asked for them be put down, due to the length of their tails. Nakita, from Largs, North Ayrshire, believes this was ‘fate’ and immediately said “yes.” Perrie has since bonded with the litter like they’re her own. ‘The vet phoned me and started asking how Perrie was after the loss and then said that they had a Frenchie come in for a C-section and that they left the puppies,’ said Nakita. ‘I was just in disbelief that someone would do that in the first place because they don’t have tails. ‘I knew that the best chance for the puppies would be to give them a proper mum, and it would make Perrie happy. ‘But I was also worried about the puppies because they weren’t from responsible breeders. ‘We had come to terms that Perrie wouldn’t have pups, but it was just a total U-turn. ‘Mothers who have had their own puppies sometimes don’t take to them straight away, but she has. ‘She has really embraced being a mum, I think it was fate. ‘She was feeding them straight away. They were crying a lot on the first night but after that, they settled down. ‘Perrie has always been obsessed with puppies and used to try and steal them from other mums. ‘She is the most maternal dog I’ve ever known and is so happy she got them.’ Nakita posted a video on TikTok last week showing Perrie before and after meeting her new brood. She wrote: ‘There is a reason I surround myself with animals and not humans – humans are vile at times and animals don’t judge.’ The clip has reached an impressive 7.1 million views and got more than 800,000 likes in just one day, with thousands of animal lovers flooding the comments. One said: ‘I’m so glad she got her babies, but I feel for the other mum who had them taken away from her. People can be so atrocious.’ Another wrote: ‘It takes a special mum to adopt puppies immediately! So sorry for your loss, singletons are hard. She looks so happy to have munchkins to look after.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Terrier who’s spent most of his life in kennels let down on rehoming day MORE : Farm family spares puppy-like Jersey cow from slaughter: ‘He’s my buddy’ MORE : The top mistakes puppy owners make and how to avoid them