Ellie Warner has asked for donations to a brain injury charity for her birthday, after her boyfriend was seriously injured after being hit by a car. The Gogglebox star, 32, took to Facebook to ask people to donate to Headway, a charity supporting those living with brain injuries. She wrote: ‘For my birthday this year, I’m asking for donations to Headway – the brain injury association. ‘I’ve chosen this charity because their mission means a lot to me, and I hope that you’ll consider contributing as a way of celebrating with me.’ Ellie added a link for people to donate directly to the charity, which aims ‘to promote the understanding of all aspects of brain injury and to provide vital information, support and services to people with a brain injury, their families and carers.’ It comes after her boyfriend Nat was hit by a car in Halton, Leeds, six weeks ago while walking home from a night out. Ellie has been absent from Gogglebox since the accident, which left Nat seriously injured, so that she can be by his side as he recovers. Insiders had said that Nat had suffered a broken neck and back as well as two collapsed lungs after the accident on March 18, and was reportedly placed on a life support machine initially. West Yorkshire Police said in a statement at the time: ‘The pedestrian remains in a critical but stable condition in hospital and enquiries into the incident are ongoing”. A source close to Ellie previously told The Sun: ‘Ellie’s focus, 100 per cent, is on Nat and supporting him in his recovery. ‘She’s been told to take as much time off as she needs  and it is very unlikely she will be returning during the current series. Producers have told her to take as long as she needs.’ Headway’s Deputy Chief Executive Luke Griggs thanked Ellie for her kind gesture, adding in a statement: ‘The thoughts of everyone at Headway are with Nat and Ellie, as well as their family and friends. ‘We understand the pain and anguish of sitting by the hospital bedside of a loved one following a brain injury. Often the concern around their current condition is compounded by uncertainty over what the future may hold. ‘We are extremely grateful that Ellie is supporting the charity in this way, but more importantly we want to ensure she avails herself of the support we provide to families and partners, as well as brain injury survivors. ‘The immediate aftermath of a brain injury can be a daunting and frightening place and we want to ensure nobody has to face it alone.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox hit with further Ofcom complaints after X-rated duck scene sparks backlash MORE : Gogglebox’s Ellie Warner receives full pay for series after dropping out to care for boyfriend 