Peter Andre has addressed the ‘elephant in the room’ after the so-called Wagatha Christie trial, when Rebekah Vardy brought up previous comments she made referring to the singer’s ‘chipolata’. During Vardy’s trial against fellow WAG Coleen Rooney – who she is suing for libel after being accused of leaking stories about her to the press, which she denies – a past interview she gave about an alleged sexual encounter with Andre was brought up. In the article, Vardy reportedly said that Andre’s penis was like a ‘miniature chipolata’, with the singer later releasing a video on social media in response emphasising the importance of looking after mental health and being kind. On Friday’s edition of Loose Women, the Mysterious Girl singer joined the panel in the ITV studio to talk about his starring role in Grease on London’s West End. However, Kaye Adams told him that she had to ask him about the Wagatha Christie trial, particularly considering his name has been making headlines as a result. ‘Are you asking me to address the elephant in the room?’ the 49-year-old asked light-heartedly, while also speaking to Stacey Solomon, Judi Love and Nadia Sawalha. Sawalha told Andre how much she admired him for the video he posted on social media, describing it as ‘authentic and classy and necessary after all that time’. ‘I think you’re absolutely right, that it probably would have been very different if that had been somebody talking that way about a woman,’ she added. The former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! star explained that it wasn’t the remark itself that he found upsetting, but the fact that it’s been brought up time and time again. ‘On reflection on that, I think it’s not the fact that something was said, because we all say stupid things. It’s more about the fact that something’s brought up again and again and again and again,’ he said. ‘At some point you kind of go, ok. That’s the only thing. It’s not even, it becomes more than just that. That’s just, ok, we all say stupid things, everyone does. I’m sure I’ve said many stupid things in my life.’ Andre went on to stress how ‘scary’ he finds the nature of online grooming on the modern social media landscape, having shot a film with his son Junior about the dangers the internet can pose to children. In the video recently shared on social media, he said: ‘Think how it feels if a man or if I had said this about her anatomy or if a man said something about a woman’s anatomy, made up something whatever, you can use your imagination about saying something very unflattering, there would be outrage. ‘But because it’s been said about me, it’s been the butt of all jokes, I’ve taken it for 15 years.’ Loose Women airs weekdays from 12.30pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Yes, Peter Andre really is posing with meat-free sausages after Rebekah Vardy chipolata-gate MORE : Rebekah Vardy returns to Instagram for first time since Coleen Rooney Wagatha Christie trial began 