A pro-Kremlin journalist accidentally helped Ukraine when he identified where a major Russian weapon was. Aleksandr Kots, dubbed a ‘propagandist’ by the west, showed off Moscow’s 2S4 Tyulpan 240mm self-propelled heavy mortar – the largest calibre mortar system currently in service. But the next day, Ukrainian armed forces were able to blow it up thanks to his input. The weapon, designed during the Cold War, was created to destroy huge buildings. It has already been used in the Ukraine war – in Donetsk, Luhansk and at the Azovstal steelworks in Mariupol. After Ukrainian fighters manning the mill were forced to surrender, the weapon was moved from Mariupol to Severodonetsk. This is the largest city still under Kyiv’s control in Luhansk and the Kremlin is desperate to seize it. Mr Kots took it upon himself to flaunt the terrifying weapon to Russians back home, displaying several different angles. But the detailed report ended up locating the weapon and the Ukrainian military had completely destroyed it within 24 hours. Vladimir Putin is believed to have up to 400 mortar systems in Russian reserve – but they are all currently inactive. About 50 usable versions of the weapon reportedly remain in service. It comes after reports that Russia carried out a secret mission to retrieve the bodies of sailors who were allegedly ‘left to drown’ when the Moskva cruiser was hit on April 14. Moscow has previously denied Ukraine had destroyed its Black Sea Fleet flagship – insisting the ship was damaged while being towed to port in stormy weather. But up to 510 crew members were on the ship and their loved ones have since complained about having ‘no information or rescue efforts’. The Ukrainian military claims the Kremlin had to collect the bodies so there was no evidence of any cover-up. The spokesperson for Kyiv’s defence ministry, Vadym Skibitskyi, said: ‘They retrieved the bodies, removed all the equipment that was classified, and cleansed this cruiser. ‘They took what wasn’t supposed to fall into the hands of a third country.’ The Telegram channel Ishi Svoikh, which Ukraine previously set up to inform Russian relatives about the fate of their loved ones at war, added: ‘It is completely unclear what happened to the bodies next.’ The salvage operation reportedly took two weeks to complete. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.