Selling Sunset star Chrishell Stause made a light-hearted ‘closet’ joke in a new Instagram video, after speaking out about her new relationship with non-binary musician G Flip for the first time. In the reunion of the Netflix show, which dropped on Friday, she and ex-boyfriend Jason Oppenheim were left in tears as they opened up about what happened when they decided to break up. Chrishell later divulged details about her new romance with Australian singer G Flip, whose pronouns are they/them and is known for their hit songs GAY 4 Me and Lover. In a couple of videos shared on her Instagram Story, the real estate agent provided her followers with an update on her closet in her home, which is currently under construction. Filming in a bikini, Chrishell said in the clip: ‘Ok, closet update guys, look at this. We’ve got all the marble on there now, we’ve got the rose quartz, which is so pretty,’ as she filmed a close-up of the wall. The 40-year-old then added: ‘Yeah, it’s coming along. Ok! I’m going to come out of it now,’ before smirking and tilting her head. In the reunion, Chrishell’s revelation about her budding relationship came as a surprise to several of her castmates, as she discussed how she and Jason went their separate ways as they didn’t agree on their desire to begin a family. ‘Recently I met someone who is in a different place in their life as well,’ she said: ‘You don’t get to choose when you meet someone in their life. Recently I met someone who is in a different place in their life as well…’ She continued: ‘I’ve been spending a lot of time with someone who is very important to me, they’re called G Flip, they’re non-binary so they go by they/them.’ Jason was adoringly supportive of his ex, stating: ‘They seem like a badass for one and seeing her smile the last couple of minutes makes me very happy. I’m proud of you.’ During a recent interview with Metro.co.uk, The Oppenheim Group realtor Maya Vander claimed that Jason ‘still loves’ Chrishell, saying: ‘They are both mature and grown people and I think Jason really tried. I think he still loves Chrishell, probably. ‘It couldn’t come to the finish line in terms of kids and they just wanted different things. I was sad for them, I know he tried.’ Selling Sunset is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selling Sunset’s Chrishell Stause confirms relationship with non-binary rapper G Flip – and Jason’s reaction is adorable MORE : Selling Sunset’s Maya Vander claims Jason Oppenheim ‘still loves’ Chrishell Stause as she moves on with non-binary partner 