Dave Chappelle’s attacker has been arrested and charged with assault after tackling the comedian on stage. The comic was performing a stand-up routine at the Hollywood Bowl as part of the Netflix Is A Joke tour when a man – named by LAPD as Isaiah Lee – stormed the stage and tackled him. LAPD has confirmed that the 23-year-old was charged with assault with a deadly weapon after the incident, according to Sky News. Reports claim he was carrying a replica gun with a knife blade inside when he lunged for the star. In shocking scenes last night, the 48-year-old was coming to the end of his stand-up routine in LA when he was approached by Lee. In video footage, he suddenly appeared to rush him from the side, before Jamie Foxx leapt on stage to help. The Django Unchained actor, who was watching the show from the wings, jumped to action and detained the attacker while the comedian quickly recovered. ‘I don’t know if that was part of the show or… I grabbed the back of that n****s head, his hair was spongy, absorbent,’ he told the audience shortly after the incident. ‘Listen, I just want to say I’ve had an incredible time. This guy is a genius, we’ve got to protect him at all times, man. This is what it’s about,’ he continued, referring to Foxx. ‘For every comedian that comes out here, this means everything. You’re a genius, you’re a legend, I enjoyed myself thoroughly and we’re not gonna let nothing happen to you.’ A spokesperson for the Hollywood Bowl said in a statement: ‘The incident that occurred at the Hollywood Bowl on May 3 2022 is an active investigation and we are unable to comment further at this time.’ Footage later emerged of Lee being detained by security guards as a crowd watched on. He was seen leaving the venue on a hospital gurney and was surrounded by police officers as he was loaded onto an ambulance, with what appeared to be a dislocated arm. Journalist Sharon Carpenter was in the audience and added to PA: ‘It looked like someone was dashing across the stage from the side. It was a little hard to see because people were standing up at that point and leaving. ‘But it looked like someone dashed from the side of the stage, lunged at Dave, and all I saw was Dave basically flying in the air. ‘He fell backwards on to his back, with his arms and legs up in the air. He was obviously in shock. We were all in shock. And I thought for a moment “okay, is this a prank?”’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Junior Andre gives fans teaser of his new music as he follows in dad Peter Andre’s footsteps as a singer MORE : Tyson Fury is the Thrifty King as he shells out £3 on charity shop sunglasses after big fight 