Boris Johnson left the internet flabbergasted earlier this week when he didn’t have a clue who Lorraine Kelly was. The Prime Minister was being interviewed by Susanna Reid on Good Morning Britain when he made the blunder, quite boldly asking: ‘Who’s Lorraine?’ In true Lorraine style, though, she got her own back at the Baftas this evening, making a cheeky dig at Mr Johnson. While presenting the news award at the 2022 bash, she said: ‘Hello, and a special hello to Boris, I’m Lorraine, lovely to see you.’ Absolutely savage. The GMB host grilled the leader on the cost of living crisis before handing back to the Scottish talkshow host in the studio, saying: ‘Lorraine is waiting to take up all the issues that you have brought up in this interview.’ When Susanna laughed and pointed out that Lorraine is a ‘legend,’ the PM said: ‘Fantastic, well, I look forward to talking to Lorraine.’ Lorraine’s ‘special hello’ to the Prime Minister tonight earned the daytime host cackles and cheers from the audience, as she took to the stage to hand out a trophy. The award went to ITV News At Ten for its coverage of the storming of the US Capitol. Lorraine has been taking her snub from Mr Johnson in good spirits, previously branding it ‘hilarious.’ Speaking to Daily Star at the Virgin Media British Academy Television Awards at The Royal Festival Hall, the 62-year-old said politicians like the PM ‘underestimate’ shows like hers. ‘I think you get a lot more from people with sugar and vinegar, as my granny used to say, and you can disarm people,’ she said. ‘A lot of politicians tend to underestimate newspapers like Daily Star or shows like mine, that’s fine, they can do that because then you can go in with the killer question and they’re taken aback.’ Lorraine added: ‘If you look for an example of a perfect political interview, it was Susanna with Boris Johnson. ‘She was brilliant, so well briefed, absolutely incisive and he didn’t quite know what to do.’ Lorraine was one of many stars walking the red carpet tonight, with the likes of It’s A Sin up for mega awards. Later in the evening, gongs will be handed out by a range of presenters, including Olivia Colman, Katie Piper, Ross Kemp, Suranne Jones, Tom Daley, and Lee Mack. The 2022 Baftas airs on BBC One tonight at 6pm. MORE : Bafta TV Awards 2022: Russell T Davies slams government’s privatisation of Channel 4 following It’s A Sin success: ‘Go and vote differently’ MORE : ‘My Doctor’: Doctor Who and Sex Education stars lead reactions to Ncuti Gatwa’s casting as new Time Lord 