So much can seem to go wrong on a Tuesday. All those plans, carefully laid out on a Monday can go awry and the rest of the week never seems to get back on track. Still, with a bit of help from the stars you can keep control of your Tuesdays, and have a much better idea of what to expect. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for today, May 3, 2022. Read on for your star sign’s forecast. March 21 to April 20 Today’s dynamic Jupiter/Pluto link suggests listening to your intuition, even if it’s encouraging you to do something that seems a tad scary. It might be easier to ignore your inner voice and focus on other things, Aries. If you do, it may seem to get more persistent the more you brush it away. If you follow through, you’ll realize you do have the ability to fulfil a high-powered goal. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 It’s time to join forces with others or another, so that you can accomplish more together than you could alone. A positive aspect involving fortunate Jupiter, suggests that a team or group of you dedicated to making something good happen, may have a powerful impact. And your results might inspire others to try something similar. Don’t underestimate what you’re capable of. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 If you get the go ahead for a project, then it may be because you have an idea whose time has come. The cosmic picture is so very dynamic, that the week ahead can be excellent for taking those first steps and building momentum. Make the most of this opportunity, as it might not come around again soon Gemini, and you’ll be upset if others with similar plans are succeeding. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A dynamic astrological setup can spotlight the possibilities open to you, if you decide to collaborate. Someone may be delighted by your talents and forward thinking, and if you agree to help them, you could accomplish something very special between you. Still, it might be wise not to have too many expectations, but to allow it all to unfold naturally. Forcing things won’t help. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may be thrilled by a plan, but aware that what you’re contemplating requires luck as well as persistence. Even so, you’ll be more than ready to go the extra mile to make it happen. This undertaking might involve you at a deep level, Leo. It could be something you believe in with all your heart. And even if things don’t quite go as expected, you’ll be ready to try again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Something could develop over the coming days, and the speed at which it does might surprise you. If you thought you had time to consider your next moves, it’s likely too late. You may be drawn into something you can’t control, and yet handling this challenge can be immensely rewarding. This might also link to a romance that could see you becoming a power couple. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 What might seem like a simple get-together, could become so much more, and may turn out to be a very positive occasion. Those you connect with over the days ahead could seem fated to spend time together, just so that you can chat and brainstorm exciting plans. This is down to a positive Jupiter/Pluto link that hints at new experiences and a chance to bring a dream to life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Getting your priorities right can be wise, as some plans might be more important than others. The path of least resistance may lead you to explore ideas that are interesting, but superficial. Yet you could hold back from getting involved in something that demands your energy and focus. It might be because you sense that this can change you at a very deep and personal level, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 As jovial Jupiter your ruler aligns with powerful Pluto, this aspect could be the key that unlocks the door to bigger and better things, Archer. It encourages you to take the plunge and embrace an idea, project or job offer that might initially seem out of your depth. It’s time to believe in yourself, as by taking this on you’ll prove that you have far more going for you than you thought. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You’ll feel very confident that your plans can materialize, Capricorn. And with Jupiter linking to Pluto in your sign, you’ll likely be right. You don’t suffer fools gladly, and are usually very realistic about your chances of success. You might not have enough experience to make this a breeze, but your willingness to pitch in and give it all you’ve got, could see you doing very well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 You may have a sterling idea, but unless it will help others or contribute to a good cause, your interest could quickly dissipate. If going through with it means you can give more to charity or to supporting projects that have others’ wellbeing at heart, you’ll be willing to put your all into making it a success. The outcome might change lives for the better, and be very satisfying to you. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Whatever else may be going on, you could find that a certain idea overtakes everything else. You might have many other things on your plate, but a potent Jupiter/Pluto tie can see you relinquishing these to focus on an opportunity that may not come around again for a while. This could be your big chance, and a bold approach can seal the deal and make it a reality, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness