Boxed wine was once considered a cheap option, and certainly not something you could bring to a nice dinner party. Due to boxed wine’s lower price point and portable packaging, it’s gained a less favourable image than its bottled counterpart; synonymous with Australian teenagers (who know it as ‘goon’) and commercial chefs trying to keep costs down. However, it seems that this reputation is gradually being shed, thanks in part to a new generation of vintners releasing their own cardboard-clad varieties. It’s trending, too. Research by Sainsbury’s revealed that one in four people aged 25 to 34 had bought boxed wine over lockdown, proving that young wine connoisseurs aren’t ashamed of bringing their own box. There are a number of reasons, the first one being that boxed wine is easier to transport – and so perfect for picnics and park drinks. Plus, the vacuum taps on most boxed options don’t let any extra oxygen in, meaning your wine stays fresh for up to a month in the fridge. For people trying to cut down on their alcohol intake, this takes away the dilemma of ‘well I’ve opened the bottle, I might as well finish it.’ Now, you’ve got the equivalent of three bottles that you can enjoy whenever. Then there’s the environmental factor: the packaging of these boxes produces 90% less CO2 than glass bottles and is 100% recyclable. If you’re not sold, it may be because you’re still of the impression that bag-in-a-box tipples are of lower quality. So we’ve rounded up our favourite winemakers who’ve ditched the bottle in favour of quality wines in cardboard instead. Laylo, launched in 2020 by Laura Riches and Laura Rosenberger, has eight varieties of wine to choose from, each priced from £32.99 per 2.25L box. Their Sauvignon Blanc was described as ‘A Triumph!’ by Masterchef judge William Sitwell – and they’ve earned a 4.8 star Trustpilot rating from customers. As well as the wine itself, the boxes are stunning, featuring Gaudi-inspired prints and chic florals – something you’d be proud to pop on the dinner table. Get your hands on Laylo’s wines here, and enter code SUMMERSUN to save £10 on your first order. Led by Master of Wine Justin Howard-Sneyd, Bib is on a mission to bring boxed wine to a new audience. A box of their Terre Di Marca Pinot Grigio will set you back just £28.80, and you can get a recycling bag with your order to send back any excess packaging. Bib also has a wine club, so you can sign up and receive boxes direct to your door. Buy on the Bib Wine website. Fans of organic wine will love Torri Cantine’s nature-focused ethos when it comes to winemaking. They also offer their products in boxes or ‘tubes’ that go up to 5L – ideal for if you’re entertaining. Prices start at under £30 too, so you can keep your party topped up for less. Buy on the Torri Cantine website. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Five ways to manage your doomscrolling habit in a healthier way MORE : For a whole day, my husband and I said ‘yes’ to all of our kids’ demands