A puppy thief tried to break free from prison by switching places with his brother, in a move you might see on TV. Elhaj Diarrassouba, 24, almost slipped out of HMP Five Wells in Wellingborough, Northamptonshire, during a family visit on April 11. His mastermind plan saw him handing his armband, used to identify inmates, to his sibling, hoping prison officers would not notice the difference. As the Londoner was just about to walk out with the rest of his family, a guard spotted the change of clothing the new inmate was wearing and apprehended him. ‘Families can mingle in the visiting hall,’ a prison source told the Sun. ‘They are not sitting across desks with glass in front of them and hence they can get closer. ‘At some stage, the brothers were able to swap an arm band used to identify inmates. ‘At the end of the visit, the brother went to join other prisoners who were going back to their cells. ‘A sharp-eyed officer spotted the difference in clothes and apprehended him. It was fortunate as Elhaj was just about to walk out.’ After the incident, Diarrassouba was taken to the prison’s Care and Separation Unit and put on the Escape List. He was also moved to Category A Woodhill jail in  Milton Keynes. A spokesperson for G4S, the firm managing the security at HMP Five Wells, said vigilant staff ‘intervened immediately’ and there were no security breaches as a result. ‘This happened in a matter of seconds,’ they added. The spokesperson stressed the two were brothers, not identical twins like previously reported. Diarrassouba was convicted of robbery and stealing a £3,000 American Blue  Bulldog at knifepoint in south Wales last August. Using a pocketful of fake £50 notes, he tried to con the dog-breeder Adam Moheiz who advertised puppies for sale on Instagram. Swansea Crown Court heard the deal went wrong when Mr Moheiz realised the money was counterfeit. At this point, Diarrassouba and his accomplice Joshua McCook threatened him with knives before getting away with the pedigree puppy in a car belonging to Diarrassouba’s girlfriend. Eagle-eyed Mr Moheiz noted the registration number of the vehicle, and police used that to trace the robbers to the woman’s home address where officers found the puppy. Diarrassouba was sentenced to five years in prison, and McCook to three years and nine months. Metro.co.uk has contacted Northamptonshire Police for a comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.