Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker no doubt splurged millions on their stunning Italian wedding but they appear to have scrimped on the pasta portions. The PDA-loving couple got hitched in the picturesque village of Portofino on Sunday, with their loved ones – including Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian and Megan Fox – watching them exchange vows. It was a lavish affair with the historic castle settings, countless Dolce & Gabbana outfits and a superstar DJ spinning the tracks at their wedding reception, but the hot topic on social media is… the food. Kourtney’s younger sister Kylie Jenner gave us mere uninvited mortals a glimpse into the evening celebrations and what was being dished up on the menu through her Instagram stories. Of course, everything was freshly cooked right in front of the guests with food stations for cannolis and pasta. The spaghetti was soaked in what appeared to be a rich tomato sauce and served up on a beautiful patterned plate, but the portions were far from generous. In Kylie’s video, the chef scooped up palm-sized balls of the pasta and placed them in the middle of the plates which only made them look even smaller. Reacting to the shockingly tiny portions, one commentator tweeted: ‘The pasta portion sizes at Kourtney Kardashian’s wedding yesterday. personally if a portion isn’t the size of my face I’m not interested.’ ‘So this is the serving of pasta guests got at Kourtney’s wedding and if I’d been there I’d have walked out in protest,’ another insisted. One quipped: ‘Sure Kourtney and Travis’s wedding looks magical, but imagine waiting all day for pasta and they serve you up this absolute bulls**t, I would leap into the sea.’ ‘The pasta portion size at kourtney kardashian’s wedding is the one of the saddest things i’ve ever seen,’ another stated. One tweeted: ‘The richer you are the stingier you are. This was the pasta portion served at Kourtney Kasrdashian’s wedding,’ before joking: ‘They are so lucky they’re not Indian.’ Kourtney and Travis’ wedding comes days after the couple were officially married at Santa Barbara courthouse last week, and more than a month after they had a drunken ‘practice’ wedding in Las Vegas. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian stuns in sparkling corset as she dances night away at Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker’s wedding MORE : Kylie Minogue discusses highly-anticipated Neighbours return as Charlene: ‘It was lovely and emotional’ 