Russia claims it has destroyed a major consignment of Western weapons sent to Ukraine’s army. The defence ministry in Moscow said it targeted a store in the west of the country by launching cruise missiles from the Black Sea. A statement claimed to have hit a ‘large batch of weapons and military equipment delivered from the USA and European countries’. Russia also says its bombs struck oil depots nears Odesa and shot down two fighter jets, as well as 14 drones. It’s unclear how much truth is in the Russian claims but invading forces are intensifying their efforts to seize the east of Ukraine after capturing Mariupol. The last fighters were told by their commanders to lay down their arms after a months-long defence ended with a brutal siege of the Azovstal steel plant. Kremlin forces continue to attempt a major offensive to take the entirety of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Its troops are digging in north of Kharkiv, according to the Institute for the Study of War, despite successful Ukrainian counter-attacks pushing them back. Russian generals are focussing efforts on advancing around Severodonetsk, a strategically located town. There are fears it could become another Mariupol, with heavy shelling being used to drive out defending forces, destroying civilian infrastrucutre in the process. Moscow says Western arms deliveries for Kyiv, and the imposition of drastic sanctions against the Russian economy, amount to a ‘proxy war’ effort by the West. The news of the attack on the weapons delivery comes after US president Joe Biden confirmed a new $40 billion package of aid for Ukraine. UK foreign secretary Liz Truss has revealed she is working on a plan to get arms to Moldova, which borders Ukraine and, like its neighbour, contains a region held by Russian separatists. She said she wanted state vulnerable to Vladimir Putin’s expansionist ambitions to have ‘Nato-standard’ weapons at their disposable. Ms Truss told The Telegraph: ‘How do we ensure that there is deterrence by denial, that Ukraine is permanently able to defend itself and how do we guarantee that happens? That’s what we are working on at the moment. ‘And that also applies to other vulnerable states such as Moldova. Because again, the threat is broader from Russia, we also need to make sure that they are equipped to Nato standards.’ Pressed on whether she wants to see Western weaponry and intelligence provided to Moldova, Ms Truss said: ‘I would want to see Moldova equipped to Nato standard. This is a discussion we’re having with our allies.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.