A young British woman claims she was left with Lego-style gnashers after undergoing a botched surgery abroad. Aida Azizii, 26, decided to travel to Tehran, Iran on May 7 and have composite bonding carried out. Usually an expensive treatment, she got it for a bargain at just £550 for 19 teeth. However, after six hours in the dentist’s chair, Aida says the procedure was a disaster. The project manager has now shared her ordeal online and has since had the wrongdoings corrected. Aida, from London, explains: ‘Iran is known for cosmetic procedures and is cheaper than Turkey. ‘I was very trusting of this new doctor that I had been recommended. I didn’t see any social media accounts, I just booked it there and then and he did it in one appointment, which I should have seen as red flag initially. ‘When the procedure started, the dentist was still busy with another patient so his dental assistant started the work, she reassured me and kept telling me to trust her as she always does it and that it’s her job.’ She continued: ‘In Iran, they love bright white teeth but I just wanted a natural white colour. Although she insisted she would give me a really nice bright white colour and that it would dull down over a year. ‘She chose the whitest colour I had ever seen. They were like piano keys. ‘She only did the four bottom teeth and then had to leave, so then the doctor finally took over.’ Aida’s decision to get the procedure was impulsive as she was visiting family in Iran at the time. She knew it would be cheaper to get it done there than in the UK or Turkey. Sadly, the result was not what she wanted. ‘When we finished, I looked in the mirror and couldn’t believe what he had done,’ she recalls. ‘I resembled a horse. They were way too big but he told me I would just get used to them. ‘I wasn’t even able eat because my back teeth weren’t touching and the tip of my tongue was sore as it was hitting back of teeth because the composite wasn’t bonded properly together. ‘My lips became so dry because I couldn’t close my mouth and my voice had changed too. ‘I had to go back after a few days and get them shaved down a little more, I was in so much pain and there was so much pressure on my front teeth. ‘Again, the doctor was busy so the assistant had to fix them, still telling me I could trust her, I reluctantly let her work on my teeth again, I was just in so much pain.’ Aida immediately went on the hunt for another doctor to remedy the situation. ‘I then found another doctor whilst still in Iran, she says. ‘He couldn’t believe how badly they had been done and asked me how long the previous doctor had been a doctor for but I wasn’t sure. ‘I was told that because they were so big and the all pressure was on my front teeth, if I had left them untreated, my natural teeth would have eventually fallen out. ‘He changed everything but the colour and he even compared them to chalk. ‘Luckily my teeth are fine now, just very white.’ Aida now advises others to do their research and be willing to pay more. ‘It cost me an additional £200 but I’m so glad I have saved my teeth from falling out,’ she notes. ‘Looking back, I don’t even think the first man I went to was a doctor. ‘I guess I didn’t look for certificate so it was me being stupid but at least it was just composite bonding and not veneers so my natural teeth weren’t shaved down.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman claims she got a sex toy stuck inside her and had to have surgery MORE : Euphoria’s makeup artist Donni Davy launches Half Magic beauty – here’s how to get it in the UK MORE : Mum planned her own funeral after terminal bowel cancer diagnosis – before getting ‘miracle’ all clear