You may need to be bold to turn your life around, or perhaps today is about taking those baby-steps. But whatever your distance and however long it might take to get there, today’s energies mean you must act on your potential now before it’s too late. So if you’ve been harbouring self-doubt, don’t. Anything is possible when the stars align. It’s time to believe in yourself. Today all your best qualities will radiate out of you like the sun, Aries. Embrace them. Take a little step towards your dreams Virgo. You never know what is around the corner. Pisces, brace yourself for an unexpected gift… Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 11, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 You’ll begin to radiate the qualities you are best known for. Even so, there could be a few hiccups and awkward issues to deal with. These might get you down, but they will also spur you on. You’ll tend to set bigger goals, and find ways of dealing with anything that may hold you back. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Rather than be stymied by your limitations, be curious about them. It’s time to question the hold they have over you and what you might do about it. Firstly, try not to give them too much attention. Sizzling energies encourage you to focus on your creativity. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Need help to reorganise your workload? A powerful insight could gift you with answers that, if used, might make life easier. If it seems that there is nothing you can do, then think again. There are endless possibilities open to you, you just need to see them and act on them. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 While Saturn’s rewind phase could set you thinking you have a problem, Jupiter’s presence reveals it might be the opportunity of a lifetime. If something isn’t working, then you might have to think out of the box or get advice. There is a way around it. This could be the breakthrough you need. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The Virgo Moon across your financial axis opposes both Mars and Neptune, which could lead to signing something you shouldn’t. Your exuberant mood, combined with the potential for confusion, might mean you don’t notice what’s going on. A pause for thought might save you. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Things are looking up. You might be frustrated if you’re sticking to a routine that is keeping you stuck in a rut. Are you craving something different, but feel uncertain how to make it happen? Things won’t change overnight, but gradual steps can soon take you to your dreams. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Not everyone will like everything you do and this is something to get used to. Don’t take it personally though, as it’s a fact of life. If you have something major to accomplish, it might mean ruffling a few feathers to make it happen. Be bolder and less worried about what others think. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Don’t be too hard on yourself. You might be blaming yourself for things that are going wrong, when it’s nobody’s fault. And with a few tweaks of your schedule, you could reinvent your days, and find that life becomes easier with swifter progress. Work smarter. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 You’re charismatic and appealing, and this can help you move forward with your plans. Even so, you might have reservations that prevent you from doing as much as you might to take things forward. Shifting gears can act as a catalyst, enabling you to tackle any fears due to your boldness. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 You’re capable. Yet there might be one thing you have resistance to and you might be aware of it just now. Perhaps focusing on the difficulties make it seem impossible. If you go for baby-steps, then it could get things moving. Just start with the easiest part of your difficult task. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 While people might be cheering you on, you could have doubts about a task. You might have no choice but to go ahead. Focusing on the outcome you want can make it easier. It will enable ideas to bubble up, which you might not have if you’re too aware of what might go wrong. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 You might find yourself talking at cross purposes and getting nowhere. If you’re holding an important meeting, it might be wise to postpone it. Especially with Mercury retro on the field adding to any confusion. On a brighter note, an unexpected gift can work wonders. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 8 to May 14 – and the start of Mercury Retrograde MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid