New legislation that would ensure restaurant and hospitality staff get to keep all their tips has been shelved, according to insiders. In September, business minister Paul Scully said it would become ‘illegal’ to withhold tips under the new bill. The move was made in response to more people using their cards to top, which gives employers far more control over how the money is divided. Back in 2016, Sajid Javid proposed the move back when he was business secretary, so clearly the idea has had plenty of support for some time. But despite this, the proposed law will not be included in the Queen’s Speech on Tuesday, insiders told the Financial Times. Under current rules, tips cannot be counted towards paying the minimum wage no matter how they are paid. In some cases, they are redistributed between front of house and kitchen staff to ensure everyone gets a fair share, but sometimes employers end up keeping a chunk. ‘Every year this government promises action to ensure fair tipping, and then does precisely nothing to deliver on that promise,’ Unite union general secretary Sharon Graham said. ‘A hospitality worker can lose thousands of pounds a year from their earnings when the employer refuses to hand over their tips. ‘In a sector notorious for long hours and low wages, tipping misappropriation is another abuse. If the government won’t fix it, Unite will.’ General secretary of the Trades Union Congress Frances O’Grady said ditching the plan would ‘betray some of the lowest paid and most vulnerable workers in Britain’. She added: ‘Fair tips are just the thin end of the wedge. Without new legislation workers will be denied a host of other vital rights and protections. ‘These include fair notice for shifts and payment for cancelled shifts, flexible working rights, and protection from pregnancy discrimination. ‘Ministers have no excuse for breaking their pledge to enhance workers’ rights – especially after the scandalous events at P&O. They will have conned working people.’ A Department of Business spokesperson did not confirm or deny that the bill had been dropped but encouraged restaurants to adopt ‘industry best practice’. They added: ‘Workers should absolutely get the tips they deserve, and customers should have reassurance that their money is rewarding staff for their hard work and good service.’ Labour’s deputy leader and shadow secretary of state for the future of work, Angela Rayner, said: ‘Boris Johnson is set to break yet another promise and allow tips to be pinched from under the noses of staff in bars, pubs, cafes and restaurants. ‘It’s not just pledges to let workers keep their tips that are being ditched along with the long-promised Employment Bill, but any action by the Conservatives to ensure fairness at work at all.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.