Kanye West has popped up in Japan with girlfriend Chaney Jones after his high-profile feud with Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson. The rapper, 44, was embroiled in public drama with ex Kim, 41, and her boyfriend, Saturday Night Live star Pete, 28 but has taken a step back from the limelight in recent weeks. Kanye had reportedly promised Kim he would stop the public feud after posting a string of rants against the comedian and even featured his cartoon likeliness being decapitated in his music video. Since then, Kanye has been keeping a low profile, but has now been seen in Japan on a break with new girlfriend Chaney, 24, whose looks have repeatedly been compared to ex Kim. The rapper appeared in Chaney’s Instagram Story on Wednesday night, in a photo of the pair cuddled up as they look across the city from a bridge. Dad-of-four Kanye dressed casually in a black and white plaid shirt and baseball cap, while Chaney donned a black leather jacket, resting her head on Kanye’s shoulder for the snap, which was taken from behind. Kanye and Chaney have been linked following his split with Uncut Gems actress Julia Fox; the pair dated for several months in what was the absolute epitome of a whirlwind relationship. Meanwhile, Pete and Kim hit it off in October 2021 when she hosted SNL, even sharing a kiss in an Aladdin-themed sketch. Pete appears to be head-over-heels for Kim, even appearing to have got her initials – and those of her children – tattooed on his neck recently. The comedian performed his first stand-up gig in three years over the weekend, and gave the audience what they wanted to hear when he referenced the beef between him and Kanye. According to Entertainment Tonight, the comedian opened his set with jokes about Kanye claiming Pete has AIDS, and Pete believing that it was true because Kanye ‘is a genius’. Kanye, meanwhile, has been keeping a low profile since the public digs, with a source telling Page Six: ‘For the sake of the kids, Kanye has told Kim he’s not making any public appearances or inflammatory social media statements, and he will go away somewhere to get better.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Upset Kanye West walked out of Kim Kardashian’s SNL monologue after she called him ‘rapper’ MORE : Kim Kardashian supports Pete Davidson at first stand-up gig in three years as he makes jokes about Kanye West 