Lorna Hart couldn’t believe her eyes when she saw her numbers come up for a £3.6 million jackpot. Unfortunately, the mother-of-four had decided to ditch her usual pick for one week only and didn’t win a penny. The 45-year-old said she was ‘pretty gutted’ when she realised her EuroMillions gamble has backfired spectacularly. She decided to ditch her usual numbers – 3, 25, 27, 28 and 29 – for a random selection HotPicks ticket instead. Her heart sank when she checked the results the next day to realised she’d have become an overnight millionaire if she’d gone with her usual selection. Lorna said: ‘I would have got £3.6 million but I put those numbers on the other game. ‘3, 25, 27, 28, and 29 came out in the EuroMillions, but I used the lucky dip for the EuroMillions. ‘I pick those numbers every week because they’re significant – one’s the day I met my current partner, one is my daughter’s birthday, another is the day I fell in love with my partner.’ The single mum, who suffers from chronic fatigue syndrome, has played the EuroMillions every single week since it began and dreamt of winning and buying her own home. She said: ‘I feel a bit deflated – I’m disabled, I’ve got ME (myalgic encephalomyelitis), so it would have made a big difference to my life. ‘I had to give up work about eight years ago, it was quite a life crisis. I’ve had a pretty tough time of it. ‘That kind of money would have meant a great deal and given me that security – it’s quite hard being on benefits. ‘I would have bought my own house, as I currently rent. ‘My daughter’s just finishing university so I would have found her somewhere to live – it’s really tough at the moment.’ Lorna says she’s now able to laugh about her misfortune and says that she is going out with her friends for ‘cake instead of Champagne’. She added: ‘At least I’ve got family and friends. That’s what’s really important.’ A new record was set this week for the biggest ever lottery winner by a UK ticket holder. The lucky EuroMillions player pocketed the entirety of a £184 million jackpot, topping the previous record of £170 million in October 2019. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.