The next Full Moon is on May 16, 2022, and this time it’s in Scorpio… meaning an intense period lies ahead. Full Moons present more opportunity for reflection than action, they bring an insightful, illuminating, contemplative energy to our world and make us pause to think about things we haven’t yet fully clarified or expressed. They bring stuff to the surface, basically. This Full Moon occurs in the Sun sign of Taurus and therefore sits with the opposing Moon sign of Scorpio. Scorpio’s passion meets Taurus’s practicality, although both signs are fixated on the notion of security, so it’s likely you’re obsessing (obsession is a Scorpio thing) over something which makes you feel insecure, unstable, doubtful, or shaky. The best way to think about this is to get practical (like a Taurus) and figure out a pragmatic, tangible means of addressing this fear IRL. Don’t go down a worry spiral. Talk it out, make notes, research options, create a plan of attack. Scorpio can link to sexual anxieties, trauma, themes about control or dominance, and private obsessions (yes, all heavy stuff). Ready to discover what deep personal insecurities you’re going to tackle this Full Moon? Let the tarot give you a clue. Ahead you’ll find a tarot horoscope for all the star signs, with one tarot card pulled and the meaning broken down for this key lunar event. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the Full Moon in Scorpio: Knight of Wands Meaning: You love to project a happy-go-lucky, carefree, fun exterior and façade to the world (and most people would describe you, as such, as you do this very well). You ARE the Knight of Wands. However, you have other selves too, and you also have a very private layer of insecurity about your prowess, likeability, talent, and resilience. You worry about handling life and you overthink and bottle up these self-doubts. Get them out. Journal them. Talk about them. Help them evaporate into ether (because they’re unfounded) so you can return to your Knight of Wands persona fully. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the Full Moon in Scorpio: Page of Cups Meaning: This card links to childhood and innocence. It could, literally, refer to a child in your family or circle who you worry about and have been spending time thinking how best you can help them, and now is the time to figure that out. It could be your own childhood self who has been sending emotional echoes to you, maybe via dreams or surges of emotion. Is there something, perhaps a moment of loss of innocence, that you can revisit now, as a kind and compassionate adult, and help your inner child face? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the Full Moon in Scorpio: Ten of Swords Meaning: You are enduring a toxic, overwhelming, and painful role, situation, or relationship in your life that the Ten of Swords believes you need to physically, mentally, and emotionally sever all ties with. This card pulls no punches. It’s a ‘get the hell out of there’ message. You have tried and tried here. You have put up with a lot, and it’s just not working, nor is it going to improve. This Full Moon, make a plan of escape and mentally shift your gaze towards the Exit. Enough’s enough. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the Full Moon in Scorpio: Two of Wands Meaning: You’re working out if what you’ve recently begun is living up to its hype, and whether you’re even going to continue. This is a valid route of questioning. Your time and energy are precious. The Two of Wands asks you to truly tune in to your intuition, gut instinct, and self-awareness. Is this working? Is this serving the purpose it needed to? Are there adjustments you can make to improve it? Or is this proving to be a choice you need to rethink? Make a conscious decision here this Full Moon, don’t let it drift on and on. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the Full Moon in Scorpio: Five of Wands Meaning: You are at odds with someone important in your life and the theme of control weighs heavily upon you both. The Five of Wands shows you are in conflict over who is leading, vs following, who has the power of veto and decision-making, and who is the ‘done to;. Can’t you come to a more win-win outcome? This Full Moon, think about compromises and allocating different weighting or territory amongst different things you come together on. You don’t need to have one ultimate lead, you can lead on different things. Stop butting heads. Start talking. Start coming to a compromise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the Full Moon in Scorpio: The Empress Meaning: Parenthood is often a strong theme with this card and perhaps there are questions, issues, unresolved feelings, or decisions around that theme in your life. It doesn’t have to be your own immediate family, past or present, as it could relate to what you’re seeing in a friend or family member’s life. I t’s certainly affecting you, and although you’re coming from a place of love and compassion, it’s hard not to look judgmental or critical. Work out what you need to say, and indeed if you need to say anything at all. Work out the root cause of your disquiet. Reflect. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Nine of Cups Meaning: You’re somewhat fixated on a dream, vision, or fantasy at the moment and, while there’s nothing wrong in that, you perhaps need a nudge to get busy activating it versus just thinking and pondering around it. Move from daydream to manifestation. The Nine of Cups is a great omen that you can achieve your heart’s desire, but you do need to act. Make a plan this Full Moon and spend a maximum of two weeks preparing/researching and then set your wheels in motion no later than the next New Moon (May 30) okay? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the Full Moon in Scorpio: The Emperor Meaning: Well, it’s your Full Moon, Scorpio, and The Emperor is one of your cards (given it links to Mars, one of your planets) and this card is ALL about control and dominance. So whatever power imbalances there are in your world (whether you’re the doer or the done to…) you can address them right now, get things balanced again, get things working and flowing more smoothly and without friction or suppression. It’s a time to put your most heartfelt dreams in motion, a time to repair your most important relationships – if there’s tension. Be clear what needs to change, be honest about the role you play, be open to compromise. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the Full Moon in Scorpio: The Wheel of Fortune Meaning: Although you’re a mutable sign, luckily ruled by fortunate Jupiter, and fueled by the Fire element – you do have doubts and insecurities and, right now, they focus on the theme of change. Things are shifting in your world, things that you were actually pretty happy with. You’re not in control of this shift and you worry where it’s all heading. You are catastrophizing privately, and it’s affecting your mood. Sagittarius, trust me, you can handle it. Whatever is coming will end up all alright in the end so whenever it’s not feeling okay, just trust that it’s not yet the end, okay? Go with the flow. Be flexible. Think positive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the Full Moon in Scorpio: Death Meaning: You are obsessing over a major life transformation that you know is necessary, are eager to get going with, but have found no traction or foothold on so far. Maybe it’s moving home, looking for a new job, changing your lifestyle, starting a course. Whatever it is, please don’t give up. Use this Full Moon to reflect on the obstacles and blockages and ask for guidance. It’s likely, given this is all new, that your first step also needs to be something new, different, unexpected. Don’t set off in the usual way. Pause and think of a different way into this. That might be the key. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the Full Moon in Scorpio: King of Coins Meaning: You are ready to step up, take more on, seize ownership, be promoted, move to a leadership position. The King of Coins grants you permission to make this shift because you’ve proven yourself and this is the right time to expand. However, you may’ve felt thwarted or not entirely trusted or allowed to do this. During the Full Moon, figure out how you’re going to make this move without letting these doubts surface and undermine you. If there are actions you can take to mitigate or reassure someone important, then do it. Otherwise, process and file these insecurities away. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the Full Moon in Scorpio: Four of Wands Meaning: The seeds of ambition are being sown in your mind this Full Moon. You deserve and desire more, bigger, better. You are ready to push yourself harder in order to reap more rewards and the plans to make this happen all start here. The Four of Wands shows that a new role, job, company, home, location or even educational opportunity may all be in scope. You can move ahead in several different directions from here. Think through what is closest to your circle of influence, that you can control and activate soonest… and get going! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Taurus MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday