A tiny studio flat has been slammed online because it costs over £1,000 a month to rent – but anyone who lives there will have to make some big sacrifices on space. The bed is in the kitchen, there’s a giant TV on the wall, and the bath is in the living room. Which probably isn’t where most people would choose to have a relaxing soak. The property is on the market to rent for an eye-watering £1,000, which critics say is a lot considering its size. The oddly placed bath is right by the back door leading out to a patio garden – so there is at least some outdoor space. The listing states that it has been, ‘designed to maximise the space available.’ It adds that the bathroom has ‘been cleverly designed to be fully hidden from view.’ But this clever concealment appears just to be a shower curtain. The flat, which is being let by CHK Mountford and advertised via Rightmove, is in Wimbledon Village, south London, and lodgers will have to fork out £1,150 per month – or £265 per week – to live in it. One home hunter fumed: ‘London cost of living is so disgusting that you pay £1,150 per month to rent a bath in a bed/kitchen as advertised on Rightmove today. ‘Living in a decent home is an essential and fundamental basic human right. It shouldn’t be a privileged novelty.’ The letting agent said it would be ideal for someone to rent for the Wimbledon tennis tournament which starts next month. The All England Tennis Club is just half a mile away. The property listing reads: ‘Set on the ground floor of a wonderful detached private residence in the heart of Wimbledon Village is this self-contained pied a tierre. ‘The property has been immaculately refurbished to a very high standard and has been cleverly designed to maximise the space available.’ The room is fully furnished and there is a small kitchenette area complete with sink, microwave and fridge. The listing also says there is a ‘generous’ storage cupboard/wardrobe, and there is a secure parking space is available behind the property. ‘This property would be ideal for a working professional looking for a weekday base and who is looking for something which is centrally located and finished to a high standard,’ the listing continues. The good news is that all bills are included within the monthly rental. We would hope so at that price too. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman with hips that ‘crack like bowling balls dropping’ diagnosed with incurable condition MORE : Woman who was told anorexia had left her infertile is now a mum of nine MORE : We can’t get enough of the ‘enemies to lovers’ romcom trope – but can it ever work in real life?