Sri Lanka’s prime minister has resigned after weeks of protests over his government’s handling of the country’s economic crisis. Mahinda Rajapaksa stepped down as the island was put under curfew amid violent clashes between pro- and anti-government demonstrators in the capital Colombo. At least four people, including a ruling party politician, were killed and nearly 200 were hurt by Monday night. Sri Lanka is in its worst financial state since gaining independence from Britain in 1948. It can no longer afford essential items including food, medicines and fuel and has suspended payments on its foreign loans. Officials blame the pandemic, which all but killed off the tourist trade — one of the island’s biggest foreign currency earners. But protests have raged since March against the government led by Mr Rajapaksa’s younger brother, president Gotabaya Rajapaksa. Authorities deployed armed troops to many parts of the country and imposed a curfew until Wednesday. But hundreds defied the curfew to continue to shout slogans against the Sri Lankan government – a day after violent clashes saw the prime minister resign. Yesterday, people swarmed the entrance to the President’s office in the capital, Colombo, for a 32nd day to demand he follow in his sibling’s footsteps. Opponents accuse the influential siblings of mishandling the economy and say they should both quit. Mr Rajapaksa, 76, sent his letter of resignation to his brother, saying he hoped it would help solve the crisis. But the move is unlikely to satisfy critics while his sibling remains as president. Ahead of the resignation, police were deployed to quell violence outside the brothers’ offices in Colombo. The ambush by the supporters triggered immediate anger and chaos as people started attacking ruling party politicians. More than a dozen houses belonging to ruling party leaders were vandalised and set on fire. Local television channel Sirasa showed government supporters attacking protesters with clubs and iron bars, then demolishing and burning down their tents. ‘Strongly condemn the violent acts taking place by those inciting & participating, irrespective of political allegiances,’ president Rajapaksa tweeted. ‘Violence won’t solve current problems.’ The South Asian island nation has been seething for more than a month as protests have spread from the capital to the countryside. It has drawn people from across ethnicities, religions and classes and has even seen a marked revolt from some Rajapaksa supporters, many of whom have spent weeks calling for the two brothers to quit. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.