Light sleepers know the pain of being disturbed regularly during the night. Whether it’s a car revving outside, loud neighbours or housemates simply going to the bathroom, the slightest noise can result in hours of restless tossing and turning, in order to try and get back to sleep. I am one of these cursed light sleepers and am incredibly envious of those who can simply sleep through the night – blissfully unaware of booming noises around them. We all know how important a good night’s kip is for us – but for those, like me, who feel like they are never quite reaching deep sleep (because they wake up at the slightest sound), it can feel very frustrating. However, a few simple changes could drastically alter sleep quantity and quality. I know this because they transformed my own sleeping habits. The objects in question aren’t groundbreaking, in fact they’ve been around for years – but are pretty underestimated, in my opinion. The first is the humble ear plug. It was a friend who actually recommended I try ear plugs to help me sleep through the night – and, at first, I was pretty skeptical. Not to mention, they’re not exactly the epitome of glamour when you’re settling in for the night, and whipping our your earbuds next to your partner. Most people tend to associate them with older generations, or as a last resort tactic for sleeping next to a snorer. Nevertheless, I was sick of waking up multiple times in the night, so I purchased a pack of 12 (6 pairs) of reusable silicone earplugs from the supermarket. After all, I only had the £9 that they cost me to lose (which obviously isn’t ideal, but was worth a shot). Two months on and my sleep has dramatically changed for the better. Once my earbuds are in, I sleep pretty much solidly through the night. I’ve also recently tried using an eye mask too – off the recommendation of another friend – and was genuinely surprised how I didn’t wake up until my alarm went off in the morning. It felt like I’d had the best deep sleep in a long time – as I was totally oblivious to light or noise around me. A very effective sensory block. Once again, eye masks for sleep aren’t groundbreaking – but it’s almost as if people forget they are an option that truly works. We often talk a lot about sleep hygiene, but I’m astounded that more attention isn’t given to such simple solutions. All the discourse around good sleep habits tends to focus on avoiding screens, having a clean and tidy bedroom and having a regular nighttime routine – but we often forget about eye masks and earbuds. Perhaps it’s the unglamorous nature of the humble earbud that puts people off? Or the fact that eye masks seem a little dramatic and over-the-top? But in my opinion they are the most powerful tools in a light sleeper’s toolkit. And are likely to guarantee a great night sleep for non-light sleepers, too. They’re also backed up by experts. Sleep expert and neuro physiologist Dr Nerina Ramlakhan tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Our world has become so noisy, demanding and over-stimulating; this affects the nervous system and sends it into overdrive. The opposite of what is needed in order to get a good night’s sleep. ‘Getting deep, restorative sleep requires us to draw our attention inwards and away from the stimulation of the external world. ‘If your sleep environment is too bright or noisy, earbuds and eye masks can help to create the feeling of being in a safe cocoon which in turn could help you to sleep more deeply. ‘Finding the right sleep aids for you can be a case of trial and error as we all have a unique relationship with sleep – for example, some people like having some light in their sleep space while others need total darkness. ‘The key is to experiment until you find what works for you.’ So, with my earbuds priced at £9 and basic eye masks coming in around £10, it seems the secret for a good night’s sleep (for me, anyway) costs just £19. I urge you to give them a try. Buy them now for £9 from Sainsburys Buy them now for £41 from Amazon Buy it now for £12.50 from M&S Buy it now for £15 from John Lewis This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to recover from a run of bad nights’ sleep MORE : The side you sleep on makes a difference to your health – so which is best? MORE : Experts reveal five tricks to get a baby to fall asleep quickly