Selling Sunset’s Chrishell Stause is reportedly in a new relationship following her split from Jason Oppenheim. The estate agent, 40, and the broker, 45, went their separate ways in December 2021 with Jason describing Chrishell as ‘the most amazing girlfriend I’ve ever had.’ However, a Reddit user recently uploaded a picture of Chrishell holding hands with Australian rapper G Flip – real name Georgia Claire Flipo – which suggests the reality star has moved on. The musician – who is non-binary and goes by they/them pronouns – and Chrishell reportedly put on an affectionate display while at a concert in Denver, Colorado. G Flip added more fuel to the fire after someone on Twitter wrote: ‘CHRISHELL you’re too pretty to be with a mann.’ To which they replied: ‘Agreed.’ Chrishell and Jason confirmed they were dating in July, with Chrishell later clarifying that they had been together for a couple of months before that. She admitted at the time that the reveal came out earlier than planned, because she didn’t want it leaked from anywhere else. ‘We announced [the relationship] a little earlier than I would’ve liked to, because I felt like we were about to be outed by paparazzi photos,’ she told Cosmopolitan UK. ‘But I didn’t want people to think it was a mistake or they’d “caught us” doing something – I wanted to be able to hold my boyfriend’s hand at dinner.’ Chrishell recently revealed she came close to quitting Selling Sunset during her public divorce from her ex-husband Justin Hartley, which took place right in the middle of filming. ‘The divorce was the most public and humiliating thing you could ever go through,’ she said during the latest episode of the Dear Media podcast Lipstick on the Rim. ‘I still had to film a reality show, carry on with that or quit and I wanted this new career so I stayed in the end. ‘I pushed through and I just had to be open and I think that is better than pretending everything is OK.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted  Chrishell Stause’s reps for comment. Selling Sunset is available to watch on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selling Sunset’s Jason Oppenheim proves he didn’t fake that phone call, actually MORE : Selling Sunset star Mary Fitzgerald believes Christine Quinn lied about testing positive for Covid after missing reunion 