The mayor of London has launched a new group assessing the effectiveness of drug laws in the UK. To accompany the announcement he has been pictured visiting a cannabis farm in Los Angeles, California, in a set of rather artistic photographs. Sadiq Khan is considering a new pilot scheme in a small part of the capital which would see young people caught with cannabis offered speeding course-style classes or counselling instead of arrest. Mr Khan, speaking at the Traditional cannabis dispensary and cultivation centre in downtown LA, said an ‘honest, open’ conversation was needed about UK cannabis laws, adding visiting the facility was ‘fascinating’. LA decriminalised cannabis in 2016, and after this arrests related to the drug in California dropped by 56%. ‘We need to have an honest, open conversation about the evidence in relation to the history of cannabis and our laws in the UK and our experience of the health consequences in relation to crime and the community,’ he said. ‘The best way to do that will be with the drugs commission we’ve now set up. ‘You can hear from the experts, that’s one thing, but seeing it for yourself… hearing from those who cultivate and grow this plant has been fascinating.’ He announced Lord Charlie Falconer QC will be the chair of the first ever London Drugs Commission. The commission will not look at Class A drugs, but will analyse Class B and C drugs with a particular focus on cannabis. The move puts him in conflict with Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer, who has previously said he is against softening the law. Speaking about the LA facility, Mr Khan continued: ‘[It] is quite clearly heavily regulated, there are really high standards, no corners are being cut, they’re readily inspected by the city, by the experts. ‘It’s important to see for ourselves what the parallel world of legalised cannabis looks like as a compare and contrast. ‘What I hope the London Drugs Commission will do is look [at] what happens elsewhere in the world where the laws have been changed.’ A Labour Party spokesperson contacted Metro.co.uk to insist: ‘Labour does not support changing the law on drugs. ‘Drugs policy is not devolved to mayors and under Labour would continue to be set by national government.’ Cannabis is currently classed as a class B drug in the UK, with a maximum sentence of five years in prison for possession. University College London will provide evidence and assessment to the new panel about the effects of any changes in UK drug laws on criminal justice, health and the economy. Chair Lord Falconer said: ‘I’m honoured to have been appointed chair of the London Drugs Commission. ‘It is a real opportunity for there to be a thorough look at the effectiveness of our drugs laws and policy on cannabis. ‘We need rigorously to identify what is the best approach to reduce harm to our communities. A national debate is long overdue. ‘We aim to make recommendations to bring about effective and lasting change.’ Mr Khan said Lord Falconer would bring ‘decades of experience’ to the role, adding more needed to be done to tackle the ‘epidemic’ caused by the illegal drug trade. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.