Brenda Edwards has revealed she still speaks to late son Jamal Edwards every day, and believes she got a sign from him at his funeral. The Loose Women panellist, 53, appeared on Good Morning Britain on Wednesday to speak about her son, who died from a suspected heart attack at the age of 31 in February. Brenda revealed it was very comforting to hear people speak so highly of Jamal and their memories working with the SBTV founder, which has helped her deal with his sudden death. She admitted: ‘I’m still having conversations with people and it’s just a natural thing for me to say, “Jamal and Tanisha [her daughter]”. And I’m still talking about him in this present tense.’ The TV star added: ‘I talk to him every morning and every night. I say, “Hello, good morning baby. Good night baby.” I just talk about anything. ‘I do get a lot of strength in that and he inspired me a lot. Both of my children are very inspiring and I would always talk to them about the things I am doing with work, with Loose [Women] or anything that I’m doing – he was always a champion. ‘He was the one that started up my social media, because he said I wasn’t doing enough…’ Brenda revealed that she also speaks to her late mother and father in the same way and believes she was given a sign from Jamal at his funeral. She explained: ‘He’s with my mum and dad and my nan and grandad right now. When we laid him to rest there was a “J” above in the sky and the other clouds were all moving, but that “J” never faltered. ‘I believe that he’s with me. I do have faith, I am someone who believes in that. ‘I’m not here to put that on everybody else, everybody deals with grief in their own way. This is how I deal with it. ‘And when Jamal was here, I would speak to mum and dad. Now I’m like “You’re there with mum and dad right now, please tell them I said hello.” It’s a beautiful thing out of something quite sad and negative.’ After his death, there was an outpouring of grief from the music community whose lives Jamal had touched, including Ed Sheeran and Jessie J, whose careers he had helped to launch. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Loose Women viewers praise Brenda Edwards ‘admirable’ panel return following Jamal’s death: ‘Incredibly brave’ MORE : Loose Women’s Brenda Edwards dedicates ‘first show back’ to ‘baby Jamal’ following heartbreaking interview 