Kevin Spacey has said he will ‘voluntarily appear’ in court over charges of sexual assault. The actor, 62, is facing four counts of sexual assault, and now says he will appear before British courts to defend himself. In a statement given to Good Morning America, he said he is ‘confident’ he can ‘prove [his] innocence.’ Issuing a statement through his spokesperson, he said: ‘I very much appreciate the Crown Prosecution Service’s statement in which they carefully reminded the media and the public that I am entitled to a fair trial, and innocent until proven otherwise. ‘While I am disappointed with their decision to move forward, I will voluntarily appear in the U.K. as soon as can be arranged and defend myself against these charges, which I am confident will prove my innocence.’ Last week the actor was charged with four counts of sexual assault against three men, as confirmed by the Crown Prosecution Service. Spacey, who has denied all allegations against him, is being charged with historical sexual offences between 2005 and 2013 in London and Gloucestershire. Rosemary Ainslie, Head of the CPS Special Crime Division, said: ‘The CPS has authorised criminal charges against Kevin Spacey, 62, for four counts of sexual assault against three men. ‘He has also been charged with causing a person to engage in penetrative sexual activity without consent. ‘The charges follow a review of the evidence gathered by the Metropolitan Police in its investigation.’ The CPS said it could not confirm or deny whether or not Spacey will need to be extradited to the UK, with Spacey now saying he would appear in court voluntarily. According to the Crown Prosecution Service, one man claims he was sexually assaulted in 2005, while another claims he was sexually assaulted in 2008 and forced to engage in a sex act against his will. These alleged incidents took place in London, while a third man, who claims he was sexually assaulted in 2013, says the alleged incident took place in Gloucestershire. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. For more stories like this, check our entertainment page. Follow Metro.co.uk Entertainment on Twitter and Facebook for the latest celeb and entertainment updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 