Prince Andrew is set to accompany the Queen in a special ceremony at Windsor Castle next month. Garter Day is a highlight of the Royal Family’s calendar and will be held on June 13. It will the second major public appearance for Andrew since settling his US sex abuse case. The disgraced royal paid accuser Virginia Roberts a reported £12million despite protesting his innocence. She had alleged she was forced to have sex with Andrew after being trafficked by his paedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein, who died in jail awaiting trial in 2019. Some predicted Andrew would ‘disappear from public life’ after he attended Prince Philip’s memorial service in March. But the scandal-hit son of the Queen is expected to join other members of the Royal Family for Garter Day celebrations in June. MailOnline reports Andrew will ‘also appear in the next day’s Court Circular, and will attend Garter Day ceremonies as a Royal Knight.’ The annual Garter Day procession, where a grand procession of Knights takes place, is one of the most traditional ceremonies in the Royal Family’s history. The royal party will be joined by a marching band and Officers of the Order, all in ceremonial dress. The Duchess of Cornwall, Princess Anne and Prince Edward are among several other senior royals expected to attend the event. Andrew’s inclusion in the Court Circular is ‘standard practice’, a source told the Telegraph. But there are fears his attendance could overshadow the Garter Day celebrations. The news comes as celebrations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee bank holiday weekend ramp up, with events to include a star-studded pop concert, a carnival pageant and the lighting of thousands of beacons across the world. The Queen is said to be looking forward to the ambitious commemorations, which have been years in the making. At the age of 96 the monarch stepped back from many royal duties to mobility issues, and now uses a walking stick. Buckingham Palace has said her presence at the Jubilee events may not be confirmed until the day. The Queen hopes to attend this week’s Chelsea Flower Show if she is well enough. Members of the royal family are expected to visit the event at the Royal Hospital Chelsea today ahead of its official opening tomorrow. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.