A cloud of Saharan dust could hit the UK later this week, which together with thunderstorms could result in ‘blood rain’. ‘Blood rain’ occurs when relatively high concentrations of red coloured dust or particles get mixed with rain, giving it a red appearance as it falls, according to the Met Office. Forecasters believe the UK could see the phenomenon this week, as downpours, lightning, strong winds and hail move in at the same time as the plume clouds. New satellite imagery from the European Space Agency (ESA) shows the Saharan dust ball making its way across the Atlantic Ocean. The plume is predicted to hit the Iberian Peninsula and western Europe on 20 and 21 May, with some of it reaching the South East of England on Friday morning. ‘Most of the dust transport is likely to be at higher altitudes which could lead to hazy skies rather than impacts on surface air quality,’ Mark Parrington, Senior Scientist for CAMS told MailOnline. Parts of the UK were hit by a Saharan dust cloud in back in March, turning London an eerie shade of orange. That could happen again, though this time with rain falling too. The Met Office has issued a yellow thunderstorm warning from Wednesday evening to the early hours of Thursday in the south-east, including London, saying people should expect to see disruption to travel. It comes after Britons basked in the country’s hottest day of the year on Tuesday, after temperatures in the south-east peaked at 27.5C (81.5F). Richard Miles, of the Met Office, said: ‘There are some dust concentrations in the atmosphere above the UK at present which might well be washed out in the rain tonight, but it’s likely to be relatively small amounts on the whole. ‘There’s a warning out for thunderstorms for the south-eastern third of England tonight, and a squally cold front will bring wind and sometimes heavy rain to Northern Ireland and north west Scotland this evening. ‘Away from these features it will be mostly fine and dry today and tomorrow, temperatures up to 23-24C in London and the South East, high teens or low 20s elsewhere.’ The thunderstorms may cause spray and sudden flooding, leading to difficult driving conditions and some road closures. There may also be delays or cancellations to train and bus services, flooding to homes and businesses, power cuts and damage due to lightning strikes. Heavy rain will fall during Wednesday and Thursday in parts of Scotland and Northern Ireland, while showers will also hit areas in Wales and central and south-west England. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.