Former Love Island stars Jamie Jewitt and Camilla Thurlow have announced the birth of their second child, calling her a ‘beautiful early bird.’ The couple, who met on the ITV dating series in 2017, already had one daughter, Nell Sophia, who was born in October 2020. In a post on Instagram, the couple revealed they had a second baby girl on May 27, named Nora Belle. Alongside a video showing a selection of clips and photos – with Welcome To The World by Ed Sheeran playing in the background – posted on both their Instagram accounts, the two wrote: ‘Our beautiful early bird Nora Belle Jewitt, born 27th May 2022, a sister for our gorgeous little Nell Sophia.’ As part of the Instagram post, a touching video clip showed the couple’s eldest daughter Nell meeting her new sister for the first time, as well as a snap of Camilla cuddling up to the little one moments after she entered the world. Naturally, the comments section was filled with messages of love and congratulations, including from Dancing On Ice winner Jake Quickenden, who was present at the couple’s wedding in September last year. He responded: ‘Congrats maybe can’t wait to meet her xx.’ Former Love Island contestant Olivia Bowen said ‘Congratulations guys’, with four red heart emojis. Nora was due to arrive in June, but it seems she just couldn’t wait to meet her mummy and daddy so decided to rear her head slightly earlier than planned. When breaking their exciting news last year, Jamie wrote: ‘We had an early gift this year and we couldn’t be more grateful… 3 soon to be 4, June 2022,’ alongside a sweet festive video where the family, decked in Christmas jumpers, make special figurines to hang on their Christmas tree. Camilla, 32, has been candid about the trials and tribulations of parenthood in the past, revealing last year she struggled when it came to breastfeeding her daughter. ‘3am is when I do my best online shopping 🛒🤣! Truly though, I look very happy in this picture and these moments in the middle of the night are precious ones that I am forever grateful for, but I definitely don’t want to sugarcoat how challenging I have found breastfeeding so far,’ she wrote on social media. The influencers are doting parents now, and frequently post sweet family snaps online, much to the delight of fans. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ozzy Osbourne doesn’t plan on slowing down as he heads to recording studio despite recent health concerns MORE : Camila Cabello brings the party to Champions League Final as she kicks off opening ceremony vibrant performance 