Chris Brown has seemingly congratulated Rihanna after the news that she’s given birth to a baby boy with A$AP Rocky. On Thursday evening, it was reported that the We Found Love singer and her boyfriend had welcomed their first child together on Friday May 13. The couple are yet to speak publicly about the addition to their family on social media, with Rocky – whose real name is Rakim Athelaston Mayers – having confirmed their relationship in May 2021. In a post shared on Instagram, Brown, who was in a relationship with Rihanna from 2007 to 2009 and briefly again a few years later, appeared to refer to his ex-girlfriend giving birth. The Instagram Story – which was shared on social media while it disappeared from Brown’s profile – showed an orange background with praying and heart emojis placed on top, as well as a pregnancy emoji alongside the caption: ‘Congratulations.’ In February 2009, Brown was arrested and pleaded guilty to felony assault after attacking Rihanna. After pleading guilty, the singer was sentenced to community service and mandatory anger management classes, as well as probation and a restraining order against his ex-partner. They rekindled their relationship a few years later, before splitting for good in 2013. In 2014, Brown violated the terms of his parole from the 2009 incident, resulting in him spending more than 100 days in prison. Several people on Twitter expressed their shock over the musician seemingly congratulating Rihanna on her baby, whose name is yet to be revealed. ‘Never did Chris Brown just congratulate Rihanna on his Insta story,’ one person wrote. ‘I know Chris Brown did not just congratulate Rihanna,’ someone else remarked with astonishment. Earlier this month, Rocky appeared to take aim at Brown in his new single D.M.B., with Rihanna featuring heavily in the music video for the track. It was suggested that a line from the lyrics referred to Brown attacking Rihanna, with the video featuring a scene in which Rocky and Rihanna played out getting married. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna ‘gives birth to baby boy’ with boyfriend A$AP Rocky MORE : Rihanna celebrates first Mother’s Day pregnant and shining bright like a diamond on romantic date with A$AP Rocky 