A woman mentally and physically abused by her partner has admitted she thought she’d end up ‘six feet under’ if she did not escape the relationship. Jennifer, from Bedfordshire, was subjected to three years of abuse at the hands of her ex-husband Jonathan Mealing. Mealing, 52, was found guilty of 17 offences – including multiple rapes, sexual assaults, and coercive behaviour – against three women, and was sentenced to 30 years in prison. Jennifer, who was 36 at the time, met Mealing on Plenty of Fish dating app in 2016, and was surprised to receive a message from him. The couple would travel to see each other at the weekends, before Mealing told her he had secured her a new job with more money – but it was based in Manchester. Although apprehensive to leave her daughter, Jennifer decided to join her partner some 160 miles away, and it wasn’t long after that his controlling behaviour began. He would check her phone incessantly, took her bank card, and began restricting her contact with family and friends – including her daughter, allowing them only to speak twice a week for a 10-minute conversation on loud speaker. His controlling behaviour extended to her diet, and saw her only allowed four cubes of chicken with two spoonfuls of rice for meals and only water to drink, which saw her drop four dress sizes to a six or eight. Jennifer said: ‘He dished it up because I needed to lose weight. ‘He bought me gym equipment which I had to use, and he put it in the garden so he could watch me from the bedroom as he didn’t want to be with a “fat blob”. ‘I wasn’t good enough, I was ugly. I started to believe I was worthless and that I had nothing going on for me.’ During the three-year relationship, Mealing repeatedly raped Jennifer and on one occasion, told her to ‘shut up’ as it was her ‘duty’. When he didn’t get his way, he was violent, with Jennifer recalling attempting to leave him three times but he always found a way of ‘getting back into her head’ by promising change. When Jennifer suffered a miscarriage, Mealing quickly blamed her for the loss of their child. She fell pregnant again soon after, and suffered a difficult birth which required her to have surgery – after which Mealing raped her again. The assault marked the final straw for Jennifer, and she took her young son and returned to Bedfordshire to her family. Jennifer has revealed that she tried to enact Clare’s Law – which lets people request information from police about a partner’s history of abusive behaviour – but waited a staggering 36 weeks for a response. Jennifer has since managed to get her life back and has a new partner and job at domestic violence charity Stepping Stones. She said: ‘I am lucky I got out, otherwise I would have been six feet under. He would have killed me. I lost all confidence and self esteem. ‘He went from Prince Charming to the most evil monster ever. I hate him. I had rose-tinted glasses at the time, I couldn’t see the bad.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.