The killer of ‘Lady In The Lake’ Shani Warren is likely to die in jail after being handed a life sentence, after getting away with his crime for decades. Donald Robertson, 66, was convicted this week of murdering 26-year-old Ms Warren in 1987 after police reopened the cold case. He was also found guilty of kidnapping and raping a teenager, many years after the crimes. Sentencing the predatory sex offender for a minimum of 30 years yesterday, Mr Justice Wall said: ‘You have not shown a modicum of remorse.’ Ms Warren’s body was found bound and gagged in Taplow Lake, Buckinghamshire, in 1987. Robertson was charged last year after a police cold case team found new DNA evidence linking him to her death, leading to his conviction at Reading crown court on Tuesday. Robertson was also found guilty of raping and kidnapping a teenager in July 1981. Just days after being released by police in connection with that offence, Robertson raped a 14-year-old girl who had been riding her bicycle in Farnham Royal, a crime to which he pleaded guilty in October 1981. And less than two months after attacking and killing Ms Warren and only a few miles from Taplow Lake, he raped a 17-year-old girl who was walking home having missed the last train. He was behind bars for that crime during his trial, having been convicted in 2010 after the incident was reviewed by police. Yesterday the court was also told of other offences by Robertson, including an attack on an 11-year-old girl in west London in 1997. Shani Warren’s family have thanked police for their resolve to ‘never give up’ seeking justice, branding Robertson ‘evil’. They described their wait for justice as a time ‘full of pain and sorrow,’ but during which they had found ‘tremendous comfort’ in the dedication of scientists and officers who fought to crack the case. The investigation was initially plagued with problems, with an ‘outrageous’ initial conclusion from a pathologist that Ms Warren may have committed suicide, the family said. But they said yesterday marked a turning point to ‘find a little peace on our way forward,’ praising the work of investigators in ultimately securing the conviction. In a statement issued through Thames Valley Police, they said: ‘We note that there have been comments about the case taking so long to solve, but we would like to turn that around. ‘The repeated reopening and investigation of this case is a tribute to the resolve of the police to never give up. ‘In 1987, it simply wasn’t possible to perform analysis in the way it happens nowadays, and the distraction of an outrageous suicide theory forwarded by the original pathologist really didn’t help anyone. ‘The evidence could easily been lost or disposed of, but it was stored to provide a solid base for future work.’ Robertson did not attend his sentencing after being absent from the dock for the entire trial. Mr Justice Wall, who said his sentencing remarks would be read to him, told Robertson: ‘You did not even have the courage to attend this trial and confront the evidence of what you had done. ‘You are a self-centred man who cares nothing for the suffering and feelings of others and lacks any understanding of the way in which your conduct has destroyed and damaged other people’s lives.’ He said the sentence gives him ‘little hope of ever being able to apply for release’ and he will only be released in 2052 if the parole board regards it “appropriate to do so. ‘Otherwise, you will spend the rest of your life in prison, however long you may live for.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.