Those heading abroad in search of sun and hot weather will wish they’d stayed at home today, as the UK enjoys a Mediterranean heatwave. Temperatures are expected to soar into the mid-twenties this afternoon, with parts of the southeast forecast to be hotter than Majorca. The warm spell is likely to make Friday the hottest day of 2022 so far, with Brits expected to make the most of the weather. The year’s current record was set on April 15, when temperatures in St James’ Park in central London hit 23.4°C. If this is exceeded today it will mean Britain is warmer than Majorca and Ibiza, where highs of 22°C and 21°C have been forecast. Forecasters have said if peak highs aren’t recorded then it is ‘likely’ they will be at some point during the week, with temperatures predicted to be mild throughout. The majority of the south and southeast of England woke up to clear skies and sunshine this morning, with Wales and the north of the country seeing showers. Sunny spells are predicted to continue into the afternoon before it starts to become overcast as showers seen in the north travel south. The southeast could be ‘very warm’ with ’23°C possible’ if the area ‘gets enough sunshine’, forecasters have said. But the bright weather comes with a warning and meteorologists have urged anyone heading outside to remember to put sunscreen on first. ‘UV levels will likely be high,’ Met Office meteorologist Annie Shuttleworth said. ‘Some protection is advised, and long periods in the sunshine not recommended.’ Ms Shuttleworth said that temperatures are expected to be ‘much warmer than average’ throughout May. ‘Average temperatures at this point in early May is about 17C for London and somewhere around 15C outside of that,’ she added. ‘It’s quite likely we’ll see those warm and much warmer than average temperatures across the UK.’ High temperatures are expected to stay for several days before dropping around the middle of the month. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.