A nurse who sexually assaulted female patients while they were still unconscious has been jailed for 12 years. Paul Grayson, 51, took videos of four women and touched two of them inappropriately as they recovered from anaesthetic. He also recorded five of his colleagues with a hidden camera he had installed in a female staff toilet at the Royal Hallamshire Hospital in Sheffield. South Yorkshire Police said his recordings were taken to ‘satisfy a sick obsession with pornography and voyeurism’. Today Grayson was jailed at Sheffield Crown Court after previously admitting a total of 23 offences, 14 of which took place at hospital where he worked in post-anaesthetic care. Police began investigating him in December 2020, following the discovery of concerning videos and images on a number of digital devices. Recordings from the hidden camera in the staff toilet had captured Grayson installing it, clearly showing his name on his NHS badge and embroidered into his scrubs. In addition to the videos taken in the hospital between 2017 and 2020, there were a number of inappropriate images and videos of two teenage girls unrelated to Grayson’s workplace. Speaking after sentencing, Detective Sergeant Sarah Dolby said: ‘I’d firstly like to pay tribute to the victims in this case – all of them have conducted themselves with outstanding courage and dignity in truly awful circumstances. ‘They have been significantly affected by what happened to them and while they will have to live with the mental scars forever, I do hope that today’s result gives them some closure on these horrifying events. ‘The patients in this case were in perhaps the most vulnerable position they would ever find themselves in, as they recovered in hospital from a general anaesthetic. ‘Grayson was in a position of trust and instead of taking care of these four women and keeping them safe, he committed these utterly horrendous acts. ‘In interview, Grayson admitted having an insatiable addiction to voyeurism and pornography. ‘I have no doubt that had he not been caught, his offending would have continued.’ In addition to the recordings, further charges related to the other inappropriate material on his devices, including the images and videos of the two teenagers. Senior prosecutor Kay Sadler said: ‘Grayson’s actions are deplorable and disturbing – he is now facing a lengthy prison sentence. ‘He betrayed the trust of sedated patients where instead of caring for them, he took complete advantage of their vulnerability for his sexual gratification. ‘He also betrayed the trust of his female colleagues by concealing a camera in the staff lavatory to video them. Our thoughts remain with all of his victims.’ Grayson had previously pleaded guilty to a total of 14 counts of voyeurism, one charge relating to the installation of the hidden camera, one ‘upskirting’ offence, three sexual assaults, one count of taking indecent images of children and three counts of making indecent images of children. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.