Ukraine’s Eurovision commentator delivered an impassioned and emotionally-charged speech after Kalush Orchestra’s triumph at the song contest. Rap group Kalush claimed the winning title in Turin, Italy on Saturday night with their hit song Stefania, beating the UK’s entrant Sam Ryder who came in second. Kalush, consisting of frontman Oleh Psyuk, multi-instrumentalist Ihor Didenchuk, and dancer Vlad Kurochka, were favourite to win the contest this year after wowing voters with their popular track. As they were crowned winners, Timur Miroshnychenko, who had been providing live commentary for Ukrainians from an underground bunker in the war-torn country, had a particularly heartfelt reaction to the news. In a video clip, Timur is seen with his hands on top of his head before becoming increasingly emotional and breaking down in tears while reportedly vowing that Ukraine will win the war against Russia like Kalush has won Eurovision. Activist and political expert Kateryna Kruk tweeted alongside the powerful footage: ‘Ukraine’s commentator can’t stop his tears when he says we will win the war just as we won #Eurovision. ‘Dedicates this victory to UA army that defends us and says it’s so deeply important for Ukrainians now. ‘P.s. he was commenting from a bunker.’ Timur went viral again last week when it emerged he was broadcasting from a shelter during the competition. Speaking to Metro.co.uk about the war, Timur recently said: ‘We didn’t believe it until the morning of February 24. ‘Even when Russian troops were standing around Ukraine for a couple of months, we didn’t believe it. We can’t understand how it could be in 21st century Europe.’ He added that ‘no one in Ukraine was thinking about Eurovision’ when Russian President Vladimir Putin launched his invasion of the country. ‘They thought just about how to stay alive, how to get to safe places, our families, our children,’ he said. Kalush were fighting on the frontlines in the war but received special permission to leave to participate in this year’s Eurovision. It is tradition that the winning country hosts the next song contest and Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has vowed to stage the competition in Mariupol in 2023 despite the ongoing war. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Sam Ryder celebrates ‘destroying the stigma’ of Eurovision in the UK while raving with Rylan Clark and Scott Mills after final result MORE : Eurovision 2022 viewers concerned for Maneskin’s Damiano David over leg injury: ‘Looks really painful’ 