If you think that a stylish home still needs to be off-whites and minimalism, you need to think again. Gone are the days of the generic, all-white ‘perfect’ homes. According to Etsy’s analysis, today’s shoppers are looking to decorate in ways that truly reflect their personal taste and values, leaning into all things layered, cosy and inviting. Warm tones like camel, taupe and chocolate brown are becoming our new neutrals, while the mixing and matching of retro items with contemporary pieces – dubbed ‘newstalgia’ – comforts us with memories of the past while grounding us in the present. In 2022, we’re prioritising well-crafted, upscale and inspiring pieces for the home: in the last three months alone, Etsy has seen a 2,313% increase in searches for handmade furniture. So, if you’re after some inspiration to update your home this bank holiday weekend in a way that is sure to be bang on trend, read on for the top interiors searches for 2022 to see what other people are loving right now. Looking at the data, it seems that many of us are craving all things tactile and embracing texture in our homes. On Etsy, there has been an 83% increase in searches for boucle chairs, sofas or ottomans, as shoppers gravitate towards this soft and cosy textile. Incorporating texture into your décor can also add visual interest to your space, making it feel dynamic and lived in. Other big trends in this style include tufted wall art, fluted or ribbed glassware and paper lampshades. Pro tip: Don’t be afraid to mix and match textures, layering a variety of different materials together – from leather, velvet and woven textiles to items carved with fluted, ribbed or grooved textures. While ombre aesthetics have come, gone and evolved over the past decade, there is now a shift towards more subtle, high-end gradient designs. Applied on everything from wallpaper and art to more decorative objects, textiles and accent pieces, the dreamy watercolour-like blending of tones from light to dark can provide a calming, mesmerising effect. Etsy searches for ombre, gradient or dip dye candles are up 62%, while searches for ombre or gradient art have increased by 40%. In particular, the trend of aura art has surged in popularity, with searches up 192% in the last three months, compared to the same time last year. The right mirror can make a huge difference to any space. They reflect light, brighten up dark corners and make any room feel instantly bigger. But used decoratively, mirrors can add beauty and elegance to your walls. From retro styles and ornate antiques, to more modern and contemporary pieces, shoppers are leaning towards more unexpected varieties as of late. There has been a 203% increase in searches for funky mirrors a 127% increase in searches for asymmetrical mirrors and a 107% increase in searches for tufted or punch needle mirrors, in the last three months. The importance of wellbeing has been brought to the forefront throughout the pandemic and one easy way to boost your energy is to surround yourself with things that make you happy – this is being reflected in our décor choices. Whether that’s sunny colour schemes, vintage pieces from a childhood decade, or playful motifs that remind us not to take life too seriously, shoppers appear to be chasing the good vibes. On Etsy, searches for retro or nostalgic 90s items are up 729%, alongside surges in searches for pastel decor (up 73%), and bright abstract art (up 60%). Shoppers are getting creative and adorning their walls with unconventional items that redefine the meaning of wall art – from found objects to cherished memorabilia. Searches for personalised or custom shadow boxes are up 32%, and there’s been a 74% increase in searches for hanging propagation planters, and a 35% increase in searches for hat hangers in the last three months. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Half of UK employees ‘threaten to quit’ if they aren’t offered flexible working MORE : Delicious sour cocktail recipes to try this bank holiday MORE : Mum reveals how she turned tiny cupboard into home office for free – using Ikea units