Harry Styles could be nominated for an Oscar for his upcoming role in drama My Policeman. The star, 28, boasts an incredible music career, as a former member of One Direction and a solo stint that has seen his newest single top of the charts for six weeks. Now breaking into acting, Harry has already appeared in Marvel blockbuster Eternals, acclaimed war movie Dunkirk, and is starring alongside Florence Pugh in upcoming thriller Don’t Worry Darling. Harry’s newest film, My Policeman, sees the singer star alongside The Crown star Emma Corrin and Rupert Everett in a performance which is reportedly set to ‘blow everybody’s socks off’. A producer for a major studio, who saw an early screening of the film, told The Mail On Sunday there is a buzz in the industry with many predicting he may be honoured with an Oscar nomination for the role. The source said: ‘People were standing up and cheering him at the end of the screening. ‘It’s a masterful performance and all the talk afterwards was about how he may get a Best Supporting Actor nomination at next year’s Oscars.’ My Policeman sees Harry play gay policeman Tom Burgess, who struggles with hiding his sexuality after marrying wife Marion, played by Emma, in the filmset in 1950’s England. Tom’s secret struggles are exacerbated when he meets and falls in love with museum curator Patrick, played by Rupert. The source added that ‘everyone in Hollywood is talking’ about Harry’s performance, describing it as ‘raw and real’. ‘All anyone could talk about afterwards was Harry and how he’s likely to get an Oscar nod for this.’ The trailer for Harry’s other major project, Don’t Worry Darling, sent fans wild when it was released earlier this month as it featured some very risqué scenes. The psychological thriller tells the story of Alice (Florence) and Jack (Harry) who live in a utopia-like town owned by Harry’s company. However the bliss of their married life begins to unravel when Alice suspects Jack and his glamorous company may be hiding some disturbing secrets. Both Don’t Worry Darling and My Policeman are set for release in 2022. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles melts fans’ hearts as he plays with baby on set of music video: ‘This cured my depression’ MORE : Harry Styles fans heartbroken as tickets for One Night Only gig selling for £1500 