Ferrari team principal Mattia Binotto says Mercedes still have a ‘significant’ deficit to the frontrunning teams in Formula 1 despite their improvements and the Spanish Grand Prix, casting doubt on their ability to win a race in the near future. The Silver Arrows have been constructors’ champions every year since 2014, but are on the back foot so far in 2022 as they struggle with the biggest regulation change in a generation in F1. Prior to last weekend’s race at the Circuit de Catalunya, the team was struggling immensely with porpoising, the term given to the phenomenon whereby their W13 suffered from violent bouncing at high speed on long straights. But they arrived in Barcelona with a raft of new upgrades to their machinery which tempered the porpoising significantly, allowing drivers George Russell and Lewis Hamilton to extract more pace from the car, leaving seven-time world champion Hamilton ‘super happy’ with the improvement. Come race day on Sunday, Russell was able to take an impressive podium behind Max Verstappen and Sergio Perez after demonstrating superb defensive driving when ahead of both Red Bulls, while Hamilton excellently recovered to fifth from the back of the pack following an opening lap collision with Haas driver Kevin Magnussen. Despite the positive results, Binotto tempered talk of Mercedes challenging for race wins by pointing out the gap between them and Max Verstappen come the finish line. ‘Congrats first to them, because they’ve recovered and they have improved the speed of their car,’ Binotto told Sky Sports F1. ‘They were seven-tenths off the pace in the qualifying, during a single qualifying lap, and it’s a short circuit here. ‘[On Sunday], they finished 30 seconds or more from the Red Bull. It could have been 40 seconds to Charles [Leclerc, had he not been forced to retire from the lead with engine failure]. 40 seconds over 66 laps is still six- or seven-tenths per lap. Six- or seven-tenths per lap is still significant. That’s like Ferrari last year.’ Leclerc’s retirement meant that Verstappen and Red Bull both moved to the top of both the drivers’ and constructors’ standings, but Binotto insists Ferrari must remain optimistic that they can regain ground in the race for both titles, after seeing the Dutchman take three consecutive victories. ‘We need to keep optimistic and, for the team, it has been a positive weekend overall,’ he explained. We brought upgrades, the car has been fast and we made a fantastic pole [position]. While the race pace was great, and after a few races where we started struggling in terms of tyre wear and high degradation, we were pretty fast. ‘We started on the new [soft] tyres, we should not forget that, as maybe it was an advantage, but as well on the mediums, the drivers’ feedback was very strong and I think that is positive.’ The seventh round of the 2022 F1 season will take place in Monaco on the weekend of 27-29 May. Red Bull chief warns that F1 season could collapse if key issue is not resolved F1 drivers’ health could be damaged by long-term porpoising, Sainz claims For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 