In a bid to keep period conversations on the table, as it were, intimate wellness brand Intimina has released a menstrual-themed, uterus-shaped breakfast cereal. Each and every raspberry-flavoured piece of Period Crunch is bright red and shaped like a uterus. The box also includes conversation prompts and a diagram of the female reproductive system for people to identify where the uterus is located in the body. This was inspired by research from the brand that showed 82% of people cannot correctly identify where the uterus is. Apparently, half of us (48%) remain too embarrassed to talk openly about menstrual matters, and over three quarters (77%) have never talked about anything to do with menstruation at one of the most conversational places in the home: the kitchen table. As a result, the cereal was designed to act as a menstrual-themed conversation starter. Gynaecologist for Intimina, Dr Shree Datta, said: ‘I’m delighted that Intimina has taken the bull by the horns and developed Period Crunch to help raise awareness of the ongoing social stigma around periods. ‘Periods are a natural part of who we are, so it’s deeply concerning to hear that so many people remain uncomfortable discussing them when they are just another part of our health. ‘It’s heartbreaking to hear that 25% of people have taught themselves about periods when there is support available. I look forward to Period Crunch kickstarting conversations and breaking down barriers over the breakfast table.’ Intimina created Period Crunch as part of its ongoing Seen + Heard period positivity campaign, which aims to normalise and increase the visibility of menstrual wellbeing. Danela Zagar, a spokesperson for Intimina, said: ‘Periods are normal and talking about periods should be normal. But because of the ongoing stigma around menstruation, period conversations remain difficult and embarrassing for people, even with loved ones. ‘There’s not a more normal and everyday a scene than the whole household sitting down together at the kitchen table and talking over a meal. And if period conversations were truly normalised then they wouldn’t be off this table – or off any table for that matter. ‘But as our research shows, conversations about periods at home are few and far between. For the sake of our physical and mental health, we need to talk more about our menstrual health – and that’s what Period Crunch cereal is designed to raise awareness of and make a statement about.’ Anyone interested in trying a box people can register their interest by emailing periodcrunch@thisiscow.com. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : The cost of living crisis is affecting period hygiene, study shows MORE : ‘Periods are my life’: Woman says she drinks menstrual blood and uses it as a facial MORE : A gynaecology consultant answers the most-Googled menstrual cycle questions