This Tuesday, May 10, we enter into a Mercury Retrograde, lasting until June 3. Retrogrades occur when the planet in question looks like, from Earth, it’s going in reverse. It’s an optical illusion and only happens to re-sync our joint orbits. However, astrologically, it serves to reverse that planet’s influence. In the case of a Mercury retrograde, it means that communication, travel, and commercial situations are all likely to experience gremlins. Expect lost documents, traffic jams, travel delays, crossed wires, mis-sent emails. Be super careful and allow extra time for everything. Let your tarot horoscope guide you as to what you need to pay particular attention to this week as Mercury Retrograde begins… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Queen of Cups Meaning: Don’t let your emotions pour out into a rant or self-absorbed monologue that actually serves to make matters worse. Talk to a trusted friend, the mirror, or even your journal to get your thoughts in order this retrograde before you express them to those who matter. Crossed wires are likely and it will all come out even more heightened, and possibly aggressive, than you mean it to. And then, horror of horrors, you’ll only end up apologising and undoing all that you’ve said. Say it right the first time. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: The Empress Meaning: Make sure that plans, schedules, celebrations, gatherings or reunions related to your closest nearest and dearest or family are double and triple checked and every detail is thought through. Don’t leave things to chance (or someone else). Whatever wonderful-ness you have planned with loved ones this retrograde, better safe than sorry, better to over prepare than get caught out. The Empress reassures you that all will be well, as long as you are attentive. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Ten of Swords Meaning: You got this card last week, Gemini, which means its influence is still hanging around. Well, you certainly need to cut ties with whatever it is that has gotten toxic, draining, or impossible in your world. This retrograde will only likely intensify the issues and stress, so if you can, hop, skip out the door before it starts! Save yourself a ton of hassle. Sever your ties with what pains you. Be firm and decisive. Walk away for good (not as a test, a punishment or a trial). Do this properly. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Four of Cups Meaning: It’s likely that something you take for granted and just assume takes care of itself is going to come a cropper this retrograde. Avoid the pain of sorting it all out by noticing what auto-pilot or default systems or processes facilitate the travel, communication, or commerce in your lifestyle. Check contracts, connections, software, vehicle performance, tickets and passes. Don’t get caught out by something expiring or going wrong that you take for granted, and actually need. Start paying attention to the invisible enablers of your daily life. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Page of Wands Meaning: A moment of carelessness could cost you this retrograde, Leo, so slow down and be mindful of what you’re doing, especially around new projects, roles, tasks, or activities. Don’t start rushing (or showing off…). Don’t try to skip to the good part. Don’t over-stretch your capabilities, take it steady and one step at a time. More haste, less speed. Focus on what’s already on your plate and pay attention to the detail. Be thorough and practical. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The World Meaning: The World can literally mean travel, global aspirations or contacts so pay particular close attention to any plans, journeys, contacts or deals you’re doing around the world this retrograde! It can also mean endings and new beginnings, so anything that is transitioning, shifting, or changing also needs your Virgo super-powers of attention to detail and organisation. You’re on top of this. In fact, part of me thinks you secretly enjoy the challenge of a retrograde! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: The High Priestess Meaning: Be really careful about the things you tell yourself this retrograde, Libra, you know that little inner voice that can be your greatest cheerleader… or your worst enemy. The High Priestess suggests the messages you receive from within might not be entirely fair or true. If it seems harsh/unfair/unkind then it is, and you should tell that inner voice to shut up. Distract yourself with meditation and affirmations. Don’t listen to the demons. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Four of Swords Meaning: You have been going at 100MPH recently and juggling many, many balls. Time to chill a bit. Take May slower than 2022 has been so far. Clear the decks a bit, get some breathing space, prioritise. If you don’t, then things will topple this retrograde. One dropped ball could bring the whole house of cards you’ve carefully built down, so just pre-empt that and step back a bit. Less is more, anyway. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Knight of Coins Meaning: Protect your home, money, and workload. Be cautious and prudent about the things that guard your realm. Check and improve your insurances, firewalls, fences, locks, alarms, contracts, passwords, and account security. The Knight of Coins is like a guard over our material world and crops up when we would benefit from double-checking our defences and boundaries. Mercury retrogrades can expose places we’re vulnerable, so get a head start and do it yourself now. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Death Meaning: This Mercury retrograde is going to prompt a process of transformation in your life. It’s likely something will happen that makes you notice something you’ve taken for granted or has become a default. When you look at it with fresh eyes, you realise you don’t like it or want it. And this activates a whole review and assessment process that creates a new approach. Death is a major transformation omen. So be open to noticing things you’d like to change this next few weeks. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: Two of Swords Meaning: Decisiveness is the key this retrograde. The Two of Swords asks you to tie up loose ends, make your big choices confidently, stop procrastinating, finish unfinished business. Anything left hanging is likely to go wrong this retrograde and you’ll only have yourself to blame as all of this stuff has been on your plate for a while. Why wait? You know what you think and where you stand, so just go make it official. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Four of Wands Meaning: Your work world could get a bit choppy this retrograde but if you handle it with good grace, attentiveness, a solution-focused mindset and humour then you could actually end up helping out and impressing a whole load of people and improving your position as a result. The Four of Wands can hint at advancement and promotion so this tricky retrograde season could certainly bring you a chance to shine. Look for opportunities. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Taurus MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday