Fans can finally watch the Avatar: The Way of Water teaser in all its glory. The first look trailer for James Cameron’s long-awaited, highly anticipated sequel to the original 2009 blockbuster has dropped after its initial exclusive run before screenings of Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness. However, if you haven’t made it to watch Benedict Cumberbatch’s latest offering as Strange – which is still the only way to see the teaser in 3D – now you can whet your appetite for the Avatar follow-up. There’s not a lot of hints about the plot in the video, but the incredible visuals are on full display in the 98 second clip, with Pandora looking more stunning than ever. The teaser shows Jake Sully and Neytiri – voiced by Sam Worthington and Zoe Saldaña – as they ride through the sky and swim underwater with new creatures. The only line in the trailer comes from Jake, who says: ‘I know one thing. Wherever we go, this family is our fortress.’ The synopsis for the movie reads: ‘Set more than a decade after the events of the first film, Avatar: The Way of Water begins to tell the story of the Sully family (Jake, Neytiri, and their kids), the trouble that follows them, the lengths they go to keep each other safe, the battles they fight to stay alive, and the tragedies they endure.’ It’s well over a decade since the first Avatar hit screens, with one planned almost every year now until 2028. According to the Hollywood Reporter, director James told the crowd at Las Vegas CinemaCon – the first to see the trailer – that he ‘set out to test the limits of what cinema can do’ with the new film, with each audience member given 3D glasses to watch the new footage. Producer Jon Landau confirmed that while the Avatar films are all sequels, they work as stand-alone films that ‘together are an even greater connected epic saga’. Sigourney Weaver and Stephen Lang will return as their original characters, and there are some high-profile newcomers attached to the project, including Vin Diesel and even Titanic star Kate Winslet. It’s been a long 13 years but there’s not long left to wait, with Avatar: The Way of Water hitting cinemas in the US on December 16 this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Avatar 2: James Cameron shares sequel footage with CinemaCon audience 13 years after first film released MORE : Avatar: Frontiers Of Pandora will be fully ray-traced reveals new behind the scenes video 