Martin Lewis has revealed a list of advice for families facing the cost of living crisis – but the UK’s money-saving master still warns that Boris Johnson and Rishi Sunak are the only people who can really offer a lifeline to struggling Brits. The financial expert famously warned ‘I’m virtually out of tools’ as energy bills and petrol prices soar and food banks face critical demand. There are still some tricks left up his sleeve, with a ‘cost of living crisis survival guide’ on his website offering 90 ways to save. However, Martin says civil unrest may soon be on the cards – with some of those forced to choose between heating and food ‘still destined to face both freezing and starving’. ‘When I said I was nearly out of ways to help, I was making a point that for some people money-saving, which is what I spent my career doing, will not solve this problem,’ he told MailOnline. ‘And, therefore, it is political levers that need to be pulled to solve the problem.’ Devastatingly, fresh crisis awaits and Christmas is expected to be impacted in Britain as energy bills are predicted to surge again by another 30% from October. Martin says the ‘big picture is just too scary’ and advises people to ‘look at the small picture, go to every single thing that you spend money on and, first, ask yourself, “Can I do it cheaper and the same way?”’ ‘The real difficulty is that people are always saying, “You can’t help me, I’m terrible with money”‘, he said. ‘Actually, that’s not the case. The people I can’t help are the people who have already done everything and are on the lowest incomes and they have no wriggle room, and those are the ones I’m worried for most at the moment.’ Read all 90 of Martin’s top tips here. MORE : Veterans ‘slipping through the net’ as living cost crisis leads to spike in homelessness MORE : Tory MPs vote down emergency budget to tackle cost of living crisis Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.