Pep Guardiola has taken a dig at Jose Mourinho’s failure to secure Champions League football for Roma next season, while attempting to defend his own record in the compeition. Manchester City are still licking their wounds following Wednesday’s harrowing defeat against Real Madrid in the Bernabeu. Leading 5-3 on aggregate heading into the 90th minute, City conspired to concede twice in injury time before Karim Benzema’s penalty in extra time eventually settled an astonishing contest. Despite dominating the domestic leagues in Germany and England with Bayern Munich and City, Guardiola is yet to add to the two Champions League crowns he won earlier in his managerial career with Barcelona.  Guardiola has come perilously close, but still remains one title short of Mourinho’s  haul, despite having spent a fortune since replacing Manuel Pellegrini at the Etihad Stadium six years ago. The 51-year-old claimed money is no guarantee of winning the competition, let alone qualifying for it, and pointed to Mourinho’s disappointing maiden domestic campaign with Roma as evidence. The Special One was in an emotional state earlier this week when his side, thanks to Tammy Abraham’s header, reached the the final of the inaugural Europa Conference League, but sit 10 points behind fourth place Juventus in Serie A with three games remaining. Launching a passionate defence of his record in Europe’s elite club competition, Guardiola said: ‘People say that since this team has not managed to win the Champions League then it is a failure. I totally disagree but I accept it, I will not debate who is right or who is wrong. ‘I’m always hungry , I think every day how lucky and happy I am. I know that the people here are obsessed with the Champions League. ‘The day we win it I’m sure they will say it’s it was because we spent so much money , not for the work behind it ‘For me it is not a question of money and the fans do not understand it. Roma have also spent a lot of money but they are not in the Champions League.’ MORE : ‘I refuse to praise him!’ Jose Mourinho explains ultra-harsh treatment of Tammy Abraham MORE : Jose Mourinho interrupts interview to send class message to Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 