Brooklyn Beckham has only been married to Nicola Peltz for a few weeks but he clearly knows the secret to a happy wife. The 23-year-old chef was spotted enjoying a blissfully sunny afternoon at a farmers’ market in West Hollywood, California with his new wife on Sunday. It appears to be their favourite haunt as the couple were most recently seen there last weekend. On this occasion, Brooklyn did the honours of selecting a bouquet of roses for Nicola, 27, who was seen carrying them as they strolled away. However, before presenting the Bates Motel actress with the gift, Brooklyn covered their faces with the bouquet and planted a kiss on his spouse, playfully hiding away from the cameras. It comes after Brooklyn, son of David and Victoria Beckham, debuted a new tattoo he got in tribute to Nicola. Perhaps his most sentimental piece of body art yet, the photographer has his entire wedding vows inked on the underside of his upper right arm making for quite a large piece. The tatt reportedly reads: ‘Nicola when you walked down the aisle you took my breath away you look so beautiful tonight and always. Let me start by saying that words cannot even describe my love for you just looking at you I see my future and it feels like a dream. ‘You are my world and I continue to fall more in love with you every single day. ‘Having you in my life is the best thing that has ever happened to me as you have made me become the man I am today.’ Written prior to the couple getting married, the heartfelt message continued: ‘I have been looking forward to this day for so long, because today is the day I get to marry you, my forever babe, my love and my best friend, Nicola – today you become my partner, my other half – and my family and because of that I am the luckiest man in the world to be able to spend the rest of my life with you. ‘I promise to be the best partner, the best husband and man and to always take care of you, to make you laugh, feel safe and more importantly loved. It concludes: ‘I can’t wait to live out our dreams together and have lots of babies and be yours forever because you are forever mine.’ Brooklyn and Nicola tied the knot at her family’s huge estate in Florida in April after more than two years of dating. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles rocks the socks off Radio 1’s Big Weekend with gorgeous performance – wearing fan-favourite NSFW banana necklace MORE : Gentleman Jack viewers emotional after Anne Lister and Ann Walker reconcile their romance in series finale: ‘This is actually breaking my heart’ 