Andy Murray has pulled out of this month’s French Open to focus on his preparations for Wimbledon. The decision comes after the Scot announced in February his intentions to skip the entire clay-court season and put all his efforts into the grass-court events this summer. However, he changed his mind and played at the Madrid Open last week after receiving a wild card where the three-time grand-slam champion reached the third round after victories over Dominic Thiem and Denis Shapovalov. Illness forced him to withdraw from a mouth-watering encounter with Novak Djokovic in the last-16 but his strong showing in Madrid had led to rumours Murray would play at Roland Garros. Yet the 35-year-old has since confirmed he will not feature at the year’s second grand-slam in Paris. As of now, Murray’s preparations for Wimbledon are uncertain with the men’s and women’s tours – the WTA and ATP – considering the removal of ranking points for UK-based grass-court events in response to British tennis’ decision to exclude Russian and Belarusian players from playing at their tournaments this summer. Murray has already entered the draw for the ATP 250 event in Stuttgart in June as he looks to get matches on the grass under his belt. But he was toying with the idea of playing in the Surbiton Trophy – a small Challenger tournament – which begins at the end of May. The two-time Wimbledon champion is contracted to participate at Queen’s Club but could also decide to feature at Eastbourne, a week prior Wimbledon. On the Lawn Tennis Association and Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian and Belarusian players, Murray has indicated he does not back the idea. Earlier this month, he said: ‘I’m not supportive of players getting banned. The guidance from the government was not helpful. ‘My understanding of the guidance was that Russians and Belarusians can play if they sign a declaration that they’re against the war and against the Russian regime. ‘I’m not sure how comfortable I would feel if something happened to one of the players or their families (as a result). I don’t think there’s a right answer. ‘I have spoken to some of the Russian players. I’ve spoken to some of the Ukrainian players. I feel really bad for the players who aren’t allowed to play and I get that it will seem unfair to them.’ MORE : Andy Murray withdraws from Madrid Open with illness before Novak Djokovic clash MORE : Andy Murray criticises Wimbledon’s decision to ban Russian players: ‘I feel really bad for them’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 