Nick Cannon has gone for a vasectomy consultation as he prepares to welcome his eighth child. The chat show host, 41, is expecting a son with his girlfriend, model Bre Tiesi, with Nick now joking he ‘isn’t looking to populate the earth completely.’ Nick already shares twins Moroccan and Monroe, 10, with ex-wife Mariah Carey, and Golden, four, and Powerful Queen, one, with Brittany Bell. He also has 10-month-old twins Zion and Zillion with former flame Abby de la Rosa. Nick’s youngest son Zen, who he shared with model Alyssa Scott, died of brain cancer in December at just five months old; Nick announced he was to become a father again the following January. While Nick has often spoken about his love for all of his children, he has now decided to make steps towards getting a vasectomy as he admits he doesn’t know if he would intentionally have had so many children so close in age. He told E! News: ”I don’t know if I would’ve designed it this way, but it’s one of those things when you’re blessed with the gifts of children’. He added that, ‘as we all know, I’ve been through so much, I find solace, I find peace in my children and I find purpose.’ Nick confirmed that he had already been for a vasectomy consultation and is ‘looking forward to taking care and loving all the children that I currently have.’ Earlier this year, the star admitted he is sometimes kept awake at night with ‘heavy guilt ‘about his son, Zen, as he worries he didn’t spend enough time with him before his death. Speaking on his show, he said: ‘I have other children even in a similar age that I was like, “OK, I’m guilty that I’m not there every day. ‘I’m guilty that the mothers of my children yearn for more and I can only give so much.”’ The Nick Cannon Show was launched in 2021, with Nick saying it was a ‘dream come true’ to have his own programme, but the show has now been axed after just one season. Host Nick shook off the news, insisting on his show that it was ‘just showbusiness’. He insisted: ‘This ain’t over, we still got more shows. This is not the last show. I’m excited to be part of a business where I get to try so many things.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Cannon shrugs off his talk show being axed after just one season: ‘I ain’t going nowhere’ MORE : Nick Cannon’s talk show ‘cancelled after just six months on air as ratings plummet’ 