Manchester United have confirmed the appointment of Steve McClaren and Mitchell van der Gaag as assistants to new manager Erik ten Hag. McClaren, 61, previously worked at Old Trafford as an assistant to Sir Alex Ferguson, while Van der Gaag, 50, worked with Ten Hag at their previous club Ajax. Ten Hag, McClaren and Van der Gaag were all in attendance at Manchester United’s final game of the season on Sunday as Ralf Rangnick’s side suffered a 1-0 defeat to Crystal Palace. Dutch coach Ten Hag has signed a three-year deal with United and officially takes over the team today following Rangnick’s spell as interim manager. McClaren was by Ferguson’s side for the conclusion of Manchester United’s treble-winning campaign in 1999. The Red Devils won the Premier League in each of McClaren’s three season as Fergie’s No. 2. He then left Old Trafford to embark on his own managerial career, enjoying an impressive spell with Middlesbrough before taking over England in 2006. McClaren has also worked for FC Twente, Wolfsburg, Nottingham Forest, Derby County, Newcastle United and Queens Park Rangers in a coaching career that has spanned three decades. The experienced coach was Ten Hag’s assistant at FC Twente in the Netherlands. Van der Gaag, meanwhile, held coaching roles in Portugal and the Netherlands before becoming Ten Hag’s assistant at Ajax in 2019. Under Ten Hag and Van der Gaag, Ajax beat PSV to the Eredivisie title this season. Meanwhile, McClaren recently discussed his time working with Ten Hag and hailed the 52-year-old’s work ethic. ‘I thought I worked hard until I met Erik,’ the ex-England boss said. ‘His great strength lies not just in his attention to detail and organisation. ‘He has a clear philosophy of how he wants to play football; the environment he wants to create.’ Manchester United finished sixth in the Premier League this season, amassing 58 points, their poorest return since 1989-90. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 