An unexpected storm caused chaos within an Indian flight this weekend. Passengers travelling from Mumbai to Durgapur with Spice Jet were left cowering for cover on Sunday evening. Extreme turbulence caused by the wind had caused carry-on luggage to rain down from the overhead lockers. The Boeing 737 had been descending to Durgapur when the storm hit. Footage from the flight shows dazed passengers gazing round at the scattered debris, food and bags across the aircraft. One woman can be seen with blood dripping down her leg and onto the chair next to her. Around 200 people were aboard the Spice Jet service on Sunday. A total of 15 people – 12 passengers and three crew members – were taken to hospital once the plane landed at Durgapur’s Kaze Nazru Islamd Airport. SpiceJet is now under investigation following the incident. Amit Baul, who was travelling for work on the plane, told the BBC: ‘The Boeing 737 was going up and down like a rubber ball. ‘It was complete mayhem. The food waste from the galley was flying out – leftovers and beverage cups and cans choked the isles. A few food trays and seat handles had come off.’ Amit added passengers who had not tightened their seatbelts, or who had neglected to put them on at all, were ‘flung’ up and smacked into the overhead bins. It is believed an autopilot function on the 737-800 stopped working for two minutes during the flight, which meant the crew had to manually fly the plane until it recovered. India’s aviation minister Jyotiraditya Scindia branded the incident ‘unfortunate’. He tweeted: ‘The turbulence encountered by a flight while landing in Durgapur, and the damage caused to the passengers is unfortunate. ‘The matter is being dealt with utmost seriousness and deftness.’ SpiceJet – the second largest in India – previously was forced to apologise after a cracked cabin window was fixed with Sellotape. At the time, the budget airline had said: ‘Safety is our utmost concern and at no point in time does the airline compromise on the same.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.