Holly Willoughby and Bradley Walsh’s BBC One show Take Off has reportedly been axed by the broadcaster following its four-episode run last summer. The presenting powerhouse duo were initially paired up for a one-off Christmas special in 2019 before returning to our screens in July 2021. However, it appears the quiz show, where members of the public competed to win seats on a plane to dream holiday destinations, failed to, erm, take off with viewers. It’s said this was mainly due to the strict travel restrictions faced by UK citizens and people all over the world, following the beginning of the pandemic in March 2020. The BBC ordered the new episodes in February 2020, which saw seats offered up to Los Angeles and Las Vegas, and filmed them ahead of the global Covid outbreak. A source explained: ‘Take Off was filmed before the pandemic when travel was much easier. ‘Now, it’s more difficult with so many restrictions. It didn’t land with viewers who were grounded.’ ‘However, Holly and Bradley loved working together and had amazing on-screen chemistry,’ the insider told The Sun. This Morning star Holly has been a staple on screens for years, also co-hosting the popular primetime weekend show Dancing On Ice with pal Phillip Schofield. After hosting The Games earlier in May, she recently tried out something else new by paring up with actor and comedian Lee Mack to present on new celebrity reality show Freeze the Fear with Wim Hof. The challenge series, which followed celebrities including Alfie Boe, Strictly Come Dancing star Dianne Buswell and rapper Professor Green as they took on a once-in-a-lifetime adventure in sub-zero conditions, was produced by Hungry Bear Media, which also produced Take Off, and is owned by Holly’s husband Dan Baldwin. Meanwhile Bradley has been the face of enduring ITV afternoon hit The Chase since 2009, as well as hosting its spin-off Beat the Chasers, enjoying recent stints on Doctor Who opposite Jodie Whittaker and taking on the role of Pop Larkin in a new adaptation of H.E. Bates’ The Darling Buds of May – The Larkins – in autumn 2021. The former Coronation Street star is also an executive producer on the show. Take Off was not the first time Holly and Bradley have worked together, as they both presented sports comedy panel game Play to the Whistle from 2015 to 2017. Ahead of Take Off’s launch, Bradley gushed of his friend and colleague: ‘It’s great working with Holly, it’s fantastic, I’m not just saying that because she’s here and she’s my mate but I absolutely mean it.’ Metro.co.uk contacted the BBC for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran ‘to sing national anthem after Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Pageant with star-studded friends’ MORE : Pete Davidson sneaks Kanye West joke in final Saturday Night Live appearance after announcing exit in emotional letter 