A police officer has been sacked after being convicted of trying to frame his ex-girlfriend for a string of invented crimes. Abubakar Masum waged a campaign of harassment against woman he was ‘obsessed’ with after their relationship ended because of his cheating. The 24-year-old made anonymous tip-offs to Crimestoppers after he dumped her, falsely claiming Mia Pitman was involved in serious criminality. At one point, the 23-year-old had her home raided by 20 armed officers searching for a gun after a bogus call from her ex. Masum made a number of ‘false, untrue and malicious’ claims against the criminology student, including that she shot dead an Albanian gangster, hid a firearm in her garden and plotted murders with a Tesco colleague. During his trial, prosecutor William Hughes detailed how he told Crimestoppers she was ‘storing a handgun’ on behalf of a Class A drug dealer and ‘planned to shoot’ a man over a debt. Mr Hughes told the court how Ms Pitman and a colleague were arrested mid-shift by armed officers while working at a Swansea city centre Tesco. Investigators began to suspect the calls against the student were ‘malicious’ and noted some of the information in the call suggested a familiarity with police work or the criminal underworld. Masum was arrested and admitted making the calls but claimed he did so ‘in good faith’ because he ‘feared for his own safety’. A jury saw through his story and he was convicted of perverting the course of justice following a two-week trial at Cardiff Crown Court earlier this year. He is due to be sentenced later this month but South Wales Police have already moved to throw him out of the force. Chief constable Jeremy Vaughan said: ‘I recognise that the conduct involved premeditation, planning, targeting and taking deliberate steps and thus has a higher degree of culpability. ‘There is an element of personal advantage and is an abuse of trust and position. ‘I am satisfied that the misconduct is so serious that nothing short of immediate dismissal is a sufficient outcome to maintain public confidence. ‘I have no hesitation in concluding that the conduct and subsequent criminal convictions of PC Masum requires that he is immediately dismissed. No lesser outcome is justified or appropriate.’ The ruling means Masum will be banned from working in all police forces in England and Wales. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.