The mother of a 10-year-old girl killed in the Texas school massacre will use her job as local news reporter to pay a special tribute to her daughter. Kimberly Rubio and her husband Felix became one of several families thrust into the limelight after the tragedy last week, in which little Lexi and 18 other pupils at Robb Elementary School, Uvalde, were shot to death by Salvador Ramos, 18. Despite being wracked by grief and constant requests for meetings and interviews, Kimberly asked her boss if she could write a small section about Lexi in an upcoming issue alongside two pictures of her. Speaking to The New Yorker, Craig Garnett, the Uvalde Leader-News’ publisher, said he replied: ‘You can have a full page.’ Shortly after, the paper published a now-iconic cover story about the victims, who also included two teachers, featuring a front page that was entirely black except for the date of the atrocity: May 24, 2022. It’s believed Kimberly’s tribute to her daughter will appear in an upcoming issue. She started working at the paper as a receptionist before Mr Garnett noticed how she usually had a book open in front of her and thought she might have a hidden talent. He added: ‘I said, “You know, if you love to read that much, you can write.” And, by gosh, she didn’t let us down.’ The mum and her husband had been at the school on the morning of the shooting for an awards ceremony in which Lexi was affirmed as a star pupil. The popular girl was named to the school’s honor roll and handed an award for good citizenship around the same time Ramos was preparing to shoot his grandmother in the head before driving there armed with an AR-15 assault rifle. Felix was one of several officers from Uvalde County Sherriff’s Department called to the scene, and was present when Ramos was shot dead by a border patrol agent. A picture of him crying as he attempted to console his broken wife was one of the most widely-circulated pictures of the tragedy’s aftermath. The parents previously paid tribute to Lexi in an interview with CNN, saying: ‘She was kind, sweet, and appreciated life. ‘She was going to be an all-star in softball and had a bright future, whether it’s sports or academic. Please let the world know we miss our baby.’ Felix later added: ‘All I can hope is that she’s just not a number. This is enough. No one else needs to go through this. ‘We never needed to go through this, but we are.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.