Boris Johnson has made his TikTok debut and it’s fair to say that not everyone is thrilled. The prime minister popped up on the platform in a slightly awkward video to announce the launch of an official Downing Street profile. He promised it would provide exclusive insights about the inner workings of his Number 10 operation – although ruled out joining in with any dance craze videos. Commenters gave him a less than warm reception, with ‘resign’ being among the most popular greetings. Another user implored him to ‘please do a video on your hair routine babes’. On the day the government was criticised by the opposition and unions for not doing enough to ease the cost of living crisis, others said the timing was crass. One commented: ‘Country going into recession so the government made a TikTok to help us’. Mr Johnson recorded a message announcing the launch, saying : ‘Hi folks, this is Boris Johnson launching the Number 10 TikTok site. ‘You won’t necessarily catch me dancing on this site but you will have lots of stuff about what we’re doing to deliver on our priorities, to deliver for you on our agenda of uniting and leveling up our country. ‘You’ll get all sorts of messages and content that you might not necessarily get if you’re looking at Instagram, Snapchat, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and all the other stuff. ‘This is intended to be a place where we can put out messages and behind the scenes insight into what we’re getting. ‘So tune in to Number 10 TikTok.’ His decision to rule out any dancing was criticised by some who pointed out that Theresa May, no stranger to a public boogie, may well have joined the craze. MORE : Crime, education and Brexit: Key takeaways from the Queen’s Speech The PM’s appearance on the platform comes on the same day researchers claimed the best way to get noticed on the platform is to utilise grandparents. More than two thirds of users aged 16 to 24 said clips featuring their grandmother or grandfather received more attention than other videos. The 57-year-old last became a father in December 2021 and would likely balk at any suggestion he is pursuing this strategy. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.