Looking to find an oasis of calm amid the hustle and bustle of the city? We’ve got just the garden for you. Occupying the entire 27th floor of residential tower Landmark Pinnacle, situated on the Isle of Dogs, London, the Panoramic Sky Garden is a little slice of botanical heaven. More than 3,500 plants have created a spectacular tropical garden and a space dedicated for children to play and be inspired into gardening. The indoor garden embraces biophilia to give residents the full benefits of connecting with nature, against a backdrop of London’s iconic skylines. Chalegrove Properties, the developer of Landmark Pinnacle, created the vision for all the garden floors and rooftop – which will be enjoyed by residents of the skyscraper. Homes are available at Landmark Pinnacle – but they don’t come cheap, with prices starting from £570,000. The garden covers 6,350sq.ft., featuring a carefully curated micro-climate where plants are nurtured in an enclosed glass container. Occupying the entire 27th floor, the garden is split into an East and West side, each with its own character and layout The West Garden provides a calm space, with sofas and benches set around specially selected trees, shrubs and plants chosen to transform the space into a tropical oasis. Providing panoramic views across the Thames, the West Garden also features a private relaxation area with lounge chairs, as well as a table tennis room. With views over Canary Wharf, the East Garden boasts 2,265 plants, creating a green and playable garden for residents. The garden is densely planted, and aims to have a jungle feel. A play trail running through the centre of the space twists through the textural tropical and sub-tropical environment, allowing children to get close up to the forms and textures of the planting. Vertical planting in the form of trellis running up the walls and metal tunnels along the play trail adds a new dimension to the space. The gardens have also been designed to deliver a year-round, multi-sensory experience, with bursts of colour, texture, height and scents that change from month to month. Ficus plants, such as figs, have been selected for their rubber-like, glossy leaves that stimulate the sense of touch, while more delicate plants with smaller leaves offer a different experience. Incorporates Stephanotis climbing plants with their fragrant flowers to fill the summer air with a beautiful, intense scent that will delight residents using the garden. Rami Atallah, director of Chalegrove Properties said: ‘The residential gardens are an aspirational amenity and we wanted to bring that here for the first time, whilst creating a truly unique indoor space within the UK’s tallest residential building. ‘The need for accessible green spaces has become more important for people, especially following the pandemic. There is a limit to the amount of space that can be provided as roof terraces or rooftop gardens, so bringing that outdoor green space inside is the next step. This means that our green indoor spaces can be used come rain or shine.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How I Do It: ‘Since getting with my boyfriend, I’ve realised I could be pansexual – here’s my week in sex’ MORE : Bride transforms £4,000 wedding gown into stunning cocktail dress for her honeymoon MORE : Why you should bring up therapy on a first date – and how to have that conversation