Star Wars fans were promised a treat for May the Fourth, aka Star Wars Day, and certainly have been given it, with a new Obi-Wan Kenobi trailer. Back in March, a teaser trailer was released for the show, which will also see Hayden Christensen return as Anakin Skywalker, aka Darth Vader, a role he last played 17 years ago in the prequel films. But it was revealed there would be more in store for fans of the franchise on May 4, with it later confirmed a new trailer was on the way. A short clip, featuring star Ewan McGregor – who plays the titular character – was captioned with the news: ‘New trailer today. #ObiWanKenobi”.’ But Star Wars fans have now been given a whole minute-and-a-half of footage ahead of the six new episodes. In the clip, we see Darth Vader being on the hunt, a first look at Kumail Nanjiani first look and Obi-Wan delivering a stark warning to Luke Skywalker’s uncle. It comes after many die-hard fans predicted the trailer would be used to mark the special day – and it’s safe to say they can’t wait. Responding to the clip on Twitter, one shared: ‘RETURN OF THE KINGS.’ ‘OH MY GOD:!&;$:&: SHAKING CRYING ALL OF THE ABOVE,’ said another. ‘The last part of the trailer is huge. light saber color change is UNBELIEVABLE,’ weighed in a fan. The show is set 10 years after the end of the prequel trilogy, which ended with Revenge of the Sith. This is where fans saw Luke and Leia Skywalker were born and Obi-Wan sent them into hiding. There’s a stellar cast involved with the new series. Aside from Ewan as Obi-Wan and Hayden as Anakin/Darth Vader, other members include the aforementioned Joel as Uncle Owen and Bonnie Piesse as Beru Whitesun Lars, Owen’s wife and Luke aunt. Rupert Friend plays the Grand Inquisitor, who has previously made appearances in the animated Star Wars series The Clone Wars and Rebels, while Indira Varma portrays an Imperial officer. Obi-Wan Kenobi will premiere on Friday May 27, with the first two episodes coming out in one go. Obi-Wan Kenobi is due to premiere on Friday May 27 on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian leaks unedited photo of Stormi at Disneyland that was Photoshopped as True MORE : New Disney Plus superhero series Extraordinary is ‘funniest thing since Derry Girls’  according to Siobhán McSweeney: ‘And it’s not a f***ing kids show’ 