Every household in Britain will get £400 to help them pay their soaring energy bills, Rishi Sunak has announced. The chancellor revealed how he has changed his plan to help Brits get through the cost of living crisis, including offering an energy grant for every household in England, Wales and Scotland. Initially, the chancellor offered a £200 loan for energy bills – to be paid back over the coming years. This changed today, when Mr Sunak told MPs people would not have to pay back the money at all – and also doubled it. Many will see this as welcome news, especially after energy regulator Ofgem announced the price cap is to increase by £800 later this year. But between all the tax rebates, energy discounts and new benefits systems, the logistics can be very confusing. So, here is everything you need to know about the part of the Energy Bills Support Scheme that applies to everyone. You do not need to apply or sign up for anything – your energy supplier will simply credit the £400 to your account so you don’t have to pay as much. How this discount gets applied will depend on how you get your electricity and gas. If you pay with a direct debit, which 69% of Brits do, the £400 will be divided up and a portion of it will be deducted from your bill every month. If your family uses a pre-payment meter, the money will be added to your meter for you or you will receive vouchers. The Government will lay out the precise details of how everything will work in the coming weeks. Similar systems are in place for the other forms of help available to people – a £650 one-off payment for those on benefits, a £300 grant for pensioners and an extra £150 for disabled people. These will generally be applied automatically, but only to those who are eligible. You can check on the Treasury’s website. In many cases – but not always – you will only be eligible if you were already on these benefits, or had applied for them by yesterday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.