Former Alabama Corrections Officer Vicky White spent the night at a hotel before helping capital murder suspect Casey White escape from prison. Camera footage taken inside a Quality Inn shows Vicky White, 56, checking out of the hotel around 6.30am on Friday April 29. Hours later she would disappear with accused murderer Casey White, 38, whom she claimed to be transporting to court from the Lauderdale County Jail. In the week leading up to her disappearance, Vicky White bought men’s clothes at Kohls and visited an adult sex toys store, Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton told the TODAY show on Monday. ‘We just confirmed that this was well-planned and thought out,’ Singleton said. ‘Obviously, she bought some clothes for him. The adult store thing? I don’t know what that was about.’ The hotel Vicky White was caught leaving was also near where she recently purchased a 2007 SUV, which was located on Friday over 100 miles away at a tow lot in Tennessee. Vicky White and Casey White, who are not related but have a ‘special relationship,’ have not been found. Their relationship began at least two years ago, and involved Vicky White providing the inmate special treatment compared to other inmates. She would also call him while he was in prison. Vicky White, a 17-year veteran of the sheriff’s department, had filed for retirement the day before disappearing. Five weeks earlier, she sold her house for well below market value, authorities said. Both Casey and Vicky White should be ‘considered dangerous and may be armed with an AR-15 rifle, handguns and a shotgun,’ US Marshals said in a statement Thursday. Casey White had been held in Lauderdale County jail awaiting the trial for capital murder charges he faces stemming from a 2020 stabbing. He was also serving a 75-year sentence for a series of violent crimes committed in 2015, including attempting to kill an ex-girlfriend. His former attorney told the TODAY show that the six-foot-nine accused murderer, who suffers from mental illness, is likely off his medication. ‘When he is not on his medications, he has a tendency to self medicate by using methamphetamine. And if you have seen, Casey is 6-foot-8, 6-foot-9, about 300 pounds. So that makes Casey a danger when he’s off his medications,’ attorney Dale Bryant said. There is an active warrant out for the arrest of Vicky White on charges of permitting or facilitating escape in the first degree. There is a reward of up to $5,000 for information leading to the location of Vicky White and $10,000 for information leading to the capture of Casey White. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.