On Sunday June 19, dads and father figures across the country will be served breakfast in bed and thanked for their support. When you’re little, you can get away with giving pops a card with some fusilli stuck to it, but as you get older it’s not so easy. And since dads are often thought of as ‘not wanting a fuss’, they end up lumbered with tools and other stereotypical male gifts (whether they’d use them or not). If your dad likes fragrance, skincare, or grooming, why not give him a pamper session for his special day? It doesn’t need to be all cucumbers on the eyes and infused water; merely a present that allows him to feel great or take some time out. To help you along, we’ve rounded up our favourite grooming gifts that’ll wow this Father’s Day. This set is perfect for dad who like an old-school look to their products, but the formulations themselves are anything but. They’re paraben-free, sulfate-free, and suitable for all skin types (including sensitive). For just £38, you’ll get a Facial Scrub, Face Wash, Daily Energising Moisturiser, and Eye Cream. Plus, you can get 20% off by using the code GIVEME20 at checkout. Buy at Hawkins and Brimble. Men often have slightly rougher skin than women, but this is easily remedied with some exfoliation. Priced at £18, this soap from iconic cosmetics brand Kiehl’s sloughs away dead skin, removing dirt and oil as it goes. Buy from Keihl’s. With a wash, a scrub, and a lotion, this kit has everything your gift recipient needs for soft, glowing skin. Each of the products are under 100ml, too, so is easy to take in their carry-on when flying. Buy for £26 at Beauty Bay. Is your dad more of a hair guy? If so, he’ll be coiffured to perfection with this multipack of Hanz de Fuko products. For just £12, you’ll get a pomade, super high hold clay, gravity paste, and sponge wax – style options for days. Buy from Mankind. There’s so much packed into this £50 grooming gift, included branded products from the likes of Elemis, Molton Brown, and American Crew. The contents are worth £134.80 if bought separately, which is a massive saving – but we won’t tell if you don’t. Buy from Lookfantastic. Fragrance is personal, so if you’re buying for someone with a signature scent it may be best to go for that. It’s perfect timing, as Boots has an offer on for 15% off selected fragrances. This 100ml Prada spray, for example, has been reduced from £76 to £64.60. You’ll also get a free Prada toiletry bag with your purchase, so gift wrapping is sorted. Buy from Boots. Even quick morning showers can be part of their self-care routine, thanks to this luxe set of gels from Molton Brown. The spicy fragrances linger on the skin for hours, and smell great when layered with contrasting colognes. Buy for £44 at Molton Brown. In dark rum, cannabis, and leather scents, these mini candles make a great gift for the discerning gentleman. They’re hand-poured in Brooklyn, made from natural vegetable wax, and have a burn time of up to 25 hours each. Buy for £42 at Space NK. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : These are the best events happening in London this week MORE : Former butler to the Queen reveals all the ingredients you need for a royal garden party