In an ideal world, everyone would earn enough money in their regular work that they wouldn’t need to bother with side hustles or picking up extra hours. (Or we’d have a universal basic income, but that’s perhaps a conversation for a different day…) Alas, we do not currently live in such a setup, and so, as the cost of living crisis rumbles on, many of us will be looking for ways to grab some extra cash. But where should we start? Alok Astrom, CEO of the Future Of Work Institute by AppJobs, has some recommendations. He researches trends in the gig economy, so knows which areas are worth trying out. ‘Many of the most lucrative gig work opportunities are roles that did not exist a couple of years ago,’ says Alok. ‘You might not have heard of some of the side hustles that would be perfect for you. ‘With a side hustle, you want something that can fit into your spare time, and not take over your life. ‘It needs to work for you. Your time is so important, so you wouldn’t want to spend it doing something that will cause you to burn out, for very little income.’ With that in mind, here are eight side hustles he recommends: Good at emails, managing calendars, and general life admin? You’d make a great virtual assistant for an individual or a business. Get paid to hang out with people’s pets – fun! ‘As more and more businesses ask employers to return to the workplace, a lot of households will struggle to guarantee daycare for their beloved companions,’ notes Alok. ‘As a pet sitter, you could be paid for solving this issue, and while developing a lucrative side hustle. ‘We recommend you do some basic training and get insurance too, this would make you a step above the rest of the pet sitter crowd.’ Here’s a gig we didn’t know existed. You know those e-scooters that end up out-of-charge and left on the side of the road? People can get paid to collect these and return them to a station. Alok says: ‘If you are confident in a particular skill set, why not use it outside your day-to-day job? Your talent could fill a particular need of a business, which they cannot resource into a full time contracted employee. ‘You often have freedom over your time and rates, and the more niche your skill is, the more money you can make. ‘Some of the most common freelancing opportunities in 2022 include graphic designers, illustrators, programmers, developers, writers and voice-over artists.’ All those little odd jobs that people can’t be bothered to do – you can get paid for them. Think assembling furniture, painting a fence, mounting a TV… all sorts. You’ll be able to charge more if you have skills and qualifications in decorating, plumbing, or joining, but if you’re generally handy, this is still worth a go. ‘UberEats, Deliveroo and JustEat are just three of the many food delivery services,’ Alok notes. ‘In the pandemic, we saw a spike in restaurants offering a delivery service, many have continued. ‘If you have a set of wheels, you could make your vehicle work for you by delivering food in your local area in the evening. ‘As well as food delivery, you could deliver parcels and groceries for major players such as Hermes and Amazon.’ FYI, it’s not just property you can rent out. You can also make some extra income by renting out spare rooms, storage units, parking spots, tools (yep, like drills or vacuum cleaners), clothes, your car… the list goes on. ‘Ensure you have thorough insurance coverage, and everything you rent out is safe for use,’ says Alok. ‘The care sector continues to expand, especially with our aging society,’ Alok says. ‘Being a carer is a demanding job but can be rewarding. ‘If you have the relevant training, you could provide this service on your own terms, charging your own rates too.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : 10 major life events that you need to be saving money for MORE : ‘I was dismissed as simple’: People reveal the reality of disability discrimination at work MORE : How to save money on childcare costs