Martin Lewis has apologised after ‘losing his rag’ in a briefing with Ofgem staff about the energy regulator’s proposed changes. The money saving expert told them that the proposals were ‘a f***ing disgrace that sells consumers down the river’ – but then felt bad about it. He posted on Twitter today: ‘I should’ve behaved better. My ire’s institutional not individual, its was inappropriate…’ ‘I lost it when getting a briefing about today’s proposals, where it feels like at every turn, in these desperate times where lives are at risk, it has ignored all asks for consumers and instead kowtowed to the industry (I hope history proves me wrong)…’ Ofgem, short for the Office of Gas and Electricity Markets, is the UK’s government regulator setting rules for energy companies in the UK. Today, it said that from October it wants to review the energy price cap every three months, instead of the current six. They said that this would allow customers to see ‘the benefit much sooner’ if wholesale gas and power prices go down from their current record high. But it would also mean any surges in price, such as we have seen in recent months, would be passed onto people more quickly. Most homes – around 22 million – currently sit on the energy price cap, The cap has shielded families throughout the pandemic, as it prevented companies from passing on ‘unprecedented increases’ in costs. Ofgem said in a statement: ‘This change would also help energy suppliers more accurately predict how much energy they need to purchase for their customers, reducing the risk of further supplier failures which ultimately push up costs for consumers.’ It comes almost nine in ten people say they are worried about the current cost of living crisis, to the extent that a quarter say it is their leading source of stress. Families face being left around £100 per month short of what they need to cover their spending as prices rise faster than incomes. Mr Lewis, who is concerned that households will struggle even more with rising energy prices, said Ofgem’s ‘market stabilisation’ announcement was also a ‘disaster that means if wholesale prices fall and a new firm gets a switcher, it must pay 85% of the difference to the old firm. Killing hopes of firms launching cheaper deals.’ He said of the Ofgem briefing today: ‘My breaking point was when hearing how instead of listening to calls to scrap its proposed market stabilisation charge, it was making it harsher to really ‘stop the harmful effects of competition’ I.e. staggeringly its aim is to effectively STOP firms undercutting the price cap… ‘Its logic was this’d prevent other firms needing to ‘exit the market’. For years I’ve been pushing it for better controls in who they allow to set up energy firms. Yet now its way to stop it to lock in advantage to higher charging incumbent former monopoly firms… ‘Combine that with meeting industry’s demand for a new more frequent ‘every three month’ price cap change – Carefully calibrated for the first three months to include SIX months of wholesale prices (so the price factors in the highest wholesale rates in history) so firms don’t miss out… ‘I finished the call by asking it to at least consider cutting standard charges, which huge rates stop people really saving by cutting energy use.’ He added: ‘I have had good meetings with Ofgem for years, so I’m sorry this blew up (they were calm I wasn’t)… ‘Please accept that was (and this is) an emotional rant, not a considered piece. I pray when I do further analysis I have to apologise again as I’ve got it very wrong (if not I worry about dire consequences for consumers – we must do more to make things better for them)’. Responding on Twitter, one user said ‘well done for owning this Martin’. But others praised him, with one even saying he deserved a knighthood and Someone saying: ‘Don’t apologise for speaking the truth’. Another added that his response was ‘probably perfectly warranted! ‘My first reaction to 3 month price caps to “enable prices to come down quicker when wholesale prices fall” was that of incredulity. Since WHEN do prices actually fall anyway?! It’s so they can RAISE them more often. Just call a spade a spade!’ A government spokesperson told Metro.co.uk said the energy cap is a ‘matter for Ofgem’ and that officials ‘recognise the pressures people are facing with the cost of living.’ They added: ‘The price cap continues to insulate households from even higher global gas prices. ‘That’s why we have also outlined plans to extend the cap beyond 2023, ensuring families continue to pay lower bills than they otherwise would for their electricity and gas.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.