The UK may miss out on a balcony appearance from the Queen to mark her Platinum Jubilee. A smile and a wave from Her Majesty on the Buckingham Palace balcony has become a staple over the years and has happened at every jubilee. It is hoped the frail monarch, 96, could continue the tradition after facing health challenges this year. But an ‘insider’ told the Daily Mail: ‘It could still happen but it is by no means guaranteed that we will see the Queen on the balcony during the Jubilee.’ Royal aides are said to be putting together a ‘Plan B’ as the special four-day weekend in June inches closer. The first-ever balcony moment came when Queen Victoria greeted the public during celebrations for the opening of the Great Exhibition back in 1851. Over the years different groups of royals have appeared for weddings, birthdays and other big celebrations. Now, the palace faces the question of whether they should send other royals out on the balcony at all if the Queen cannot be present. It comes after the Head of State was forced to cancel numerous events in 2022 due to mobility issues. After 70 years dedicated service, the public must now begin assuming she will not attend events, another source has said. It’s believed officials will now confirm her attendance only on the day of an engagement, under a new strategy. Previous reports suggest Prince Harry and Meghan Markle have been invited to watch an RAF flypast on the balcony on June 2. Olive branches are said to have been extended following years of tension amongst the couple and the Royal Family. The pair gave an explosive interview to Oprah Winfrey after stepping down as a senior royals, while the duke is set to release a tell-all memoir. Prince Andrew is unlikely to be a part of official Platinum Jubilee engagements, although is said to be ‘jostling for involvement’ and is likely to attend ‘family’ events. The Duke of York was stripped of his military roles after being accused of sexually assaulting Virginia Giuffre when she was 17. He strongly denies the allegations and made an out-of-court settlement said to be worth £12 million earlier this year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.