Self-pleasure is important. From the release of sexual tension to reducing stress and encouraging sleep, giving time to your own body and needs has a range of benefits. Nevertheless, it can be hard to know where to start or what to do when exploring the avenue. However, one way to enter the realm of self-pleasure with ease is through toys. Doing most of the work for you, sex toys are devices used for sexual stimulation or to enhance sexual pleasure either by yourself or with a partner. There are many different types of sex toys in various colours, shapes and sizes and at first glance choosing one isn’t as simple as you think. Thankfully, as it’s Masturbation Month, we have delved into the world of sex toys and chosen the best on the market. Because it’s time to take care of yourself. This device is an exclusive collaboration between the pleasure experts at Lovehoney and Womanizer and combines gentle suction with pulsations to engage your clitoris. Award-winning, one reviewer said of the device: ‘For 20 years of my life I have never been able to achieve full orgasm… this toy has gotten me there every single time I use it.’ Get it for £99.99 at Lovehoney A product with a curved and flattened tip to accurately target your G-spot, GIGI™ 2 offers a very popular G-spot vibrator. You can use it upside down and try one of the eight settings on your clitoris or use it in the shower or bath. Get it for approx £105 at Lelo If you are new to the world of vibrators, Lovehoney’s Magic Bullet is best-selling  and ideal for beginners. With three intensities and seven patterns, it is tapered at the top for precise clitoral stimulation and can be used length ways on your intimate area too. Get it for £12.99 at Lovehoney The Satisfyer Pro Deluxe – Next Generation lay-on vibrator is waterproof and even more intense in the shower or bath. You can choose from 11 different suction intensities and various pressure wave settings and rhythms will give you a whole range of different orgasms. Get it for £28.08 at Amazon. A full body massager wand adds something extra to self-pleasure. Use on your glutes and inner thighs as a warm up before using it for my intimate play. A best-seller, it has a 4.8 star rating from reviewers. Get it for £54.99 at Lovehoney Rabbit vibrators are a very popular choice among women as they stimulate both the clitoris and the G-spot. Aesthetically pleasing, ‘The Artist’ by Smile Makers has nine pre-programmed (brush) strokes and vibrations and delivers very powerful, deep and rumbling movements. Get it for £119.95 at Cult Beauty If you want something discreet but that also looks luxe, the Bijoux 21 Vibrating Diamond is an excellent option. With seven patterns and three vibration intensities, its size means its perfect for travel. Get it for £12.25 at Amazon Crescendo 2 is the world’s first vibrator designed to mimic your fingers. It’s extremely flexible meaning you can bend it to fit your body, whatever your size. Reach and arouse all your erogenous zones with the pressure that you want. Get it for approx £149.25 at Mystery Vibe Looking for a toy that is extra quiet? Then invest in the Amo by Hot Octopus. Small and compact, enclosed in AMO’s premium-grade silicone casing lies a large and powerful motor that produces seriously deep vibrations. With strategically placed curves you can switch between pinpoint and all-encompassing options. Get it for £38.60 at Amazon This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best sex toys for couples to level up their bedroom fun MORE : Speed dating is back – after lockdown, is it any wonder? MORE : Woman claims she got a sex toy stuck inside her and had to have surgery