Indian TV star Chethana Raj has died at the age of 21 after having fat removal surgery. The actress was reportedly admitted into a private plastic surgery hospital in Bengaluru, Karnataka, on Monday, but is said to have developed complications as fluid began to accumulate in her lungs. She later died of a cardiac arrest, after being rushed to another hospital where doctors were unsuccessful in reviving her through CPR. Chethana had starred in popular Indian TV series Geetha, Doresaani and Olavina Nildana, as well as in Kannada film Havayaami. According to reports, she had not informed her parents about the surgery and went to Shetty’s Cosmetic Centre with her friends, where unfortunately the surgery did not go to plan. She was then rushed to Kaade Hospital but died at 6.45pm after suffering a cardiac arrest, despite emergency doctors trying to resuscitate her for 45minutes. Chethana’s parents are now alleging negligence on part of the surgeons who they claim conducted the operation without proper equipment. Speaking to Indian news outlet, The Tribune, her father Govinda Raj said his daughter was admitted to the hospital at 8:30am on Monday morning without his knowledge. He only found out after the surgery had started, and has claimed there were no proper facilities in the ICU. ‘My daughter died due to the negligence of the hospital. The doctors have conducted surgery without parental consent and without proper equipment,’ he stated. ‘My daughter was hale and hearty. She was absolutely fine.’ He added to the publication: ‘Someone has suggested to her that she had more fat in the waist and without consulting any family member she had come for the surgery. I will initiate legal action against hospital authorities.’ Speaking to IndiaToday.in, Chethana’s uncle Rajappa said, ‘She is my younger brother’s daughter and she was acting in Kannada TV serials. ‘Somebody had told her to reduce weight as she appeared fat. So, she went to Shetty hospital to remove the excess fat. ‘The hospital is not equipped with an ICU and the surgery was done. After the surgery, water accumulated in her lungs. Later, they shifted her to another hospital nearby where she was declared “brought dead”‘. MORE : Boxer Alejandra Ayala undergoes surgery after being rushed to hospital following defeat to Hannah Rankin MORE : Three-year-old boy dies in hospital after being ‘mauled by dog’ 