Alison Hammond has reacted after her infectious laugh finally reached America, and seems keen to take a trip to the US. The Brummie legend is a regular fixture on our screens, featuring on Friday editions of This Morning as well as on the panel of BBC’s I Can See Your Voice. But she’s found herself putting a smile on audiences in the US, after he played a montage of her most iconic moments on his Last Week Tonight programme, on Tuesday. In the clip, Alison has Ryan Gosling hilariously laughing at her quick wit, is cackling after getting tongue-tied in front of Harry Styles, and is in fits of laughter over several This Morning blunders. Of course, it didn’t take long for the rest of her co-stars, as well as the queen of TV herself, to react to her blossoming fame across the Atlantic. On Wednesday’s This Morning, Holly Willoughby began: ‘We’ve started the day with some news about our very fabulous Alison Hammond, she has broken America.’ ‘In a montage played on Last Week Tonight with John Oliver, viewers were treated to a very special compilation of Alison’s laugh,’ Phillip Schofield shared. Commenting after the clip titled The Delightful Delight of Alison Hammond played out, Holly quipped: ‘It was only a matter of time wasn’t it.’ Her co-star weighed in: ‘That is the biggest show for comedians in America, what a great thing to get on, Well done Alison, we’re very proud.’ Excitedly tweeting the clip to her followers, Alison added: ‘Arh wow America here I come !!’ Fans were full of encouragement for the star on Twitter, with one commenting: ‘First America, then the world! X’ Another wrote: ‘You just make me laugh at anything you laugh at! You’re the best pal everyone wants.’ Someone else shared: ‘All the world needs a little bit of Alison Hammond joy in their life.’ We couldn’t agree more. It comes after her friend and former This Morning colleague Rylan Clark previously shared with Metro.co.uk how he felt Alison landing her major gig on the daytime show ‘should have happened years ago.’ Speaking out on Dermot and Alison’s presenting partnership, he told us: ‘They’re brilliant, I love them. ‘Justice for Alison! I love her, she is one of the nicest women you could ever possibly know. ‘I’ve had nine amazing years of working with her and I can’t believe it’s taken this long for her to be front and centre. It should have happened years ago.’This Morning airs weekdays from 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Boys star Karl Urban takes Phillip Schofield aback revealing he’s a huge fan: ‘I’m fanning out’ MORE : Dermot O’Leary tells Alison Hammond he’ll ‘walk her down the aisle’ at her wedding and we couldn’t love their friendship more 