The Duchess of Sussex’s father has been hospitalised after suffering a ‘major stroke’, according to reports. Thomas Markle, who is estranged from daughter Meghan, had been planning to fly to the UK next week for the Platinum Jubilee. But the 77-year-old was pictured being loaded into an ambulance in Mexico and is said to be in a US hospital receiving treatment. News of his condition was reported in US media before being confirmed to MailOnline by another of his children. Samantha Markle lashed out at her royal sister after years of public hostility among the family. She said: ‘He just needs peace and rest. Godspeed. We are praying. He just needs some rest. ‘It’s a travesty how much he’s been tortured and how much he’s had to go through thanks to my sister’s disregard the past few years. That is unforgivable.’ Mr Markle revealed he planned to visit London for celebrations marking the Queen’s 70th year on the throne next month and wanted to meet with senior royals. He has been publicly critical of his daughter’s husband Prince Harry, calling him an ‘idiot’ over his decision to quit frontline royal duties. The couple have confirmed they will attend celebrations in London next month with their two children, the first time they have made a public appearance together in the UK since their acrimonious departure. It will be the first time the Queen will meet 11-month-old great-granddaughter Lilibet, who is named after her. A spokesperson for the couple said earlier this month: ‘Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex are excited and honoured to attend the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations this June with their children.’ Buckingham Palace has confirmed they will not take part in the Queen’s appearance on the balcony in front of an expected huge crowd. Only royals involved in frontline duties will be in attendance, the palace said, a decision which also sidelines Prince Andrew. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.