Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky has addressed Cannes Film Festival amid the country’s war with Russia, quoting Charlie Chaplin. The leader shared a message virtually at the Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony on Tuesday, quoting Chaplin’s 1940 film The Great Dictator. The satirical comedy-drama saw the actor condemn Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini, fascism, antisemitism, and the Nazis. ‘The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people,’ Zelensky said in his powerful speech. ‘And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.’ Wearing his signature green military shirt, Zelensky received a standing ovation from the crowd gathered watching. It’s not the first time Zelensky has been beamed into a huge event, with the president previously sharing a message at the Grammys. He said at the time: ‘They sing to the wounded in hospitals, even to those who can’t hear them.’ Meanwhile, the president also celebrated Ukraine’s recent win at the Eurovision Song Contest, with Kalush Orchestra taking home the victory. Sharing a statement on Instagram, the country’s president rejoiced in the courage of Ukraine ‘impressing the world’ and its music ‘conquering Europe’ amid the ongoing Russian invasion. He wrote, translated to English: ‘Our courage impresses the world, our music conquers Europe! Next year Ukraine will host Eurovision! ‘For the third time in its history. And I believe it won’t be the last time. ‘We will do everything to ensure that one day the participants and guests of the Eurovision Song Contest will receive Ukrainian Mariupol. Free, peaceful, rebuilt! ‘Thank you for the victory of @Kalush.official and all those who gave their votes for us! ‘I am sure that our victorious chord in the battle with the enemy is just around the corner. ‘Glory to Ukraine!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The five Cannes films to actually get excited about this year MORE : Tom Cruise to receive ‘exceptional tribute’ at Cannes film festival ahead of long-delayed Top Gun: Maverick release 