On June 3, Mercury goes direct again, so the retrograde is over. We can relax, communicate, do admin, travel, and organise again without those dratted Retrograde gremlins. On June 4, though, Saturn goes retrograde. Uh oh. Not to worry, this goes on for months, so its effect is slow and gradual. You might just start rethinking some of your responsibilities, some of the duties you carry – or rather, avoid. Time to grow up, face up, wise up and own up to stuff. Ready for the week ahead? Your tarot horoscope will get you prepared. Ahead, you’ll find a tarot card for each star sign, along with what this means for the week of May 29 to June 4. March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for this week: Five of Cups Meaning: You start to realise that the past is the past, it’s over and done with, and you can’t keep using it (or blaming it) for the way things are now. Enough time has passed that you can rebuild from wherever you once were. The Five of Cups is a message to look ahead, process your pain finally, seek healing and release. You can’t carry all this dead weight – it’s dragging you down. And you’re the only one who can free yourself of it. Time to do so. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for this week: The Emperor Meaning: The Emperor hints that there is an area, project or obligation that you’re leaving to someone else (or someone else is taking over) and actually it should be on you. Stand up for this right. Step forward. Lean in. Don’t ask for permission, get stuck in and do what you know, deep down, you know you ought to and want to. In the long run, you will better for biting this bullet and seizing the mettle, because it will only bug you, on some level, that you’re not in control. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for this week: Page of Wands Meaning: Pages can indicate immaturity. Your sign’s key trait is its youthfulness, which is a positive life gift (you never age, you love life, you always have fun). However, the Page of Wands reflects a need to grow up in some areas (which you already know about…) this Saturn Retrograde. It’s likely to revolve around your lifestyle, healthy living (or lack of), education or professional development and ambitions. Sometimes you can be a bit scattered and vague about your goals. Clarify and crystallise where you’re heading. Take yourself seriously. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for this week: Seven of Wands Meaning: Stop putting yourself down and edging away from the competition because of a misplaced imposter syndrome. You are bigger, bolder and better than you think, others are aware of it but you have a blind spot when it comes to your own power. The Seven of Wands asks you to really own your space this Saturn retrograde and occupy the spot you long to. Don’t shy away, make excuses, or let others have what you covet… go for your dreams. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for this week: Page of Cups Meaning: The Page of Cups can be a little naïve, especially around relationships and romance. Maybe this is part of your charm, but it gets you into hot water and down some dead ends that a shrewder soul would’ve seen coming. Leo, this Saturn Retrograde, take heed of your life lessons in love and friendship, and understand your past mistakes (and those of others). Once bitten, twice shy. Live and learn. Don’t always take people at face value. Appreciate that everyone has a public, private, and secret face. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for this week: The Empress Meaning: Family is where your thoughts will turn this Saturn Retrograde as you wonder what role you play and where you’re most needed, valued and can bring the stability and care you’re famed for. We all need a Virgo close by! The Empress asks you to share your love with family freely this year. Don’t stand back or wait to be asked, be the one who turns up, calls, remembers anniversaries, organises reunions or get-togethers. Be present with your family this week. You will feel so loved. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for this week: Nine of Swords Meaning: Retrogrades can activate private anxieties which, typical Libra, you tend to smother and keep secret because you like to present a composed and in-control façade to the world. The Nine of Swords asks that, whatever emerges for you personally, you take the time to talk it through, clarify your feelings, explore them out loud, release them with someone listening – or even just journal. Don’t bottle things up, let them out. Most of this worry will be vapour but that which remains as a tangible, solid concern can then be isolated and tackled. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for this week: Queen of Swords Meaning: Independence is your theme tune! The Queen of Swords is the tarot’s strongest solo player, she takes care of herself, knows her own mind and heart, and goes after her ambitions with single-minded (if not ruthless) focus. You will get some of that powerful energy this Retrograde and you must invest in something important, worthwhile, challenging and that you alone can deliver. Activate a new goal. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for this week: Four of Coins Meaning: You start to feel like it’s a Groundhog Day moment during this Retrograde, you keep on doing the same things, putting in the same level of effort, and expecting the same results… and you’re bored of it, to be honest. You are a creature fueled by innovation and passion, and in order to put in the effort and work, you need to feel inspired. And, honestly, you’re not right now. It’s time to find a new goal, or tweak your current ones, to make you feel motivated again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for this week: Temperance Meaning: Capricorn, you are the hardest worker in the room and ruled by Saturn, so this retrograde will hit you, as you love the topic of responsibility and duty anyway. You push yourself so hard already. Temperance is a little nudge to perhaps let yourself off the hook a little more often. Have fun. Rebalance your work / life scales, and make sure you’re working to live, not living to work. Temperance is about moderation and harmony. Take a long hard look at your schedule – is there enough time for you and your own leisure? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for this week: King of Cups Meaning: You are one of the most honest and open signs, so you likely know exactly where you’re at in terms of your commitments, responsibilities, and obligations to others. And you’re likely to be already on top of it all, because you face your challenges head on. The King of Cups asks you to be kinder to yourself as you go about trying to make everyone else’s life easier. Be as supportive of your own goals and needs, as you are towards others. Be your own coach, cheerleader, and BFF. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for this week: Ten of Coins Meaning: The Ten of Coins means that this Retrograde will make you look long and hard at your long-term material goals and ambitions – in terms of career, money, health, and home. Pensions, mortgages, debts, savings, lifestyle habits, work roles and progression, home location and situation etc… are all under your microscope and you’re in the mood to make changes, re-prioritise, adjust and do things differently. Think about the long game, focus on the long-term, make a future you very happy. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of June MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday