Been struggling to sleep well recently? As the seasons and weather change, it’s normal for sleep to be disrupted. Earlier sun rises can wake us up earlier than we’d like, leaving us lethargic during the day. Parvinder Sagoo, a pharmacist and health adviser for Simply Meds Online, says: ‘Changes in weather can impact the quality of your sleep, and how much you’re getting. ‘This is because these dramatic weather changes leave us feeling lethargic, irritated, hot and headachy and this can in turn leave for a disrupted and uncomfortable sleep. ‘You may think that experiencing lethargy should mean that we sleep better as we are more tired, but actually it has the opposite effect, and often if we feel lethargic during the day we may find that our sleep at night is affected.’ This experience is known as ‘weather whiplash’. Parvinder adds: ‘High levels of humidity makes the temperature feel warmer than it actually is, and if the sun has also been out this quick and sharp level of change can leave our body confused which leaves us feeling tired, agitated and lethargic. ‘Not only this, we also experience “weather headaches” which are medically known as barometric pressure headaches.’ You can’t change the weather, but you can change your habits. Parvinder suggests drinking plenty of water, taking frequent breaks from screens, improving your posture, taking a hot bath, and applying a heating or ice pack for a few minutes during the day. He says: ‘If you’re working at a desk try to sit up straight and take regular breaks to walk around. ‘You can also massage your head which may be able to relieve any pressure and tensions, concentrating on the temples.’ Other useful tips include getting fresh air at least once a day and exercising. Don’t let the sun lull you into a daytime slumber. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Cheeky crow annoys sleeping fox by pecking its bum MORE : How should you sleep when pregnant and should you lie on your back? MORE : Study says reading before bed can help you sleep longer – this is how to make it a habit