Peter Andre has had the last laugh as far as chipolata-gate is concerned, having posed up a storm with a batch of plant-based sausages. The 49-year-old previously said he had been the butt of all jokes for 15 years after Rebekah Vardy’s quip about the size of his manhood, but now he’s taking the remarks in his stride. The Mysterious Girl hitmaker has taken centre stage in Beyond Meat’s BBQ Beyond campaign, which aims to demonstrate how people can create, cook and host a summer BBQ using plant-based products. The campaign follows new research which reveals over half people struggle to know what to BBQ for guests who don’t eat animal meat. Peter smouldered at the camera while holding a vegan hot dog drizzled in mustard in one hand and a burger in the other, while another snap saw him tending to his meatless meats on the barbie. In one picture, the star managed to get his hands on a whole tray of Beyond Meat burgers – and yes, we do want a bite. ‘I’m delighted to be teaming up with Beyond Meat to inspire more people to put plant-based meat on their BBQ this summer,’ Peter enthused. ‘Their burgers sizzle on the grill and taste amazing. It’s as easy to cook as animal meat, and is much better for the planet. ‘Beyond Meat makes it incredibly easy to live a flexitarian lifestyle, something which myself and my family are a huge believer in.’ Peter’s role in the campaign comes just weeks after he hit the headlines again as a result of the Wagatha Christie libel battle between Rebekah and Coleen Rooney. During the high-profile court case, Rebekah was asked about an interview she gave in 2004 about a purported sexual encounter with Peter, which carried the headline: ‘Peter’s hung like a small chipolata, shaved, slobbery, lasts five minutes.’ Rebekah said that she was ‘forced into a situation by my ex-husband’ to do the interview, however, he has vehemently denied all claims. Peter used Instagram to hit back at the jibe which has haunted him for 15 years, claiming there would be ‘absolute outrage’ had the tables been turned. ‘15 years this has been going on and I kept quiet and I didn’t say anything and I let everyone have their laugh and I let everyone say what they wanted to say,’ he said. ‘Yes, now she has gone to court and admitted that the story was made up and she did that because her ex-husband forced her to do it, fair enough. ‘But put that all aside and just think how that feels, if a man had said this about her anatomy and made up something, you can use your imagination, saying something very unflattering, there would be absolute outrage. ‘But because it has been said about me it’s been the butt of all jokes, I’ve taken it for 15 years.’ Peter continued: ‘It’s brought up again, the only one that sits there and takes hit after hit about it is me. I’ve been laughing about it for a while but think about how it would feel if it was the other way round, and that’s all I’m saying. ‘Yes, we all know now it’s a made-up story, but it’s a little more serious than that. ‘I think it’s not fair something like this can get brought up again and again and again – we talk about mental health, about being kind, and nothing seems to change, there you go.’ The high-profile libel battle comes after Coleen accused Rebekah of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the media in October 2019. Rebekah denies leaking stories to the media and is suing her fellow footballer’s wife for libel, while Coleen is defending the claim on the basis her post was ‘substantially true’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 