Jack Tweed has fallen in love again 13 years after the death of Jade Goody. The former Big Brother star was just 27 years old when she died of cervical cancer in 2009, leaving behind her heartbroken husband and two sons from her previous relationship with Jeff Brazier. Tweed, now 34, was 21 years old when he and Goody married in February 2009, with the new bride dying one month later. The heartbroken widower remains dedicated to his late wife, often sharing old photographs of the pair together to Instagram and fundraising for cancer charities in her memory. Now Tweed has reportedly found love again with a PA from Essex, with the pair said to have been dating for six months. As reported by The Daily Mail, the electrician and his new girlfriend Ellie Sargeant, 27, were introduced by mutual friends and have been ‘smitten’ ever since. A source told the outlet: ‘Jack has really fallen for Ellie. They already share a close bond and are totally smitten with each other. ‘It’s still early days but pals believe they have a great chance of a future together.’ Sargeant is believed to be helping Tweed set up a charity night in memory of Goody, which is set to be held this summer, and will attend the event to support him. Tweed, who had previously been in a relationship with Alee Jeffreys before their split last year, said in a recent interview that it was ‘hard for anyone to replace Jade, because she will always be the love of my life.’ Speaking on the 13th anniversary of Goody’s death, he added: ‘‘It doesn’t get easier. ‘I will never get over Jade’s death, you just learn to deal with it better. ‘It doesn’t feel like it’s been 13 years at all. I can still hear her talking, and it feels like yesterday when I last saw her.’ He had alluded to a new relationship at the time, saying it was ‘early days’ and admitted he had found it difficult ‘to form romantic relationships since Jade’. Tweed recently reconnected with his stepsons, Bobby and Freddy, who were four and five years old when he became their step-dad and are now young men. Tributes poured in for the Big Brother icon on her anniversary, earlier this year with fans remembering her as ‘courageous’ and ‘beautiful’. Metro.co.uk has approached reps for Jack Tweed for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jack Tweed will ‘never get over’ Jade Goody as he reflects on 13th anniversary of her death: ‘She will always be the love of my life’ MORE : Jade Goody’s son Bobby Brazier reveals he breaks down in tears watching videos of her 