Kate Moss will be testifying in Johnny Depp’s bombshell defamation case against Amber Heard. The supermodel was in a relationship with the Pirates of the Caribbean actor for around four years before they split in 1997. She was recently mentioned by the Aquaman actress in her testimony earlier this month, and will reportedly be questioned in the case, which is being heard at the Fairfax County Courthouse. A source close to Depp’s team has confirmed to Metro.co.uk that Moss will be testifying on Wednesday via a live-video link, as a rebuttal witness. Heard took the stand at the beginning of the month and mentioned Moss while recalling a moment Depp allegedly swung at her sister Whitney – a reference that his lawyer excitedly pumped his fist to. During her testimony, she claimed that her sibling was near a staircase ‘in the line of fire … trying to get Johnny to stop’ amid the alleged argument. She then said it ‘reminded’ her of an alleged incident between Moss and Depp. Heard told the court that she threw a can of Red Bull towards the actor, which struck him in the back, before he became enraged and followed her up a staircase. The star alleged that her sister intervened to try and get between the pair. ‘[Whitney’s] back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her,’ she continued. ‘I don’t hesitate, I don’t wait — I just, in my head, instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs.’ Heard said that she ‘swung at him’, adding: ‘In all of my relationship to date with Johnny, I hadn’t landed a blow. And I, for the first time, hit him — like, actually hit him. Square in the face. ‘He didn’t push my sister down the stairs.’ Depp’s lawyer reacted excitedly to Heard’s mention of the model – but it is not clear exactly why. The fashion icon has never alleged that she was abused by her ex during their lengthy romance, but has said that she cried for ‘years’ after they split in 1997. ‘There’s nobody that’s ever really been able to take care of me,’ she told Vanity Fair in a 2012 interview. ‘Johnny did for a bit. I believed what he said. Like if I said, “What do I do?”, he’d tell me. And that’s what I missed when I left. I really lost that gauge of somebody I could trust.’ The former couple were seen arguing in public during their relationship, with one alleged row in 1994 resulting in the actor’s arrest for criminal mischief – after he allegedly trashed his New York hotel room. It was said that Depp was found ‘in a state of possible intoxication’ while supermodel Moss was uninjured. The Edward Scissorhands actor is suing Heard for defamation and seeking $50million in damages, concerning an op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post in 2018. In the piece, she spoke of her experiences of domestic abuse in a relationship, but did not mention Depp by name. Despite this, his team has argued that it implies that he was physically and sexually abusive during their relationship – something he has denied. Heard is countersuing for $100million, claiming he has libeled her by calling her a liar. The trial continues. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Kate Moss and Johnny Depp for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Endeavour axed after 10 years as Inspector Morse prequel films final series MORE : Supernatural’s Jensen Ackles still ‘fought’ to play Soldier Boy in The Boys season 3: ‘He really had to prove himself’ 