The official trailer for Don’t Worry Darling has officially dropped, and it’s everything we hoped it would be. In the psychological thriller, Black Widow actress Florence Pugh plays Alice and global megastar Harry Styles plays Jack, two citizens of a company town called Victory. Alice becomes worried that her husband Jack and his glamorous company might be hiding disturbing secrets. Director Olivia Wilde shared the exclusive promo of the upcoming film with audiences at CinemaCon in Las Vegas last week, and now fans have been treated to a first look. The opening immediately brings us into the idyllic world of the 1950s, with Jack and Alice playing the perfect couple…. or so we think. ‘You and me…. always,’ Alice says while laying next to Jack. The rest of the three-minute-long teaser tells us that this is a love story like no other, as an enraged Alice questions what the Victory project is, and it seems like she’s the only one who seems to care. The 1950s organisation, which is orchestrated by CEO Frank, (Chris Pine) follows every aspect of daily life in the tight-knit desert utopia. While the husbands spend every waking moment working on the ‘development of progressive materials,’ their wives live their life in luxury. Trying to seek some answers from her husband Jack, Alice pleads: ‘Please, what is actually happening?’ Glimpses of the film’s risqué scenes were shown as the trailer reached its climax, and the Watermelon Sugar hitmaker was certainly right ….   this is definitely a film you don’t want to watch with your parents. Considering this was the moment fans have been waiting for, the steamy trailer sent the internet into overdrive. ‘Don’t ask me what don’t worry darling is about just know i will be there opening night popcorn at the ready,’ one person tweeted. ‘I’M SO EXCITED FOR DON’T WORRY DARLING LIKE HELLOOO???’ another enthused. Kiki Layne, Timothy Simons, Nick Kroll, and Douglas Smith also complete the cast. Wilde – who stars as Mary in the film – was served papers from ex Jason Sudeikis, while she was on stage at CinemaCon promoting Don’t Worry Darling. Deadline reports that Wilde was briefly interrupted when she was approached by somebody in the front rows who slid the envelope across the front of the stage toward her. She is believed to have asked: ‘This is for me?’, as she took the documents relating to the two children she and Jason share. A representative for Sudeikis claimed he did not know the legal documents would be served so publicly, saying in a statement: ‘Mr. Sudeikis had no prior knowledge of the time or place that the envelope would have been delivered as this would solely be up to the process service company involved and he would never condone her being served in such an inappropriate manner.’ CinemaCon has confirmed it is reviewing its security measures, telling Deadline in a statement: ‘We have never in the history of the convention had an incident where a delegate has approached the stage who was not authorised to be there. ‘In light of this incident, we are re-evaluating our security procedures to ensure the safety of all our attendees.’ Don’t Worry Darling will premiere in theatres on September 23. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles enjoys solo drive in first sighting since girlfriend Olivia Wilde was served custody papers on stage MORE : Don’t Worry Darling steamy new trailer with Harry Styles and Florence Pugh causes a stir at CinemaCon 