Rebekah Vardy began crying when questioned in the witness box during her high-profile court case with Coleen Rooney. The star, who is married to footballer Jamie Vardy, is locked in a legal battle with Rooney in what has been dubbed the Wagatha Christie case. Rooney, who is married to England star Wayne Rooney, publicly claimed her fellow Wag leaked fake stories she’d planted on her personal Instagram account with The Sun newspaper. Vardy denies the accusations and is suing Rooney for libel. During the second day of the trial, on Wednesday Vardy took the stand in the witness box where she was questioned by Rooney’s team. The TV star began crying when Rooney’s barrister, David Sherborne, started questioning her on the abuse she and her family have received online, including a particularly sickening rape threat against her child. He referred to a 2017 article in The Sun where Vardy spoke about the ‘vile’ abuse she received online, including the threats against her then-two-year-old child. As she burst into tears, Mrs Justice Steyn asked whether she would like a break, however Vardy remained in the witness box. Sherborne insisted he was ‘not going to take [her] through the trolling’ during his line of questioning. Asked again a few moments later if she would like a break, Vardy replied: ‘I don’t think it’s going to make any difference, to be honest.’ During the trial, Vardy denied that photos of her and Rooney together at an international football match were a ‘set up’ following information from the Splash News agency. Sherborne suggested: ‘You were told by those at Splash that if you sat behind Mrs Rooney, you would get good photo coverage.’ She replied: ‘No, not true.’ Questioning her over the seating row, Sherborne said: ‘The reason you decided to put into your diary piece that you were sitting behind Coleen Rooney is because that boosts your public profile.’ ‘That’s ridiculous,’ she replied. He later said: ‘What you don’t say Mrs Vardy is the reason you were sitting behind Mrs Rooney is that you deliberately went and sat behind them even though they weren’t your seats.’ She responded: ‘I think that’s nonsense, absolute nonsense.’ Sherborne later discussed an interview Vardy had given to The Sun in December 2016 while she was pregnant. After Vardy initially said she did not remember the article, Sherborne held up one of the photos used in the exclusive piece, adding: ‘You think you might recall these rather large images of you naked in a national newspaper.’ Vardy said they were her own pictures, adding: ‘They weren’t taken for the purposes of this article.’ After a court lunch break, Vardy faced questions about first meeting her agent Caroline Watt in 2016, who was working for a PR agency called Front Row Partnership (FRP). Sherborne put it to Vardy that Watt approached her ‘because she thought you were getting unfavourable coverage in the press’ and she ‘offered you a way to get better coverage. Vardy insisted Watt ‘offered me a way to tell my side of the story because there was so much negative press.’ She explained Watt suggested she do some interviews ‘to get my truth across’. Vardy has denied the suggestion it was ‘standard practice’ for her to leak private information to The Sun via her agent. In her witness statement, Vardy had said: ‘I have sometimes been caught up in the heat of the moment during conversations with Caroline where I have talked about ‘leaks’ and payment, but these conversations were never serious, and Caroline would have understood that. ‘I have never been paid for private information about anybody apart from myself or my family.’ In October 2019, Rooney took to social media where she accused Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the media, after she said she carried out a months-long ‘sting operation’. She claimed her fellow footballer’s wife shared three fake stories she’d planted on her personal Instagram account, that only Vardy’s account was able to see. These fake stories included Rooney travelling to Mexico for a ‘gender selection’ procedure, her planning to return to TV, as well as the basement flooding at her home. Rooney wrote on social media at the time: ‘I have saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them. ‘It’s ………. Rebekah Vardy’s account.’ Under English defamation law, the burden of proof now will be on Rooney to prove that her post was ‘substantially true’. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebekah Vardy says she was just ‘joking’ after claims she leaked story to press amid Coleen Rooney trial MORE : Coleen Rooney’s smile suggests ‘she’s winning so far’ in Rebekah Vardy legal battle 