Angelina Jolie was filmed being rushed to safety after an air-raid siren went off during her visit to war-torn Ukraine. The Tomb Raider actress flew into the city of Lviv this weekend to meet with people who have been displaced ever since Russian forces launched their attack on the country in February. During her visit to the refuge on Saturday, an air-raid siren was signalled at the station amid fears of an attack and Jolie, 46, was seen being whisked away by her aides and quickly bundled into a waiting car, presumably headed to a bunker. While being filmed during the incident, Jolie remained calm and waved at the camera before insisting: ‘I’m okay.’ The actress is a special envoy for the United Nations refugee agency, and met volunteers working with the displaced, who shared the realities of their ordeal with the actress. According to Reuters, they revealed that each of the psychiatrists on duty spoke to about 15 people a day, and that many of those in the station are children aged between two and 10. Lviv’s regional governor Maksym Kozytsky said Jolie spoke to children undergoing treatment for injuries sustained in the missile strike on the Kramatorsk railway station in April. In a social media post, Kozytsky wrote: ‘She was very moved by (the children´s) stories. One girl was even able to privately tell Ms Jolie about a dream she’d had.’ He added that Jolie also visited a boarding school where she met with students and took photos with them, and ‘promised she would come again’. Lviv is in Western Ukraine, around 80 kilometres from the Polish border, and has faced shelling in recent weeks. Jolie first spoke out in support of Ukraine at the start of the Russian invasion, to say that she was praying for the people affected by the devastating bombing. She wrote at the time: ‘Like many of you, I’m praying for the people in Ukraine. My focus along with my @refugees colleagues is that everything possible is done to ensure the protection and basic human rights of those displaced, and refugees in the region. ‘We have already seen reports of casualties and people starting to flee their homes to seek safety. ‘It is too soon to know what will happen, but the significance of this moment – for the people of Ukraine, and for the international rule of law – cannot be overstated.’ Angelina is no stranger to visiting war zones on a humanitarian mission, with the UN Special Envoy having visited Yemen in March. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson smitten as they make red carpet debut at plush White House dinner MORE : Gentleman Jack: Suranne Jones drama was originally called something very different – here’s how the BBC series came together 