Wedding season is in full swing. After a delay of a few years (thanks Covid), our calendars are filled with ceremony and reception dates. At the best of times, this stage of the year can cause mass panic and this season is coming with added stress. You see, an extended break means we have forgotten how to dress as a wedding guest. From beach weddings to country soirees, the lines of event dressing have become blurred. Different outfits suit different locations, themes and soiree styles. However, never fear because Metro.co.uk is here. Whether you are being invited to the city or the country, we have put together a comprehensive selection of wedding guest dresses to suit all types of nuptials. For a beach ‘I do’ stick to light fabrics and bright colours. We love Kitri’s floral midi dress. It’s shape is seriously flattering and will work all summer long. Get it for £50 at ASOS. Get it for £50 at Kitri Get it for £62.30 at Warehouse. Black tie requires full length, so don’t be afraid of all out glam when it comes to a wedding such as this. Revolve’s halter neck red maxi dress is sure to make an impact. Get it for £65 at ASOS Get it for £247.22 at Revolve Get it for £130 at Next Casual weddings can be tricky. What exactly can be deemed casual in fashion if it isn’t jeans and a t-shirt? Well, we advise to stick with plain coloured garments in linen and cut out styles. These dresses are more relaxed but remain stylish. Get it for £60 at ASOS Get it for £79 at Never Fully Dressed Get it for £89.99 at Zara A city wedding in the summer is all about fun, and mini dresses are our top choice. We adore Chasing Dawn’s floral mini which is meant to be worn with the highest heels for an ode to New York queen Carrie Bradshaw. Get it for £340 at Revolve Get it for £165 at Sister Jane Get it for £219 at Rixo Country weddings are usually a beautiful affair and your clothing should be no different. Think midi and maxi lengths in beautiful floral prints. We especially rate Reformation’s Twilight midi dress. Get it for £285 at Reformation Get it for £85 at Pretty Lavish Get it for £73.95 at NA-KD This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman discovers suitcase full of grandmother’s vintage 1950s fashion MORE : Meningitis left me paralysed – now I’m a disabled fashion designer MORE : Blokecore: The men’s fashion trend throwing it back to Britpop’s heyday