Actress Sienna Guillory has appeared in films including the Resident Evil franchise, Clifford The Big Red Dog and TV shows including Luther and Fortitude. Her first property was in North London and involved a big renovation… A three-bedroom terraced house in Stoke Newington in 2006. My husband and I had been looking at houses and we fell in love with the place even though the living space was in the basement, and I’d said I would never live in a basement in London again having rented one for years when I was still waitressing. It had big square rooms and huge Georgian windows and was close to our favourite pub. It was a kitchen and dining room. We had a huge table in there, which was amazing. The day after we bought the house I had to go to Los Angeles to do a TV series. We ended up staying there for six years and we rented the house out. Then I became pregnant, came back, and started doing the house up. I fell in love with a ProvenÇal garden at the Chelsea Flower Show. We renovated the garden and put a lot of stone and an olive tree in there and I wanted to make the main rooms in the house look out at the back rather than the front. The garden was quite small but it looked quite lush when you looked out at it. We had two sitting rooms, one of which we didn’t use, so we got rid of it so we could have a double-height basement kitchen instead. It meant we had a huge atrium with a floating fireplace halfway up the wall. It was a four-storey house with the basement, ground floor, first floor and second floor and we turned the top floor into a flat for an au pair. We project managed it and it became a nightmare – I now know way too much about taps and radiators. It became a circus of blame shifting. We put a glass roof onto the bit of the kitchen that stuck out into the garden and it poured with water every time it rained. The glazing company blamed the builders and the architect washed their hands of it – no one wanted to deal with it. Eventually it turned out the glazing company hadn’t put some holes in the roof where they were supposed to so it was their fault. And we’d turn on a light and water would come out of the switch. The whole thing took around three years in total. We made some mistakes… The first time we painted the sitting room we did it Klein Blue. The artist Yves Klein patented this very zingy shade of blue, we thought it would be like living in art work, but it was like being kicked in the eyeballs every time you walked into the room. We painted it yellow instead. We thought we’d stay in Stoke Newington forever but now we live in Norfolk. We moved in 2020. I grew up in Norfolk and I drove to Norfolk each weekend to see my mum as we run a clothing company together. I thought ‘Imagine if we don’t have to do this drive every weekend.’ I don’t miss London, I miss the house, the people and the restaurants, but I’m happy we moved. We have views of fields and trees and it’s very calming. I thought I wouldn’t need to be in London for work, because a lot of what I do is done on location miles away, but the first thing back after the pandemic was A Banquet which was filmed in Clapham, so I had to come back straight away. We had to install a misting system into the house in London when we came to sell it to comply with building regulations. It meant we had to stick a lot of ugly boxes into the walls to install this system in case there was a fire. It was that or an external staircase due to the height of the building. Getting in touch with someone from building control in London wasn’t easy during the pandemic. I’ve got half a carpet. I was filming in Georgia, in the former Soviet Union, when I was 20 and I’d bought a carpet. The customs people wouldn’t let me leave the country unless I paid them what they said was half the value of the carpet, which was actually four times what I’d paid for it. They said ‘You either pay us the money or we cut the carpet in half.’ So I said ‘OK, cut the carpet in half’, and they did. So I’ve got half a carpet, which has come with me ever since. Sienna stars in British psychological thriller A Banquet out now on digital platforms. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : An expert reveals the ‘four Ps’ of property investment you need to know MORE : Two-bed property in France up for sale at £40,000 – and it would make a great holiday home