A former mayor who was forced to step down due to ‘corrupt and illegal practices’ has been relected. Lutfur Rahman, of the Aspire party, came out on top in Tower Hamlets, London. He was previously banned from running for mayor after a 2015 trial in an election court. However, he never faced criminal prosecution. During the trial, election commissioner Richard Mawrey said evidence aired revealed an ‘alarming state of affairs’ in Tower Hamlets. As a result of the ruling, Mr Rahman was forced to stand down as the borough’s mayor, and a relection was won by Labour’s John Biggs. But yesterday, Mr Rahman took back his old role after defeating the incumbent Mr Biggs. Mr Rahman, 56, urged people in Tower Hamlets to ‘judge me on what we will do for you’. He said: ‘I want to rebuild Tower Hamlets, I want to invest in our future, and give our people a better future than we had in the last seven years. ‘Judge me and my administration on our record, what we’ve delivered in the first term. ‘The only borough in the country to have free homecare. We delivered the London living wage – the first in London – we delivered the university bursary, educational maintenance allowance. ‘Our promises going forward are even more progressive. Judge me on what we will do for you.’ Mr Rahman won 40,804 votes while Mr Biggs received 33,487. He plans to scrap Low Traffic Neighbourhoods (LTNs) which have proven unpopular among some Tower Hamlets residents. The schemes minimise the number of cars on roads in a bid to boost alternative modes of transport. Mr Rahman said: ‘Our roads have been closed, blocked up. It’s contributing to more CO2 in the borough when the idea was to reduce it. ‘We’re going to look at our roads, we’re going to consult and reopen our roads.’ The 56-year-old formed Aspire following the disbandment of the Tower Hamlets First party, which came as a result of his 2015 ban. It was the largest political opposition on Tower Hamlets Council prior to the 2018 May elections. Mr Biggs described yesterday’s result as ‘decisive.’ He said: ‘I am proud of our many achievements but clearly this reflects a desire for change. ‘I worry about divisive community politics, however, the new mayor must seize the opportunity and deliver on the promises he made.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.