Jonathan Goodwin has revealed he offered Amanda Abbington a ‘get out of jail free card’ to leave him after he was left paralysed when a stunt went wrong. The former Britain’s Got Talent star, who rose to fame on the 2019 series, had been performing a stunt for America’s Got Talent in October 2021 when disaster struck. Jonathan was hanging upside down by his feet between two swinging cars 30 feet in the air, when they accidentally collided and he was crushed between them as they caught on fire, before falling head-first to the ground. He spent four months in hospital after the accident and has been left paralysed and in a wheelchair from his injuries. Jonathan revealed that he had told his new fiancée, Sherlock star Amanda, that he would understand if she wanted to walk away from the relationship after his accident. Appearing in his first interview since the incident, Jonathan told Lorraine Kelly: ‘I did say, “you have a get out of jail free card – if you want to walk away, then I completely understand” and she told me not to be so stupid and that was that.’ Amanda added: ‘We are closer and tighter than ever, I think – every day is a joy, it’s just fun. We have the best time. ‘We said the other day that we are going to be the people that say “yes” [to everything]… Because life’s too short – that’s what I’ve realised through all of this. Just be in the moment.’ Jonathan revealed that he had managed to save his own life during the fall by tucking his head in to his chest so he didn’t hit the ground head-first, but the resulting break to his back is one of the worst his surgeons had seen. He explained that his injuries meant he would need a wheelchair for life, adding: ‘Clearly I don’t do things by halves. ‘The surgeon that did my spinal operation said that it was basically the worst he’d ever seen. So the prognosis is that unless there’s some sort of amazing thing that happens, this is me from here on out [in a wheelchair]. ‘But that’s ok, I’m not down about it to be honest. Obviously I’ve lost a huge amount but also you as an able-bodied person – there are a million things you could do in your life that you’ll never do, and you don’t wake up sad about that. ‘You get up and think about the things you’re going to do and it’s the same for me.’ Lorraine airs weekdays from 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent star Jonathan Goodwin shares first photo from wheelchair after being paralysed by horrific stunt accident MORE : America’s Got Talent star Jonathan Goodwin finally out of hospital four months after death-defying stunt went wrong 