New evidence which appears to show a brutal war crime in Bucha has been uncovered. Eight men were marched to their deaths by a Russian firing squad in the Kyiv suburb, according to a New York Times investigation. CCTV captured the moment the group were led at gunpoint to the car park where their bodies would later be discovered. The paper interviewed witnesses who said they heard gunshots from where the men were taken during the town occupation by Kremlin forces. Drone footage and evidence from the scene seems to confirm they were murdered in cold blood despite being unarmed. Seven of those killed were volunteers for a makeshift defence force and had tried to hide in the home of the eighth murdered man when Russian troops entered the town. Ukrainian forces had earlier successfully repelled a Russian assault but when elite soldiers re-entered Bucha, the men – who only had one gun between them – took refuge. The ninth man in the group was let go after allegedly handing the rest over and is now under investigation for treason by Ukrainian authorities, according to the Times. One man who survived despite being shot through his abdomen corroborated the story. He told the Times: ‘I fell down and I pretended to be dead.I didn’t move and didn’t breathe. ‘It was cold outside and you could see people’s breath.’ Bullet casings and a Russian army ration pack were found at the scene, weeks after invading soldiers had been forced to retreat, leaving evidence of war crimes behind across the region. The Kremlin has consistently denied its soldier’s have committed atrocities, accusing Ukraine of staging killings in Bucha. It comes in the same week the first Russian soldier was convicted for a war crime, the shooting of an unarmed civilian in the Sumy region. Sergeant Vadim Shishimarin, 21, admitted he shot an unarmed 62-year-old who was riding a bicycle from the open window of a stolen car. He was fleeing the area with other Russian soldiers as Ukrainian forces were retaking territory when he murdered Oleksandr Shelipov. Ukrainian prosecutors say they have compiled evidence of thousands of war crimes committed in territory previously held by Kremlin forces. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.