Selling Sunset’s Maya Vander reached out to Christine Quinn after reading reports that she has left the Oppenheim Group but claims she hasn’t heard back from her. Netflix reality star and luxury realtor Christine was in hot water with the Oppenheim Group at the end of season five when she was seen apparently attempting to bribe one of her co-star Emma Hernan’s clients. Since then, her bio has been cut from the brokerage’s website and her image removed from the ‘our team’ tab. Although Maya isn’t sure of the details about Christine’s supposed departure, she made sure to check in with her – but has not had any response so far. ‘I saw articles that she left the O Group which I didn’t know about,’ Maya exclusively told Metro.co.uk. ‘I did reach out to her, but I haven’t heard back yet. I just hope she’s okay. ‘I think she left the office because I heard her picture is off the website. I don’t know the details, I don’t know what it means for her being part of the show. ‘They tried to keep it pretty quiet, I don’t know the details. I just know that she worked there for a long time. She was one of the first agents, me and her. I just hope she’s doing okay. We’ll see if she reaches out to me.’ Maya described her friendship with Christine as ‘cordial’ as she weighed in on the drama of season five. ‘I like Christine and I’ve known her for a long time,’ she said. ‘She sometimes does things that I don’t understand why, she’s impulsive as well. I wish the girls and her would get along more, and I wish it didn’t come down to what happened at the end of season five. ‘I think being in a reality show, you put your life out there and you’re vulnerable, all of us. We get a lot of comments on social media, and we get hate and it’s a tough position to be in, so I just hope she’s okay.’ Maya also stressed that she has no beef with any of her Oppenheim Group colleagues. ‘We all get along,’ she told us. ‘We’re all in a group chat. Season five has been doing really well, so we all share information and exchange messages. We all get along pretty much. I talk to all of them at least.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Christine’s rep for comment. Selling Sunset is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 