Pavement parking should be banned as it is ‘discriminatory’ towards disabled people, a new report has said. Sustainable transport charity Sustrans said the practice puts people off walking in their neighbourhoods. Some 56% of disabled people said they feel welcome when walking, using a wheelchair or riding a mobility scooter – known as wheeling – in their local area. That compares with 69% for non-disabled people, according to a poll of 23,000 commissioned by Sustrans. The UK’s largest study of travel in urban areas also suggests 55% of residents on low incomes feel welcome where they live, compared with 74% in managerial or professional roles. Fewer cars on pavements would help 70% of people walk or wheel more, according to the survey. Pavement parking is already banned in London and the UK Government is considering extending this across England. Go on social media and you’ll see plenty of people venting their frustration over the practice. One fed-up Twitter user wrote: ‘How selfish do you have to be to believe a pavement is an acceptable parking place? Another added: ‘Always winds me right up when I see parking like this because I’ve done childminding and it’s pretty scary to have to go onto the road with a pram to get round a car. ‘Same goes for wheelchair users/mobility aids. So selfish to take up the pavement like this.’ One frustrated Norfolk resident added: ‘I’m sick and tired of selfish motorists. So many think dropped curbs are there to facilitate their pavement parking. ‘I’ve started leaving notes on windscreens saying, “This is a pavement, not a parking space” but they probably get ignored and thrown in the gutter.’ A ban on pavement parking in Scotland is expected to be introduced by the Holyrood administration next year. The UK Government’s spending commitments for England are £27billion for roads but just £2billion on cycling and walking, according to Sustrans. The charity’s chief executive Xavier Brice said: ‘The evidence is clear that people wish to feel safe and welcome while walking and wheeling, and without parked vehicles getting in their way. ‘Pavement parking is discriminatory against wheelchair and mobility scooter users, other disabled people, those with visual impairments and more. ‘The UK Government’s target is for half of all journeys in towns and cities to be cycled or walked by 2030. ‘Achieving this will be impossible unless we do more to make walking and wheeling more accessible and inclusive. A vital first step is to ban pavement parking.’ A Department for Transport spokesman said: ‘We want everyone to be able to enjoy the benefits of cycling and walking, and our plans are supported by an unprecedented £2billion package of funding for active travel over five years. ‘We are actively considering the options for addressing pavement parking and we will announce next steps as soon as possible.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.