An 11-year-old boy was shot while trying to defend his parents as they were attacked by a gang of Rolex robbers who burst into his family home after one posed as a delivery man. The schoolboy suffered serious injuries during the horrific ordeal, which also saw his dad stabbed in the head and mum slashed when a knife was held to her throat. Shocking doorbell cam footage shows Christopher Sargent, 28, approaching the property in Upminster, east London, while dressed as a courier and carrying a parcel late on May 1, 2020. As the father bent to pick it up, he was flattened by Sargent, fellow robber Anthony Lascelles, 34, and two other men who forced their way inside. The boy’s mum told Snaresbrook Crown Court she recalled the sound of her husband screaming before seeing four men running through the house ‘like animals’ screaming, ‘Give me the cash’ and ‘Where are the Rolexes?’ She described fearing she would be raped as Lascelles held a blade to her neck and threw her face down onto the bed. The dad was beaten unconscious in the hallway and one of the robbers also held a knife to the young boy’s throat. Eventually, three of the robbers ran out of the house believing the police had been called. After coming to, the father locked the front door without realising Lascelles was still inside. He came face-to-face with the attacker while running upstairs to check on his wife and another scuffle broke out. The court heard it was at this point the 11-year-old boy moved to help his dad and was shot in the shoulder, while the couple’s nine-year-old daughter hid under her bed. Lascelles then fled the address, making his way to the home of Ajaypal Singh, 28, who organised the raid but did not take part in it. The schoolboy was rushed to hospital with what was described as a major trauma injury and placed in an induced coma. He has since recovered but now has only limited use of his arm. The family lost £36,000 in jewellery and sentimental items during the raid. Since the attack, the couple have moved house after enduring post-traumatic stress which left them feeling ‘unsafe and frightened’. No reason or motive has been provided for why the family was targeted in the ‘organised, ruthless and extremely violent robbery’. But the group had admitted spending a substantial period of time staking out the property beforehand in order to ensure the car on the driveway matched number plates they had been given. Lascelles, of Harold Hill, was arrested following an extensive police investigation. He later admitted robbery and was jailed for 18 years. Sargent, from East Ham, also pleaded guilty to robbery and was jailed for 15 years, while Singh, of Newham, was found guilty of the same offence following a trial at the same court. He also admitted possession with intent to supply as well as possessing a bladed article and was jailed for a total of 20 years. Another person charged with assisting an offender was cleared by the jury, while the two others who took part in the raid remain at large. The young boy was given a bravery award and a neighbour who administered first aid in the aftermath of the attack was also commended. They will collect their awards at a ceremony at a later date. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.