The Queen is enjoying a weekend of peace at Balmoral Castle ahead of the four-day celebration to mark her Platinum Jubilee. The 96-year-old arrived at her Scottish home – where she usually spends her summer – on Thursday, the palace revealed. Recent weeks have seen the Queen throw herself back into public life, appearing at the Chelsea Flower Show, the opening of the Elizabeth Line and the Windsor Horse Show. It follows a period of enforced absence from the public stage over a series of health setbacks. Her visit to the opening day of the South London horticultural event saw her tour the grounds in a specially-adapted buggy as her mother once did. She arrived in the late afternoon and was shown around 10 gardens, including one that had a floral display celebrating her 70-year reign. The week before saw the monarch make a surprise appearance at Paddington Station to celebrate the long-awaited completion of Crossrail, which was eventually named in her honour. While the Queen has continued to carry out some low key formal duties in person or via video link, she has opted to send other senior royals in her place in recent months. The Queen has suffered a series of health problems since spending the night in hospital in October 2021. Buckingham Palace generally doesn’t disclose matters regarding the monarch’s health but a back complaint and ‘episodic mobility issues’ have been blamed by courtiers. The Platinum Jubilee will be celebrated over an extended bank holiday weekend next month. Festivities will be kicked off with Trooping the Colour on June 2, with a ceremonial service at St Paul’s Cathedral on June 3, followed by the Queen’s personal favourite Epsom Derby. She will be joined by a number of members of the royal family – including the Duke and Duchess of Sussex, who recently confirmed their attendance with their two young children Archie and Lilibet. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.