Congratulations to Jodie Whittaker, who has welcomed her second child! Amid all the Doctor Who news, Jodie has some news of her own, Metro.co.uk has confirmed, as she and her husband Christian Contreras have welcomed their baby. The couple were spotted out and about with none other than The Crown star Claire Foy – because who else should a baby meet in their first weeks of life than the Queen?! Jodie could be seen smiling, with the newborn strapped to her in a papoose. The couple and Claire were spotted chatting, all clutching hot drinks as they enjoyed what looked to be a much-needed catch-up. Jodie, who played the 13th Doctor in the BBC sci-fi, looked happy and relaxed, and donned a cosy outfit, with the baby wrapped up in her jacket. She also donned a baseball cap as she kept things low key. Claire, 38, also looked casual (but as chic as always), wearing some cuffed jeans and a grey cardigan, pairing the outfit with some sunnies. Jodie, 39, has kept her family life fairly private, choosing not to announce the arrival of her second child, whose name and sex are not known. She and Christian also share a daughter, who they welcomed in 2015. The pair also chose not to announce the pregnancy, only confirming the news when the actress walked the red carpet of the Brit Awards with her baby bump on show. She revealed the joyful news by cradling her baby bump in the beanbag-style dress, which puffed out over her stomach. Jodie didn’t address her pregnancy on the red carpet but the designer confirmed the news in an Instagram post, explaining that it was created especially with her pregnancy in mind. The brand wrote: ‘The beautiful #jodiewhittaker in our custom made beanbag ball dress for #thebritawards2022 @britawardsinc – the dress is all made from end of life materials and was created specifically to incorporate her pregnancy, while allowing Jodie to retain her sense of self. ‘We’ve worked with Jodie before and love the energy she brings to our pieces… for this occasion, we wanted to make something both structured and yet playful – and this is the result! Photograph taken just before Jodie headed off to the awards, looking glowing and glorious courtesy of @tahira_makeup and @soobroyhair.’ Gorgeous! Jodie’s final episode of Doctor Who, a 90-minute special, will air this autumn. It will see the Doctor and co go into battle with her old foes, the Daleks and the Cybermen, and the Master, before the highly-anticipated regeneration scene. Ncuti Gatwa is set to take over as the next Time Lord. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Jodie Whittaker for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Pregnant Time Lord Jodie Whittaker seen for first time since Ncuti Gatwa announced as Doctor Who replacement MORE : Doctor Who: Matt Smith congratulates ‘brilliant’ Ncuti Gatwa as he replaces Jodie Whittaker as Fourteenth Doctor 