Tracey Connelly, the mother of Baby P, who died after months of abuse, will be released from prison. It comes after the Parole Board rejected a Government challenge against its ruling. Justice Secretary Dominic Raab wrote to the body urging it not to release Connelly, now aged 40, and to re-examine their decision. She was jailed at the Old Bailey indefinitely with a minimum term of five years in 2009 for causing or allowing the death of her 17-month-old son at their home in Tottenham, north London in August 2007. The boy, whose name was later revealed as Peter, suffered more than 50 injuries, including a broken back, at the hands of his mum’s paedophile partner Steven Barker and his brother Jason Owen. It emerged he had been on a register of at-risk children and received 60 visits from Haringey Council’s social workers, medical professionals and police in the months before his death in 2007. Last month it emerged that Connelly’s fourth parole request had succeeded, prompting an appeal by the Government. Today, the Parole Board announced that the appeal application had been rejected and the original decision upheld. Raab said Connelly’s actions were ‘pure evil’ and added: ‘The decision to release her demonstrates why the parole board needs a fundamental overhaul – including a ministerial check for the most serious offenders – so that it serves and protects the public.’ Connelly was released in 2013 but was recalled in 2015 for allegedly selling nude pictures of herself to male fans online – in breach of her licence conditions. A Parole Board spokesman said in a statement: ‘Following the reconsideration application from the Secretary of State, a judge has ruled that the decision made by independent Parole Board members to release was not irrational, as stated in the reconsideration application, and the original decision is upheld.’ Barker is currently 13 years into a minimum 32 year sentence for torturing Peter to death and raping a two-year-old girl. He was refused parole in March after a hearing was told he had refused to engage in treatment to address his violence or sexual urges. Owen received a six-year sentence for allowing the toddler to die and was released in 2014. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.