Today is all about opportunity. Feel the change in the air and go with it, before it is too late. This is particularly true for Aries. You could make great strides if you point your energies in the right direction today. Libra, you’re going down a rabbit hole. Perhaps it’s time to reconsider. Anything is possible today, Capricorn. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 26, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 There are intense energies on the go that could be helpful if properly directed. They might also get in the way of progress if you start overthinking. The key is to know what you want but not to force things. Manipulating events may mean the intended result moves further away. Just relax. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 A major focus on a quiet zone can be a call to reflect. Even 15 minutes could give you a chance to see things in perspective and get a bit of distance from those matters that may be constantly on your mind. The more you let go, the more likely you are to get answers. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Changed your mind about something? Rather than being an issue, this could be a breakthrough. You may realise the futility of carrying on with something that isn’t looking promising, no matter how much you’ve tried. Circumstances can shift again and a more exciting opportunity may show up. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Want a relationship to change? Communication is key. You can either do it in a way that uplifts you both and brings new possibilities or be painfully honest, which will likely rock the boat. The more you resist discussing difficult issues, the harder it will be to make any headway. Try a sensitive approach. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 The Moon in your adventure zone encourages you to be daring and grasp an opportunity. Influences encourage you onwards, especially with a positive power giving you an extra boost of confidence. It could be easy to overcomplicate things, when a simpler approach can win the day. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Have things you want to accomplish? Trying to do too much won’t work. First, attend to those that are highest on your priorities list, even if they’re not so compelling. Getting these out of the way will give you time to focus on what really interests you. From here you can make important strides. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 It may be easy to get bogged down in a situation that seems to have reached a dead end. The only way to get out of this is to change the mindset that tells you nothing can be done and realise that, in this case, you could be your own worst enemy. Drop it and things might start moving. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 You may be in your element, enjoying the chance to solve a mystery or get to know someone. Still, you could miss the chance for a breakthrough if you make yourself too busy today. Taking time out to listen to and act on your instincts could pay off handsomely. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 It’s worth going over a contract or deal to make sure it’s right for you. Hidden in the small print could be a few words that aren’t in your best interests. The desire to think big is getting stronger so don’t be surprised if you have the urge to do something that seemed impossible a short while ago. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Many things are possible but if you want to make the most of the current influences, channel your energies into one thing. Others may try to drag you into their schemes but be selective. By focusing on one idea, you’ll harness powerful forces and create an outstanding result. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Have you been keeping a brilliant idea to yourself? If so, it’s worth talking about it, as this can help make it a reality. No matter how difficult it seems, it all begins with self-belief. And asking for support may see it arrive from an unlikely place, as someone could inspire you to have a go. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Pooling your efforts may be the only way to get something done, no matter how capable you are. Teaming up will mean you have more resources and more experience. Prefer this to be a solo project? The benefits of joining up with others can make a world of difference. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 22 to 28, and Mars’ move to Aries MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid