A Ryanair flight attendant faces jail for allegedly drinking alcohol while working. Sam Thompson, 26, is accused of downing a mini bottle of wine and a shot of liquor with a passenger at the back of the plane while flying from Poland to the UK on Wednesday. In footage said to show the incident, he appears to tell the passenger ‘don’t make it obvious’ as the man passes him a shot-sized bottle of white liquid. He then turns away and appears to down the drink. According to The Sun, the captain breathalysed Mr Thompson after being alerted to the incident. He allegedly found the crew member was around 40% over the drink-drive limit. The 26-year-old was arrested upon landing at Stansted and charged with ‘performing an aviation function, namely being a member of cabin of an aircraft during flight, when their ability to do so was impaired because of drink’. The offence carries a punishment of up to two years’ jail or a hefty fine. Thompson, of Cheshunt, Hertfordshire, was sacked from his job at Lauda Europe, a subsidiary of Ryanair which was operating the flight. He is set to appear before Chelmsford Magistrates’ Court next month. A spokesperson for Essex Police said: ‘Sam Thompson, 26, of Cheshunt, will appear at Chelmsford Magistrates’ Court on Wednesday 8 June to answer a charge of performing an aviation function, namely a member of cabin of an aircraft during flight, when their ability to do so was impaired because of drink. ”It relates to an incident at Stansted Airport on Wednesday 18 May 2022 where the charge is contrary to sections 92(1)(a) and 95 of the Railways and Transport Safety Act 2003.’ A spokesperson for Ryanair said: ‘Lauda Europe policy, in line with European Aviation Safety Agency regulation, prohibits the consumption of alcohol by cabin or flight crew from 8 hours prior to a flight duty until after the duty is complete,’ a spokesperson said. ‘Lauda Europe has investigated a reported individual cabin crew breach of this strict policy on a flight from Rzeszow to Stansted (18 May). The cabin crew member in question no longer operates for Lauda Europe.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.