Steven Tyler has relapsed and has voluntarily entered rehab, his Aerosmith bandmates have confirmed. In a new statement, shared on Instagram, the I Don’t Want To Miss A Thing rockers announced that they have canceled the first dates of their upcoming Las Vegas residency while the 74-year-old recovers. ‘As many of you know, our beloved brother Steven has worked on his sobriety for many years,’ the message read. ‘After foot surgery to prepare for the stage and the necessity of pain management during the process, he has recently relapsed and voluntarily entered a treatment program to concentrate on his health and recovery. ‘We are truly sorry to inform our fans and friends that we must cancel our first set of Las Vegas Residency dates this June and July while he focuses on his well-being.’ ‘We will continue our 2022 dates starting in September, and we’ll let you know any further updates as soon as we can,’ the statement continued. ‘We are devastated that we have inconvenienced so many of you, especially our most loyal fans who often travel great distances to experience our shows. ‘Thank you for your understanding and for your support for Steven during this time.’ They concluded it: ‘If you purchased your tickets via Ticketmaster, you will be refunded and will receive an email shortly with details, otherwise please contact your point of purchase for information on refunds.’ Fans offered their heartfelt support for Steven in the comments below, sending supportive messages. ‘Get well soon! This is the right thing, my heart hurts for him,’ a follower replied. An Instagram user said: ‘My heart is with Steven during treatment!’ Another agreed: ‘Stay strong Steven!!! We love you more than words can say!!! Much love from Mexico… get well soon!!!!’ ‘His health is the most important thing! Sending him and his family much love during this time,’ a fan posted. As one added: ‘Addiction is so hard. We love you, and wish Steven all the support and good vibes he can get. ‘His health is more important than gigs. We’ll wait.’ Steven formed Aerosmith in around 1970, with Joe Perry, Tom Hamilton, Joey Kramer and Ray Tabano. He previously opened up about his struggles with drugs in a candid chat with Haute Living, explaining that his bandmates and management staged an intervention in 1988, when things became too much. The frontman said at the time that it took him ‘many years’ to get over the anger he felt towards them, to see that he was grateful for the incident. ‘There was a moment in ’88 where management and the band pulled an intervention on me. They thought, “Get the lead singer sober, and all our problems would be over,’” he told the publication. ‘So I got sober and, you know, it took me many years to get over the anger of them sending me to rehab while they went on vacation. ‘But today, because of that moment… I am grateful and owe a thanks to them for my sobriety.’ Steven, who is dad to children Liv, Mia, Chelsea and Taj, famously opened up about his drug use during an appearance on The Late Late Show, in 2018, in which he said that he spent ‘about $2million’ on drugs in his lifetime. Host James Corden questioned: ‘Steven as a rock star your life is all about excess, what’s the most you’ve spent on drugs in your lifetime?’ ‘About $2million (£1.5m),’ he replied. ‘I snorted half of Peru. ‘I mean, ask anyone that’s going to be honest with you, come on.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Channel 4 Food Unwrapped uncovers why the chocolate chips in cookies don’t melt – and it’s pretty remarkable MORE : Kim Kardashian’s stalker ‘threatened to kill her and Pete Davidson’, ‘sent bomb threats’ to office 