A Johnny Depp fan had to be removed from court after a dramatic outburst, it has been claimed. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, is currently suing ex-wife Amber Heard, 36, for defamation, with their trial being heard at the Fairfax County Courthouse – as well as livestreamed on YouTube. According to reports, there was a commotion during Monday’s session when a fan stood up in court, claiming that he had fathered her child. During a break, in which judge Penney Azcarate was not in the room, the woman in question reportedly yelled: ‘Johnny, I love you! Our souls are connected,’ Law & Crime reported. Unbothered by the declaration, Depp is said to have turned and waved at the fan. She is then thought to have held up a child, adding: ‘This baby is yours’. It was then that a deputy reportedly approached her and escorted her out of the courtroom, removing the wristband that allowed her to watch the proceedings. The publication states that the fan insisted she was joking, with the incident causing a stir. The court case began last month and resumed on Monday, with former Hollywood film producer Kathryn Arnold among those taking the stand. In her testimony, the entertainment industry consultant and expert spoke of Heard’s stint in the Aquaman films and claimed that Jason Momoa, who stars as the titular superhero, saved her role in the blockbuster. Amid a petition to remove the Justice League actress, who plays Mera, from the final cut, Arnold said that she kept her role because Momoa and director James Wan were ‘adamant that she was in the film’. She told the court that the first draft of the upcoming sequel featured Mera having a ‘strong romantic arc the entire film and some great action sequences’ – but it was reportedly ‘diminished’, with Heard informed that her role was ‘radically reduced’. While testifying, Arnold also denied that this was due to a reported lack of chemistry between the two main stars, adding that she was ‘fighting for her life’ to remain. Depp will be returning to the stand tomorrow, as will former girlfriend Kate Moss. Heard mentioned the supermodel’s name in previous testimony – when she told the court of an alleged row they had in 2015, in which she hit Depp over fears he would push her sister Whitney down the stairs – a move which left her ex’s legal team appearing to celebrate. ‘[Whitney’s] back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her. I don’t hesitate, I don’t wait – I just, in my head, instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs – and I swung at him,’ she said. Moss is reportedly set to testify that the Edward Scissorhands actor ‘caught her and tended to her’ when she fell down the stairs. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ITV News’ Tom Bradby says mental breakdown was ‘100 times worse than being shot’ MORE : Blackpink’s Lisa felt she was letting the band down when she ‘couldn’t sing’ during ‘rough’ year 