The answer to today’s Wordle has left players confused as the New York Times decided to ditch the politically charged word ‘fetus’. In response to the American supreme court’s draft Roe v Wade ruling, The Times has been scrambling to switch today’s Wordle answer for as many users as possible. However, players — who often compare answers with friends and family — were quick to notice the discrepancy, taking to social media to complain about it. The original answer was ‘fetus’, an American spelling of the word which carries heavy political connotations to the ongoing debate on abortion rights in the US. The Times confirmed the glitch in a statement saying it wanted Wordle ‘to remain distinct from the news’. An ironic stand for a news organisation, the implementation of which seems to have been done in a hurry. ‘Some users may see an outdated answer that seems closely connected to a major recent news event. This is entirely unintentional and a coincidence — today’s original answer was loaded into Wordle last year,’ clarified The Times. The organisation said that the current Wordle technology made it difficult to change words that had already been loaded into the game. The game’s list of answers is pre-written and assigned a date. When the Times acquired Wordle it also removed words such as ‘lynch’, ‘slave’ and ‘wench’. ‘When we discovered last week that this particular word would be featured today, we switched it for as many solvers as possible,’ said The Times calling it ‘a very unusual circumstance’. So, if you find that your Wordle answer doesn’t match your friend’s, you’re not alone. It’s probably because you haven’t refreshed your browser window. It’s not the first time Wordle has offered up different solutions. In March, the game caused ‘absolute bedlam’ amongst fans with two answers on the same day. Wordle took the internet by storm since it went viral at the end of last year. The daily online game sees users attempt to guess a hidden five-letter word in six tries or less. The game has also upset players in the past over the use of American and British English spellings. Some even suspected that the game had gotten harder since being acquired by The New York Times (NYT). The Times said that it was in the process of revamping Wordle’s technology so that everyone always receives the same word. MORE : British Wordle players furious over American word in today’s puzzle MORE : Wordle meets crosswords meets anagrams in Knotwords for PC and mobile