 Vladimir Putin will be de-throned by next year and sent to a medical hospital for long-term illness, a former MI6 chief believes. Sir Richard Dearlove, head of the UK’s Secret Intelligence Service from 1999 to 2004, said moving the war-mongering Russian President, 69, to a sanitorium could be a way to oust him without launching a violent coup. Sir Richard made the prediction during an episode of podcast One Decision, which he co-hosts. He said: ‘I’m going to stick my neck out. I think he’ll be gone by 2023. ‘But probably into the sanitorium, from which he will not emerge as leader of Russia. ‘That’s a way to sort of move things on without a coup,’ he added. The prediction comes amid ongoing speculation about Putin’s health – with a new investigation claiming it has been deteriorating for the past five years. He has disappeared from the public eye for weeks at a time since 2017, according to the findings of independent Russian media outlet, Proekt (Project). Former spy Christopher Steele, who led MI6’s Russia desk, said Putin is seriously ill and requires round-the-clock care. His health is having a ‘significant impact’ on the governance of the Kremlin, Mr Steele warned. Film-maker Oliver Stone suggested the Russian despot has had cancer after being granted unprecedented access for two years. Meanwhile it was also claimed earlier this month that the Kremlin leader had surgery to remove fluid from his abdomen. Claims about Putin’s health have not been verified by Moscow. Sir Richard believes Putin’s ‘right-hand henchman’, Nikolai Patrushev, the secretary of the Security Council of Russia, is the most likely successor. ‘If my thesis were fulfilled and Putin did disappear into a sanitorium, I think (Patrushev) is the likely stand-in, and of course the stand-in in this scenario probably becomes permanent. But he warned: ‘There is no succession plan in the Russian leadership.’ According to the New York Post, Patrushev is the most influential person in the Kremlin – and the only person Putin can trust. The pair are said to have become friends after Putin joined the KGB one year after Patrushev was recruited.