We’ve all experienced keyboard warriors at some point. Those cowardly people hiding behind an anonymous account, desperate to offend, belittle and generally ruin your day. Now imagine you knew who the troll was. And not only did you know them, it was actually your mum. If that’s not humiliating enough, imagine she wasn’t anonymous and followed you, and your friends, colleagues and acquaintances, around the internet, provoking, irritating and upsetting as much as she could. That’s my mum. In the early days of Facebook, when she first joined, her profile picture was a swastika – despite never mentioning the Nazis before. It proved to be a taster of what was to come. Mum has always been a narcissist, and the birth of the internet catapulted her attention-seeking urge to be superior and deliberately (and publicly) controversial to ridiculous levels. I guess the red flags were there early. When I was five, she wrote to all the neighbours to demand they turn up to a funeral to bury our cat in the garden. When no one showed up, she never spoke to most of them again and we were banned from playing with their children. As me and my siblings grew older, the gaslighting and ego grew too. When my sister became pregnant, Mum told her she’d never forgive her for having a baby out of wedlock. Then when she did get married, Mum told her on the morning of her wedding that she was making the biggest mistake of her life. In fact, our relationships provide a unique and frankly odd opportunity for Mum to continually pretend to forget the names of our partners’ parents during gatherings despite knowing them for years, in what I can only imagine is an attempt to remind them they are nobodies. But all of this is nothing compared to her online efforts. Most of us will relate to embarrassing online posts by family members, often clumsy in nature, or perhaps there to poke fun and get likes. For me though, it goes way beyond that. Utter terror and embarrassment came as she began immediately adding some of my friends, including some who she – and sometimes I – hadn’t seen since school, plus various work colleagues and ex-girlfriends. Then followed the posts and spamming. Anything to get a reaction – often racist in nature, usually offensive, and always controversial. Like the time she posted a picture of roadkill on her friend’s page, warning her to keep her dog in. Or when she tried to convince an entire BLM Facebook community that they needed to look themselves in the mirror and stop discriminating against whites. Inevitably, over the years she has been banned from many forums. The ones I know of include posting such extreme right wing views that even a UKIP forum pre-moderated her and eventually kicked her out, and an argument that broke out on another group when she tried to lecture on the selfishness of suicide. Anything Brexit related sends her into overdrive. They were all stealing our jobs! My siblings have her on social media but have blocked her several times for trolling, usually for arguing with them online, other times for flat-out insults. My brother is a relatively well-known social media person with around 100k followers and posted a photo of him and the dog. Mum replied, asking if he’d shot him yet. I hoped her own friends unfriending her would have sent some kind of hint, but she just moved on to her gardener and neighbours – both hers and mine – instead. I currently have no social media presence at all in order to totally avoid having to reject her friend requests and then see her online nonsense. Mum’s trolling seems a permanent fixture. When I catch up with my family, there is always a new unbelievable story she has shared. I was told that a few weeks ago she posted that she accidentally rang and got put through to the Ukrainian prime minister (she didn’t). What must people think when they see this tripe? Mum is clearly mentally ill in some way, and it’s being played out for all to see. Being a narcissist, she will never accept it. We tried getting her help in as delicate a way as possible by contacting her GP, but we never found out the outcome because when we chased it up, we were told nothing could be shared due to patient confidentiality. Given that she didn’t explode with rage at us, we are not sure she ever got the memo. Occasional attempts to call out her unreasonable online comments, flat-out blocking her, or deleting comments as my siblings have done, only result in guilt trips where all of us children are played off against each other and are reminded of how uncaring we all are. Of course she posts how awful we are on Facebook, too. This, despite the family being in contact every day. She even once created a fake profile to contact my sister pretending to be a concerned friend of Mum’s, asking why we ignore her. I’ve accepted now that there is absolutely nothing I can do about it, and as an online troll, she’s got me exactly where she wants. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : To the strangers who ask me to ‘sit on their c**k’: you’ll never win my respect, or a date MORE : I went viral – it was fun until people told me I should die MORE : Online safety bill updated to protect people from ‘anonymous trolls’ 