The next New Moon is on May 30, in the sign of Gemini. New Moons are a time for activation, initiation, creation, and go-getting ambition. It’s time to make a start on new adventures, goals, projects, and activity. You are brimming with energy and enthusiasm, invest it wisely into something that will bring positive rewards. The New Moon in Gemini is a great time to activate resolutions or goals related to the areas that Gemini rules over and influences – communication and debate, socialising and mixing with others be they friends, family or neighbours, networking professionally and creating a useful web of contacts, seeking out new venues and activities, trying a different hobby or lifestyle regime, bringing new mental challenges and education into your world, travelling or making plans to do so, writing and scribing your life story or a fictional tale. Travel, socialising, education, and communication are all important right now. Not sure where to start? Ahead you’ll find your star sign’s tarot horoscope for this lunar event… March 21 to April 20 Tarot card for Aries for the New Moon in Gemini: Two of Cups Meaning: Pull closer to your closest friends this New Moon and create something to do together that reinforces why you’re such good friends in the first place. Revel in your bond, celebrate, have fun. The Two of Cups shows you have great people close to you and this New Moon you can make those connections even deeper and stronger if you focus on them with the love and warmth you feel. If you’re romantically attached, then focus on that bond too. Maybe it’s time for a nice weekend away? Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Tarot card for Taurus for the New Moon in Gemini: Three of Wands Meaning: It’s time to party! The Three of Wands is a live-in-the-moment card, all about recognising opportunities to enjoy yourself and seizing them, without hesitation. In fact, if you’re offered anything in the realm of socialising, travel, communication, or education this week or so, you should say yes. Broaden your horizons with what’s on offer spontaneously in front of you. React to the moment. Less planning, more living! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 Tarot card for Gemini for the New Moon in Gemini: Eight of Swords Meaning: This New Moon sees you identifying a habit or behaviour you’ve embedded that actually limits you, in truth, and you’re ready to escape its clutches. The Eight of Swords asks you to examine your communication style with others, where and how you socialise, your travel habits and the topics and channels you use to inform and educate you. What might be out of date? What might have suited an old version of you, but isn’t fit for purpose for the future? Spot it and change it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Tarot card for Cancer for the New Moon in Gemini: Judgment Meaning: You will experience a boosting wake-up call this New Moon that rejuvenates your appetites, ambitions, and energy. You realise that much of what you do isn’t entirely for you, it’s to satisfy others or pursue an ideal that actually isn’t really your thing either. Judgment asks you to tune in to what you uniquely like doing, and, simply, do more of it. Be yourself, everyone else is taken. Do what suits you, and you alone. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 Tarot card for Leo for the New Moon in Gemini: Temperance Meaning: Since lockdown lifted, you’ve carried on with many of the same habits and tried to go back to your old life~in other ways and the penny is now dropping that everything is different, including you. Temperance shows a real, deep-down, and lasting, shift in your outlook, mindset, desires, and priorities. You need to audit your leisure time and what you spend it doing, and how that makes you feel, because new news is waiting. Change your habits to suit your changed values and lifestyle. Adjust. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 Tarot card for Virgo for the New Moon in Gemini: Ace of Swords Meaning: You want to have a tough conversation with someone and express a truth that they will probably be surprised, if not upset, about. It’s time to do this and get it off your chest. It has been pent up for long enough. Plan your words, create a script, practice it. Stay calm. Be compassionate to their reaction, whatever it is. Don’t knee-jerk fly back at them, but let them talk. Take a break. Reconvene when you’re both cool-headed. Gemini New Moon’s lunar beams will help you say the hard words. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Tarot card for Libra for the New Moon in Gemini: Knight of Wands Meaning: You are so very ready to get away from it all and start travelling again. You love your home, don’t get me wrong, but you are also a natural explorer and traveller. Enjoying other cultures, cuisines, weather (sunny, of course) and landscapes floats your boat. The Knight of Wands grants permission to start booking things this Gemini New Moon. Start small, safe, easy. And then build up to something more daring, exciting, stretching. Travel makes memories. And memories sustain us in hard times. This is more than just holidaying. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 Tarot card for Scorpio for the New Moon in Gemini: The Star Meaning: New Moons are a great time for making wishes and this one is no different, in fact even better for you because you get The Star, which is the tarot’s wish-come-true pass. So, whatever you want to happen in terms of travel, communication, commerce, or education, make a wish this New Moon. It might be something that takes a while to come to fruition – maybe even as far as next February, but that’s okay. The higher you aim, the better the outcome, so don’t hold back. The cosmos is backing you! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Tarot card for Sagittarius for the New Moon in Gemini: The Empress Meaning: Creativity is flowing through you right now and it’s related to the themes of love, family, nature, and home. Perhaps you’re in the mood to move or redesign or re-organise your space, perhaps creating a lovely garden or outdoor party hub. Perhaps photography has caught your interest and you’re learning how to take amazing portraits of your loved ones, or capturing natural landscapes. Perhaps you’re inspired to start baking, DIY-ing, doing spells, teaching or inventing. Whatever it is, do what you love and success will follow. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Tarot card for Capricorn for the New Moon in Gemini: Four of Cups Meaning: Something has been overlooked, lost, left behind or forgotten about that actually has the potential to spice up your life in amazing ways. What could it be? It’s something that you can re-activate: maybe a long lost hobby or pastime, maybe a friendship that has drifted, maybe a holiday idea or booking you had but was cancelled and you didn’t rebook… Look at your immediate surrounds and then gaze at the edges; what is lurking that, with a bit of attention, could spring back into glorious technicolour life? Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Tarot card for Aquarius for the New Moon in Gemini: Justice Meaning: Justice is an apt card for you, Aquarius, because you’re totally honest, and you care deeply about society and this planet we occupy. You want things to be better and you’re keen to do your part. I think, this New Moon, you’re looking for creative, fun, and social opportunities to do good with others and feel good along the way. You want to give a voice to the vulnerable, donate, raise awareness and money, invest your skills or resources into something worthwhile. Do it. This is you at your best. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Tarot card for Pisces for the New Moon in Gemini: The Devil Meaning: You’re looking to replace negative, unhealthy, or outdated habits and behaviours with positive, healthy and new ones. Substitution is the way to go when you’re looking to change a repeat pattern. It’s hard to just stop something because you’re primed to do it and you have triggers. So finding attractive, happy and worthy replacements is the best bet. Switch to better ways of answering those triggers. This is actually a fun enterprise! You like living well and improving your environment and inputs. This is a rewarding project this New Moon. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. MORE : Love horoscope 2022: What does your star sign’s relationship and dating tarotscope reveal for the year ahead? MORE : Everything you need to know about dating a Gemini MORE : What type of traveller you are, based on your star sign – and your ideal holiday