Harry Styles truly is unstoppable, and he’s only gone and scored a number one single and album at the same time. Not only that, but the Watermelon Sugar hitmaker, 28, now boasts the fastest-selling album of the year to date with his third solo record, Harry’s House – he’s a force to be reckoned with! It’s relatively rare for artists to score an Official Chart double, but it seems nothing is impossible when you’re Harry Styles, with Harry’s House and blockbuster hit As It Was both sitting comfortably at number one on the Official Albums and Singles Chart. The exciting news comes after Harry’s House achieved the most explosive opening week of any of his solo albums yet, after the songwriter poured his heart out with a collection of ballads and bops. Harry has also debuted with the biggest first-week album sales since Adele’s 30 and officially gains the longest-running number one single of 2022, securing a massive eighth week at the top. This is the first time in 2022 that someone has scored the Official Chart double, the last time being when Ed Sheeran topped both charts with = and Merry Christmas with Elton John at the tail-end of 2021. So, we’re guessing you want some numbers? Well, Harry’s House doubles the singer’s previous personal best, achieving over 113,000 chart sales. In comparison to his debut self-titled record, this managed just under 57,000 UK chart sales in its first week in May 2017, while 2019’s Fine Line saw 49,000. So, by the looks of things, there’s only one direction Harry is heading in. Oh, but as if one album in the charts wasn’t enough, sophomore record Fine Line returns to the top 10 this week too at number eight, while debut solo album Harry Styles vaults back into the top 40 at 29. It really is Harry’s world and we’re all just living in it, huh? In case you had any doubts, Harry’s House tops this week’s Official Vinyl Albums Chart too, with the record outselling the rest of the vinyl top 40 combined. Elsewhere because, sadly not everything revolves around Harry Styles, Everything Everything boast a career best with Raw Data Feel at number four, with the Mancunian alt-rock group’s sixth studio album becoming their third top five to date. Also enjoying a top 5 career-best is UK trap wave rapper M Huncho, whose debut studio album Chasing Euphoria scores a number 5 entry and his third top 10 collection. Meanwhile, recently-reformed N-Dubz’s 2011 Greatest Hits collection flies 28 places to a new peak of number 10 – we’ve clearly all missed them! As for the singles chart, sitting behind Harry’s long-running number one – which remains the most-streamed track in the country with over 8.9million listens to its name – is also, erm, Harry Styles, with another song from his new record. Late Night Talking is at number two while, surprise surprise, another Harry track, Music For A Sushi Restaurant, completes the top three. Harry has enjoyed a jam-packed release week, taking to the stage of The Today Show in the US to delight fans with a performance after they camped out in the rain for him. He also played a ‘One Night Only’ show in London, which saw his family and girlfriend Olivia Wilde cheer him on. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2022 winners Kalush Orchestra meet fans in Ukraine hotel during air alarm MORE : Liam Gallagher to have operation on ‘bashed up’ hips – but promises high kicks at Knebworth gig 