Aldi has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called Specialbuys. From egg chairs to bedding, and fire pits to gin, there are always some great deals to be found. If you’re planning ahead to visit the iconic middle aisle – or you prefer to get your bargains online – we’ve got you covered. Here are our top picks of this week’s Aldi Specialbuys. This week, Aldi’s shelves are stacked with everything you need to celebrate the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee in style. From garden splash toys to an outdoor projector, you can make your street party really stand out. You’ve probably heard of Kevin the Carrot; the veggie mascot for the German supermarket. To celebrate the Queen’s Jubilee, they’ve now released royal versions. There’s the Queen herself, as well as some carroty corgis and Union Jack emblems. Available for £3.99 each in Aldi stores only now. This Epson projector can achieve up to 320 inch display, making it easy to play films and shows for your guests. It’s portable too, with a built-in speaker for videos on the go. It’s £399.99 at Aldi, which is the cheapest deal we could find on the UK high street for this particular model. Available on the Aldi website now. With space for up to four children, this sandpit will be a welcome addition to any busy play space. It’s priced at £59.99, and comes with a canopy that can be put up or down depending on your needs. Buy exclusively on the Aldi website now. This game, priced at £18.99, is fun for all the family. It’s like the original Twister mat, but you can hook it to your hose so that stepping equals splashing. Available in Aldi stores from Sunday May 29. You can order online and find more Specialbuys on the Aldi website. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : These are the best questions to ask while speed dating, according to an expert MORE : How to support a loved one you think might be struggling with postnatal depression