The biggest night in fashion is finally here: The Met Gala, 2022. This year’s theme is Gilded Glamour, with a white tie (the fanciest of fancy, basically, with tailcoats and full-length gowns expected) dress code. That means we’re expecting real high-class, retro glamour, evocative of 19th Century New York – think corsets, bustles, up-to-the-elbow gloves, and plenty of drama. But if previous Met Galas have taught us anything, it’s that celebrity attendees love to surprise us… whether by interpreting the theme in a truly innovative way, or by seriously under-delivering (Karlie Kloss at the 2019 Met Gala, we’re looking at you). So, which stars will serve up all the glitz of the Gilded Age? And which will earn a shake of the head from Anna Wintour? We’ll be rounding up every single outfit, as the celebs arrive, ahead, so you can be the judge. Let’s get into it. Order is chronological in terms of arrival, with the most recent at the top. Yes, Kim is indeed wearing the Marilyn Monroe gown Wearing Valentino Wearing Burberry Wearing Miu Miu. Wearing Givenchy Wearing Burberry Wearing Versace Wearing Dior Wearing Versace Wearing Thom Browne Wearing Givenchy Wearing Prada Wearing Thom Browne Wearing Off-White Wearing Versace Wearing Vera Wang Wearing Versace Wearing Oscar De La Renta Wearing Michael Kors Wearing Versace Wearing Chanel Wearing Khaite Wearing Valentino Wearing Vivienne Westwood Wearing Tory Burch Wearing Peter Do Wearing Thom Browne Wearing Thom Browne Wearing Iris Van Herpen Wearing Versace Wearing Gucci Wearing Tory Burch Wearing Gucci Wearing Moschino Wearing Versace Wearing Gucci Wearing Gucci Wearing Saint Laurent Wearing Burberry Wearing AREA Wearing Burberry Wearing Burberry Wearing Chanel Wearing Schiaparelli Wearing Michael Kors Wearing Moschino Wearing Moschino Wearing Prabal Gurung Wearing Michael Kors Wearing Moschino Wearing Moschino Wearing Christian Siriano Wearing Head Of State Wearing Carolina Herrera Wearing Moschino Wearing Gucci Wearing Richard Quinn Wearing Miss Sohee Wearing Gucci Wearing Oscar De La Renta Wearing Ralph Lauren Wearing Oscar de la Renta Wearing Paco Rabanne Wearing Iris van Herpen Wearing Jonathan Simkhai Wearing Iris van Herpen Wearing Lanvin Wearing Versace Wearing Schiaparelli Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Miss Sohee Wearing Coach Wearing Joseph Altuzarra Wearing Ralph Lauren Wearing Altuzarra Wearing Christian Siriano Wearing Valentino Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Tom Ford Wearing Christopher John Rogers Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Victor Glemaud Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Valentino Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Louis Vuitton, specially created by Nicolas Ghesquière for her wedding reception. Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Louis Vuitton Wearing Prabal Gurung Wearing Prabal Gurung Wearing Prabal Gurung Wearing Chloé Wearing Prabal Gurung Wearing Head Of State Wearing Tommy Hilfiger Wearing Prabal Gurung Wearing Peter Do Wearing Miu Miu and Cartier Wearing Tom Ford Wearing Ralph Lauren Wearing Ami Wearing Alexander McQueen Wearing Prada Wearing Christopher Kane Wearing Versace Wearing Chanel Wearing Louis Vuitton and Cartier jewels Wearing Moschino. Wearing LaQuan Smith Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Opulent golden homeware inspired by the 2022 Met Gala theme, Gilded Glamour MORE : Olivia Rodrigo stuns in cheeky chainmail dress in New York ahead of rumoured Met Gala appearance MORE : What is Gilded Age beauty? These are the best products to create the look