The Talk’s Sharon Osbourne has revealed she has now tested positive for Covid following her husband Ozzy Osbourne’s diagnosis. The 69-year-old television personality was forced to leave her new TalkTV show last week as she flew back to the US to care for her other half, Black Sabbath star Ozzy, after he contracted the virus. And, in a string of unfortunate events, Sharon is now also testing positive. She broke the news of her positive case as she shared an update on her partner Ozzy, 73, who also has Parkinson’s disease. ‘He’s doing much better,’ she told her co-star Jeremy Kyle on Monday’s episode of The Talk via a live video link. ‘His temperature is now back to normal, his coughing has stopped. He’s doing much better.’ ‘Was it just an overreaction from the man?’ Jeremy asked. ‘A little bit,’ Sharon replied, before adding that she has contracted the virus. ‘My daughter Kelly has it, and I have it, and the entire household has it,’ she said, adding that she ‘feels okay’. Sharon is currently back at the family home in Los Angeles with her husband and will be appearing on The Talk remotely for the time being. Last week, she expressed her concern for Ozzy’s health, saying: ‘I am very worried about Ozzy right now. ‘We’ve gone two years without him catching Covid and it’s just Ozzy’s luck it would be now.’ She added: ‘I can’t believe my luck. I’m missing the show and I’ve only been there three days. I can’t believe it. Three days and I’m missing the show but I will be back. I know I will. ‘It will take me a week to get my old man back on his feet again and I will be back.’ This isn’t the first time Sharon has contracted the virus. The former X Factor judge revealed in December 2020 that she had tested positive for Covid and had been briefly admitted to hospital. The Talk airs weeknights at 9pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 