At the best of times, dreams are a muddled mess. Sometimes random, often confusing, it can be easy to think that they have no meaning in life. However, one psychic says that your dreams can actually say a lot about your personality. Psychic medium ElectraSoul dished out her insights on TikTok by focusing on reoccurring dreams that leave you confused and saying ‘what the hell does this mean?’ She also added that while not all dreams will have a spiritual meaning, there are many that do. An extremely common dream, falling can leave you feeling uneasy when you wake. ElectraSoul says it’s also a sign that you need to make better decisions. ‘This signifies that you need to be stronger about your decision making, like make a choice and stick with it,’ she explains. ‘You need to be able to face your fear when it comes to what decision you’re trying to make here because it’s going to change your life but you also got to support it. ‘Do not be afraid of it, you’re going to be okay.’ Meanwhile, it can also be a sign that you are losing control of your life. ‘This signifies that there is something inside of you, that you may not even know about, that you need to confront,’ she says. ‘You need to be looking deep inside yourself, find the things that you know you need to deal with, and deal with them.’ Being chased can also be a sign that you will overcome a rival. ‘So if there’s someone in your life that is evil-eyeing the f*ck out of you then just know you are going to win that battle,’ she adds. Having a dream that your teeth are falling out can signal anxiety. You may have a situation in life that you are finding difficult to handle. This can cause you to feel like you have no control or that you are weak. These dreams can also represent insecurity, loss of confidence and stress. Certainly not the nicest dream to have, ElectraSoul says this dream is a not a sign of reality. ‘You do not value yourself, you do not feel like you’re important and you do not feel like people see value in you,’ she says of its relevance. ‘You really just have to stop being so hard on yourself, you are just as special as anybody else… stop treating yourself poorly, stop treating yourself like you’re nothing. ‘If you want this dream to stop then take back control and stop being afraid.’ When judging this dream, the psychic says: ‘You are being held back from being the person you are supposed to become. ‘You need to step into this and stop being afraid of it.’ It can also be a sign that you are holding yourself back from a goal or dream. She suggests to ‘free yourself from your own anxieties.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : When do babies start sleeping through the night? MORE : Can CBD really help you sleep better? MORE : 13 practical steps you can take right now to improve your sleep