After more than a month of testimony, the jury has started deliberating in Johnny Depp’s bombshell defamation case against Amber Heard. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, is suing his ex-wife, 36, for defamation over an article she wrote in 2018, in the Washington Post, discussing her experience with domestic abuse. Following several weeks of emotional scenes, lawyers for both parties presented their closing arguments on day 24, with the jury beginning their deliberations. It is not known when they will return with a decision. The trial began on April 11 and has seen the former couple take to the stand, alongside witnesses including Kate Moss, Heard’s sister Whitney, and Depp’s former bodyguard. At the beginning of the proceedings, the court heard the Edward Scissorhands star insist that he had never struck a woman in his life. He returned to the stand this week and alleged that the Aquaman actress had attacked him while on their honeymoon, in 2015. His lawyer asked what it had been like to listen to her testimony, given earlier this month, to which he said: ‘It’s insane to hear heinous accusations of violence, sexual violence, that she has attributed to me, that she has accused me of. ‘I don’t think anyone enjoys having to split themselves open and tell the truth but there are times when one simply has to because it’s got out of control. ‘Horrible. Ridiculous. Humiliating. Ludicrous. Painful. Savage. Unimaginably brutal. Cruel and all false. All false. ‘No human being is perfect, none of us. But I have never in my life committed sexual battery, physical abuse, all these outlandish, outrageous stories of me committing these things and living with it for six years, and waiting to be able to bring the truth out. ‘This is not easy for any of us, I know that, but no matter what happens. I did get here and I did tell the truth and I have spoken up for what I’ve been carrying on my back, reluctantly, for six years.’ Heard later broke down in tears over the impact the proceedings had had on her, taking to the stand once again on Thursday. While on the stand, she claimed that fans had threatened her life and directed comments towards her baby daughter. ‘I am harassed, humiliated, threatened, every single day. Even just walking into this courtroom,’ she told the jury. ‘Sitting here in front of the world, having the worst parts of my life, things that I have lived through, used to humiliate me. ‘People want to kill me and they tell me so every single day. People want to put my baby in the microwave, and they tell me that. ‘I receive hundreds of death threats regularly, if not daily. Thousands since this trial started.’ ‘I am not sitting in this courtroom snickering. I’m not sitting in this courtroom laughing, smiling, making snide jokes. I’m not,’ she added. ‘This is horrible. This is painful. And this is humiliating for any human being to go through. ‘Perhaps it’s easy to forget that I am a human being. ‘It has been agonizing, painful, and the most humiliating thing I have ever had to go through. ‘I just want Johnny to leave me alone. I just want him to leave me alone. I’ve said that for years now.’ Depp is seeking $50million in damages over an article she wrote in the Washington Post, titled: ‘I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change’. While his name was not mentioned in it, his lawyers have said that this implies Heard was subjected to abuse during their marriage – something he has denied. Heard is countersuing for $100million, alleging that he libeled her by calling her a liar. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Andre addresses ‘elephant in the room’ after Rebekah Vardy chipolata-gate: ‘We all say stupid things’ MORE : Love Island contestants will receive inclusion training around disability, sexuality and race before new series 