Tom Watson believes the Saudi-backed LIV Golf Invitational Series will damage the game of golf but has cast doubt on the new tour’s long-term success. The eight-time major winner is now one of golf’s legends but, over 40 years ago, Watson could have been part of a breakaway tour which was being launched by Mark McCormack, the founder of the well-known sports agency IMG. Greg Norman. the two-time Open champion, is fronting golf’s latest attempt to form a new tour to rival the PGA and DP World Tours and is trying to tempt elite players to join LIV Golf with huge signing-on fees. The likes of Lee Westwood and Phil Mickelson, who will not be defending his US PGA Championship this week, have requested releases to play in Norman’s first event at the Centurion Club in St Albans next month but have been refused permission by the PGA Tour. Players who feature on the breakaway circuit risk being issued with a lifetime ban from the PGA Tour and Watson, 72, thinks golfers will listen to the warning as they want to play in the game’s historical championships. ‘I was approached by Mark McCormack in the late 1970s to break away,’ he told Metro.co.uk. ‘I turned to Mark and said, “This would destroy the tour.” It was based on money. ‘It wouldn’t be healthy for golf. It’s the same thing today. It would damage the game hugely. I don’t think it will happen because the top players want to play in the best tournaments.’ With LIV Golf’s opening event set to boast a purse of $25 million – the biggest in the sport – the temptation to sign up is there for all to see. However, it is easy to forget the riches modern golfers already play for on the regular tours. In 1974, when Watson secured his first victory at the Western Open in Illinois, the American picked up a winner’s cheque of $40,000, with the most lucrative tournament that year on the PGA Tour being the World Open Golf Championship with a top prize of $60,000. Compare those figures to today and the difference is stark. When Cameron Smith won the Players Championship at Sawgrass in May, the Aussie banked a mammoth $3.6 million, the biggest prize for a single tournament on the PGA Tour this season. Meanwhile, the winner of the season-ending points list competition – the FedEx Cup – will collect a cheque for $18 million in August. Watson is thankful for the money he won in his era and thinks golfers today should be too. He added: ‘What money I won I was eternally grateful for. I played a game for a living. When I won my first tournament I got $40,000. That was an enormous amount of money and still is today.’ After the tour’s inaugural event in St Albans next month, LIV Golf has seven other tournaments scheduled which will take place across the United States and Asia later this year. MORE : Phil Mickelson’s comments ‘hurt’ my Saudi-backed tour, says Greg Norman MORE : ‘Nobody has done more’ – Jon Rahm defends Phil Mickelson’s impact on golf amid Saudi tour criticism For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 