A country manor has gone on the market – but what’s special about this listing is this is first time it’s been available to buy in 400 years. The historic building is going for £625,000 and is Grade II listed. Unthank Hall is one of the oldest L-shaped manor houses in northern England,  sitting on a medieval site surrounded by outstanding natural beauty in County Durham. The grand property is set in 1.8 acres of grounds and has two spacious stone-walled garden paddocks, a flagstone yard and a formal garden around the house. You won’t be short of space here. Records of the house date back to the 12th century, and by the end of the 16th century it was a high-status Elizabethan mansion. Even today, the property still retains interesting period features dating back to the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries, such as a Tudor-arched fireplace, mullioned windows, flagstone floors, exposed beams and wall panelling. It has been restored in places, as after the 18th century the home was in decline. The six-bedroom estate was acquired in 1635 by the Westgarth family until the beginning of the 19th century. They then passed it down to the Hildyard family, but various other people lived in the space during that time as tenants. The house has 4,450 sq ft of interior space spread over three floors and on the ground floor features a kitchen and breakfast room, sitting room, drawing room, family room, utility room and store room. The first floor has four double bedrooms and two bathrooms, and there’s an attic with two more bedrooms. The stunning home is on the outskirts of countryside village Stanhope, near the River Wear. Jason Roberts, from estate agents Strutt & Parker, said: ‘Unthank Hall is a stunning building within the North of England with a rich and extensive history – offering the pinnacle of a country lifestyle on a smaller scale. ‘Exposed beams and wall panelling are timeless reminders of the history built within the house ‘It has all the charm and character you’d expect but also brings an exciting opportunity for the new owners to make it their own. ‘Since the pandemic, it is no secret that these sorts of country homes have grown in appeal, offering that slower pace of life while still being well connected. ‘There is truly no better place that offers all that than in this patch of beautiful countryside in Country Durham.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A house that’s literally hanging off a ledge is on the market for $200,000 MORE : House with its very own cave in the basement goes on sale for $297,000 MORE : Off-grid ‘Earthship’ house on sale for £2.7million and it’s almost entirely self-sufficient