Comedian Peter Kay is reportedly getting set to make the comeback of a lifetime with a massive UK comedy tour. The comedian, 48, has been quiet since 2017, when he cancelled his planned 14-month, 100-show standup tour due to ‘unforeseen family circumstances’. Last year, Peter hosted a Dance For Life danceathon with all money raised going to Cancer Research, however he has not performed a proper stand-up tour for over a decade. There had been hints the comedian was planning something big, as he made a rare public appearance at the Ivor Novello Awards in May. (Less subtle was his friend, fellow comedian Jason Manford, straight-out telling people Peter was going on tour soon.) Now it appears the news may have been confirmed, as a source allegedly told The Sun the comedian is planning a massive arena tour – and it’s expected to be a total sell-out. A source said: ‘He has lined up huge venues across the country including in Manchester, London and Birmingham and is hoping to announce it in September.’ They added: ‘Peter has not performed a live stand-up set on a big stage in well over a decade now but he could not be more ready to get back out there.’ The new rumours comes weeks after comedian Jason told a Dublin radio station he believes Peter will be ‘back to himself soon doing stand-up, so keep your eye out for his tour.’ Peter is also, clearly, as funny as ever, with crowds at his Manchester Danceathon seen in stitches as Peter joked about dancing at weddings. Peter had been set to tour in 2018 but cancelled his sold-out Live Arena Tour, saying he ‘deeply regrets’ doing so. The star never went into detail about what led to the cancellation of his last planned tour, but reminded disappointed fans that family ‘must always come first.’ ‘My apologies,’ he wrote. ‘I’m sure you’ll understand that my family must always come first.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Peter for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Kay makes rare public appearance  at Ivor Novello Awards amid rumours of new stand-up tour MORE : Jason Manford tells fans to ‘keep an eye out’ for Peter Kay stand-up tour news 