Looking to book a summer holiday but want to stay within budget? With the cost of living crisis continuing, it’s understandable that many Brits will be keeping a close eye on their financials. This issue will also determine the destinations people will want to visit over the coming months. Not only will we be keeping an eye on rising costs here, we will be evaluating other countries too. To help you on your final travel decision, airliner Wizz Air has put together a list of the cheapest countries to visit based on the current cost of living. To determine the inclusions, Wizz Air looked at daily rent, a pint of beer, bottled water, a typical dinner, and short taxi rides. It has calculated the average cost of living per day in each country and ways in which to save up to £100 at each. Below are the top five destinations. The average rent in Paphos is €381.81 per month. Property in Paphos is notoriously inexpensive to both purchase and rent. Cost of living in the UK is 56.8% more expensive than Cyprus, while the average pint of local beer in Paphos is €2.50. Water is 0.66c, dinner €20 per person and the average taxi holds a base rate of €3.42 with an additional 0.77c per kilometre. To save even more money when visiting Paphos, stay away from accommodation in city centres, many locals even rent out their rooms to tourists. Currently, flights from Gatwick, Luton, Cardiff or Doncaster are as low as €49.99, meaning Paphos is an affordable island getaway. The average cost of living in Spain is 18.2% cheaper than that of the UK. It’s estimated that 300,000 Brits have now retired there. Estepona, east of Marbella and Los Monteros, has some of the most affordable accommodation in the Costa Del Sol. Not surprisingly, the beachside properties hold the highest value, as do those within walking distance to amenities. Although rental prices in the Costa Del Sol are more expensive than that of Costa Blanca, the destination is always in high demand. The average rental price in the Costa del Sol is €600, however, if you move away from central areas, the cost can fall to €400. Although the Costa Del Sol may not be the cheapest with regards to property, everyday living is incredibly inexpensive. The average pint of home beer in the Costa Del Sol is €1.75, 1.5 litre of water is 0.69c dinner is €21 per person, and the average taxi holds a base rate of €3.96 and €1.20 per kilometre thereafter. Flights to Malaga start at just £26 return. To save even more money on flights, avoid peak times. Mallorca may not be the cheapest destination to rent however, it still comes out at 18.2% cheaper than the UK with regards to cost of living. The average rent in Mallorca is €750. A pint of domesticated beer is €2.50, water 0.49c, dinner €19 per person and a taxi ride holds a base rate of €3.25 and is 0.47c per km. Flights to Mallorca begin at just £26. Average rent price in Portugal 42.66% cheaper than the UK. The average rental cost in central Algarve is €1058. However, this can fall by up to €200 if the property is away from central ‘hot spot’ locations.  The average pint of beer is €1.75, water 0.49c, dinner €15.70 per person and a taxi holds a base price of €3.30 with a €2 per kilometre. Flights to the Algarve begin at just £87. Santorini is a tourist hotspot and for this reason it can be expensive. However, staying in areas such as Perissa over Oia can save you hundreds of pounds. Rent in Santorini starts at just €350, water is €1, dinner €22.50 per person when away from the tourist hot spots and the average taxi ride is €35. Flights to Greece begin at £111 return. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman travels the world looking after other people’s pets MORE : Expert tips for solo female travellers MORE : Why the Maldives is the ultimate bucket list destination (and not just for couples)