Nicki Minaj had a bit of a ‘mare at the Met Gala 2022 with her dress threatening to slip down and reveal all on the red carpet. The Starships rapper graced the star-studded event with her presence on Monday night, despite initially turning down the invitation to attend because she was unvaccinated. Nicki, 39, certainly made a grand arrival donning a strapless black ball gown, designed by Burberry’s Ricardo Tisci, which came complete with feathers and was teamed with leather trousers and a trendy baseball cap. However, the rapper was forced to pose strategically with one arm across her chest as the large dress kept slipping down. Addressing the wardrobe malfunction on the red carpet, Nicki told Lala Anthony who was hosting for Vogue: ‘The only unplanned thing about my look is that my boobs [are] popping out. Because they made my cup size a little small.’ When Lala joked that the dress was created before Nicki welcomed her first child in September 2020, the musician replied: ‘Enjoy these titties, because you won’t ever see them again.’ Nonetheless, Nicki was loving her look and had nothing but praise for designer Tisci, saying: ‘I’m here with my baby, Ricardo. I love Ricardo, that’s really my friend. So I’m here supporting him, that’s all. But I love the hat. ‘I’m obsessed with the hat. I didn’t wanna do the look if I couldn’t do the hat. So, he let me wear the hat.’ Elsewhere on the red carpet, Nicki appeared to confront someone who had apparently leaked the news that she would be attending this year’s event. In an awkward moment as she walked up the steps, the rapper pointed to someone behind the camera and said: ‘Are you the man that leaked that I was gonna be here? Yeah, you. It was you. I’m about to come up to you and slap the s**t out of you.’ She then walked off with security guiding her up the steps but it’s not known if Nicki was joking with the man. Last year, Nicki announced she would not be attending the lavish event over the Covid vaccine, but clearly had a change of heart. She tweeted: ‘They want you to get vaccinated for the Met. If I get vaccinated it won’t [be] for the Met. It’ll be once I feel I’ve done enough research. I’m working on that now. In the meantime my loves, be safe. ‘Wear the mask with two strings that grips your head & face. Not that loose one.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Met Gala 2022: Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker pack on PDA in matching skirt and kilt look MORE : Pete Davidson giddy as he leaves hotel with Kim Kardashian after attending first Met Gala together 