A teenager has been charged with the murder of a promising student on his way home from a school prom. Patrick Sharp, 18, is accused of killing Kajetan Migdal, also 18, who died in hospital from his injuries. Kajetan was allegedly attacked by him on in Cuttys Lane in Stevenage at about 11.20pm on Friday after his Year 13 leavers’ event. Sharp has also been charged with possession of an offensive weapon and possession of Class A drugs. The teenager appeared at St Albans Magistrates’ Court today and remains in custody until his next appearance at Luton Crown Court on Wednesday. Hertfordshire Police said Kajetan sustained serious injuries and died in hospital in the early hours of Saturday. His family said they were ‘devastated’ by their loss. ‘Kajetan was a loving, joy-filled young man with a bright future. He was known for his love of dance, animals, hard work and caring friendships,’ they said. ‘As a high achiever academically and in his hobbies, he was set for big things. He had just finished school and had his life to look forward to. The entire family is devastated at the loss of a much-loved family member, and he will be greatly missed by all who knew him.’ Clive Mathew, headteacher of St John Henry Newman Catholic School, said: ‘Kajetan was a much-loved member of the school community, who had been looking forward to a gap year before further study. ‘He was a continual source of pride for the school and was well known for his love of dance. He was a member of Prospects Fraternity, the dance troupe that captured the heart of the school and the nation in doing so well in the BBC’s The Greatest Dancer show in 2019.’ On Saturday, the school opened its chapel to mourners who left dozens of bouquets of flowers. Detective Inspector Justine Jenkins, from the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire major crime unit, said: ‘Our thoughts remain with Kajetan’s family and friends at this extremely difficult time. ‘Specialist officers are continuing to provide support to his family and we once again ask that their privacy is respected.’ She appealed for information and urged anyone who may be able to help to get in touch. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.