Peter Andre is reportedly fuming after his children asked him about Rebekah Vardy’s ‘chipolata’ comment. The Mysterious Girl singer spoke out last week following Vardy’s comments in court when she was questioned about an interview she gave to the News Of The World in 2004. Barrister David Sherborne showed what appeared to be an A3 print-out of the article to Vardy before reading the headline: ‘Peter’s hung like a small chipolata, shaved, slobbery, lasts five minutes.’ Andre has already responded publicly after Vardy – who is suing former friend Coleen Rooney for libel after she claimed in 2019 that Vardy leaked stories about her to the press – said she did not say many things presented in the article published. An insider told OK! magazine: ‘Pete is livid. This whole thing has been really hard on him and the family, but it’s made him think about the wider story and that is that other people shouldn’t be allowed to talk about others in this way. ‘It’s so discriminating to say this about a man, this would not be said about a woman. His children have been asking what the story is about, which is really difficult. ‘He has no recollection of meeting this person, never mind anything else.’ The Australian star – who has kids Amelia, eight, and Theo, give, with wife Emily and Junior, 16, and Princess, 14, with ex-wife Katie Price – is said to have felt blindsided. The source added: ‘Pete wasn’t told his name would be mentioned in a major court case and he feels it’s totally wrong. ‘This story has been regurgitated for 15 years and he’s been biting his lip for 15 years. For someone else to talk about personal parts of his body is upsetting for him and his family. ‘He’s got children that go to school and can hear all of this. It shouldn’t be allowed for someone to do this to another person. Thank God she’s admitted it’s a made up story.’ Andre voiced his upset after the comments about his body were repeatedly brought up for 15 years, and he questioned how people can claim to care about ‘mental health’ and ‘being kind’ when he’s been ‘the butt of all jokes’ for such a long time. ‘I kept quiet didn’t say anything, and I let everyone have their laugh and say what they wanted to say. Yes, now she’s gone to court and admitted the story was made up and did that because her ex husband forced her to, and it was all made up,’ he shared on Instagram, referring to how Vardy said she was ‘forced into a situation’ by her ex in talking to the press. ‘It is something that I deeply regret… It is not nice to read and I understand why this is being used,’ she also said in court. Andre continued in his video: ‘Put that all aside and think how it feels if a man or if I had said this about her anatomy or if a man said something about a woman’s anatomy, made up something whatever, you can use your imagination about saying something very unflattering, there would be outrage. But because it’s been said about me, it’s been the butt of all jokes, I’ve taken it for 15 years.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted representatives for Peter Andre for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Not even a massive pay check could make Peter Andre do I’m A Celeb again: ‘I wouldn’t go back in the jungle’ MORE : Rebekah Vardy sent Peter Andre ‘personal message’ after ‘chipolata’ comment: ‘I’m deeply sorry’ 