Amber Heard has told the court her role in Aquaman 2 was ‘pared-down’ amid her legal battle with ex-husband Johnny Depp. The actress appeared in the witness box for another day during the lengthy trial in Virginia, United States, after Depp sued her for libel over a 2018 article she wrote in The Washington Post which his lawyers say falsely implies he physically and sexually abused her while they were together. The actor has denied all accusations, with the trial beginning on April 11 in Fairfax, Virginia, and, following a short break, resuming yesterday. Heard is countersuing for $100million (£81.2m), alleging that he libeled her by calling her a liar. Heard continued her testimony and was asked about her role as Mera in Aquaman, alleging Warner Bros ‘didn’t want to include me’. It comes after a petition calling for the actress to be removed from the DC sequel – which also stars Jason Momoa as the titular action hero – garnered more than 4million signatures. She told the court on Monday: ‘I had to fight to, I fought really hard to stay in the movie, they didn’t want to include me in the film.’ Asked whether she was able to film for the role, she replied: ‘A very pared-down version of that role, yes.’ She went on to explain: ‘They took away a lot…I was given a script and given new versions of the script that had taken away scenes that had action in it, that depicted my character and another character, without giving any spoilers away, two characters fighting with one another, they basically took a bunch out of my role. They just removed a bunch out.’ Heard also claimed she ‘couldn’t re-negotiate my contract’ when asked about her salary for the role. Elsewhere in the trial yesterday Heard was cross-examined and confirmed she is yet to pay the $7million (£5.6m) she pledged from her divorce settlement from Depp. This week she told the court that she has been unable to ‘because Johnny sued me for $50m (£40m) in March of 2019’. She added: ‘I fully intend to honour all of my pledges. I would love for him to stop suing me so I can.’ Earlier in the current libel case, Terence Dougherty, the ACLU’s Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel, said that so far only a total of $1.3m (£1m) has been donated either by Heard or on her behalf. Heard is said to have donated $350,000 (£282k) herself in December 2018 but has not paid any money since. Depp paid $100,000 (£80.5k) while another $350,000 came from a fund at Fidelity, an investment company. A further $500,000 (£403k) donation came from an account at investment firm Vanguard, which Dougherty said he ‘believed was a fund set up by Elon Musk’, who Heard dated following her divorce. The trial will end on Thursday, May 19, after six weeks of arguments – at which point a jury will deliberate and decide a verdict. MORE : Amber Heard reveals why Johnny Depp won’t look at her in court as cross-examination begins MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Amber Heard feared she would ‘literally not survive’ relationship as case continues Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.