The Duke of Cambridge praised footballer Jake Daniels for coming out as gay, saying that it was courageous and should ‘break down barriers’. Prince William tweeted that he hoped it would give other people the confidence to be open about their own sexuality. Yesterday, the 17-year-old Blackpool forward became the first male professional footballer in England to come out as gay in 32 years, in an interview with Sky. He made his senior debut for the club last month and decided it was the right time to speak publicly about his orientation. ‘Now is the right time to do it. I feel like I am ready to tell people my story. I want people to know the real me,’ he said. President of the FA William said today: ‘Football should be a game for everyone. ‘What Jake has done takes courage and will hopefully help break down barriers that have no place in our society. ‘I hope his decision to speak openly gives others the confidence to do the same.’ In the interview broadcast yesterday, Mr Daniels said: ‘I can’t really put a date on it, but I was probably five or six years old when I knew I was gay. So it’s been a long time that I have been living with the lie. ‘At that age you don’t really think that football and being gay doesn’t mix. You just think, one day, when I’m older I’ll get a girlfriend and I will change and it will be fine. ‘For a long time I’ve thought I would have to hide my truth because I wanted to be, and now I am, a professional footballer. I asked myself if I should wait until I’ve retired to come out. No other player in the professional game here is out. ‘However, I knew that would lead to a long time of lying and not being able to be myself or lead the life that I want to.’ Justin Fashanu became the first male British professional footballer to come out in 1990 before he took his own life eight years later at the age of 37. His niece Amal, who runs the Justin Fashanu Foundation, fighting homophobia and racism in football, said: ‘If my Uncle Justin were alive I know he would have been one of the first people to have contacted Jake to offer his support and best wishes. Justin’s wish was to create a society where people could simply be kinder to one another and where bigotry doesn’t exist. ‘Jake’s announcement will come as a huge comfort to the many footballers at all levels of the game – from grass roots to the professional leagues – still secretly living as gay and who still feel unable to come out. ‘The sad reality is there is still a lot of homophobia in the game, at all levels. Until the authorities take firm and more decisive action I am concerned many players will continue to live in secret, wrongly believing they have something to be ashamed of. ‘Homophobia in the game needs to be treated with the zero tolerance approach racism rightly receives. Only then may we see more players, like Jake, willing to step out of the shadows – and live the life they truly wish to.’ There are currently no other male players currently playing pro football in the UK who have come out as gay. Blackpool FC said: ‘Blackpool Football Club has worked closely with Stonewall and the relevant footballing organisations to support Jake and is incredibly proud that he has reached a stage where he is empowered to express himself both on-and-off the pitch. ‘It is vital that we all promote an environment where people feel comfortable to be themselves, and that football leads the way in removing any form of discrimination and prejudice.’ Former Aston Villa midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger and ex-Hull City youth player Thomas Beattie both revealed they were gay after they retired from football. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.