Britney Spears’ fiance Sam Asghari has thanked fans for their support after announcing the singer had suffered a miscarriage. The couple, who have been dating since 2016, were looking forward to a new chapter in their relationship after sharing the news they were expecting their first child together. However, they announced on Saturday that Britney, 40, had miscarried the baby. Sam, 28, has now shared an update with fans and revealed that they still plan on having a child. In his Instagram stories on Monday night, the fitness trainer and model said: ‘We have felt your support. We are taking things positively and moving forward with our future. It’s hard but we are not alone. ‘Thank you for respecting our privacy. We will be expanding our family soon.’ It comes after Britney shared the heartbreaking news about her pregnancy, explaining in a statement: ‘It is with our deepest sadness we have to announce that we have lost our miracle baby early in the pregnancy. ‘This is a devastating time for any parent. Perhaps we should have waited to announce until we were further along however we were overly excited to share the good news. ‘Our love for each is our strength. We will continue trying to expand our beautiful family. We are grateful for your support. We kindly ask for privacy at this difficult moment. ‘We are grateful for what we have in the process of expanding our beautiful family. Thank you for your support.’ The Toxic singer, who already has two sons Sean Preston, 16, and Jayden, 15, with her ex-husband Kevin Federline, revealed in April that she was pregnant. Last night, Britney returned to Instagram for the first time and shared an insight into how she’s coping with the news. She shared a meme of Carrie Bradshaw from Sex and the City with smudged mascara after crying in the shower, and the caption: ‘I am not in the mood to be with a bunch of people.’ Britney wrote alongside the post: ‘Unfortunately my mood these days … I honestly hope it doesn’t turn into years.’ MORE : Joe Wicks discovers mother spent five months in rehab when he was 12 in powerful documentary scene MORE : Dan Walker’s most memorable BBC Breakfast moments as presenter says goodbye 