A woman who left her dog to die in a cage while she jetted off on holiday for two weeks has been spared jail. Jade Roberts, 26, claimed she thought a friend was looking after the brindle and white Staffordshire bull terrier, named Daisy, while she was away at the start of August last year. RSPCA officers found the animal lying dead in her own mess next to an empty water bowl when they attended Roberts’ filthy flat in Liverpool after receiving a call with a concern for the dog’s welfare. Daisy had last been alive on July 31, 2021, when Roberts went on holiday for 14 days. RSPCA Inspector Leanne Cragg said: ‘On entering the property I was hit by an overpowering stench of decomposing flesh. There were a lot of live flies flying about the property. ‘I could see a dead, decomposing brindle and white Staffordshire bull terrier type dog at one end of a large cage in the front room. The base of the cage was covered in a layer of old faeces. ‘At the front of the cage there was a turquoise plastic bowl upside down, a metal bowl of dried food and another metal bowl which was empty. ‘The property was messy and dirty with clothes and rubbish strewn all over the furniture and floor. ‘I removed Daisy from the cage, and I could see that her body was very badly decomposed, with her eyes missing There were holes straight through her body and there were a lot of maggots of varying sizes.’ Roberts pleaded guilty to causing unnecessary suffering to an animal by leaving Daisy unattended without sufficient food and water resulting in her death. She claimed she was unaware Daisy was not being cared for as she had arranged for an undisclosed friend to look after Daisy whilst she was away and expressed genuine remorse for Daisy’s death. Her lawyer said she was also dealing with personal issues at the time. Roberts was handed a 12-week prison sentence, suspended for 12 months, and ordered to complete a 20-day rehabilitation activity requirement and six-month mental health treatment requirement. She was further banned from keeping animals for 10 years and ordered to pay £500 costs along with a £128 surcharge. Following sentencing, Inspector Cragg added: ‘It was a very sad sight and one which could easily have been avoided.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.