The bumper bank holiday is just around the corner. If you’re hosting people for the royal event, you might be on the hunt for a quintessentially British spread that Her Majesty would approve of. Or, if you’re heading out to a picnic or BBQ, maybe you’re looking to bring some treats fit for the occasion. Thankfully, there are a whole host of Jubilee-themed goodies to feast on – with something for everyone. We’ve rounded up some of our top picks, from sweet treats to alcoholic drinks. So you can fill your fridge with everything you could possibly need for the bank holiday. Asda is really going all out for the Jubilee celebrations, with an eclectic party food offering. Mini crown chicken pastry crowns for £2, crown gingerbread biscuits (at 60p each) and nine Jubilee cupcakes for £4 are just a few things you can pick up in stores. If you’re looking for some lovely cakes for the occasion, Morrisons could be the place to head to. They’ve renamed their classic Victoria Sponge to an Elizabeth Sponge – to pay tribute to the Queen. They also have a novelty Corgi cake, named Clarence, for just £6. M&S has also given its classic caterpillar cakes a makeover, with a Queen and Corgi cake duo available ahead of the Jubilee for £10. They also have some Corgi mousse cakes on offer for £6. Elsewhere, customers can pick up all-butter shortbreads in a limited edition Jubilee tin for £5, as well as a Platinum Jubilee Ale at £3 for 660ml. Raise a glass to Her Majesty’s 70 years on the throne, with Aldi’s Queen Jubilee Bellini – priced at £2.49 per bottle. Brits love a pork pie and Waitrose have given theirs a regal twist for the occasion — alongside their fairy cakes The Jubilee pork pies are £3, while the Jubilee fairy cakes cost £6 (for six). Two of the nation’s favourite condiments have received a royal makeover for the celebration. Heinz Salad Cream and HP have been renamed ‘HM Sauce’ and ‘Heinz Salad Queen’ – and they’re available on supermarket shelves now. If you’re looking for a centrepiece for your event, Lola’s Cupcakes has whipped up a Jubilee layer cake for £22.50. Choose from either a double chocolate sponge with chocolate buttercream filling or vanilla sponge with a fresh raspberry compote. As for the topping, it’s made of vanilla buttercream and decorated with gold, sprinkles, golden chocolate crowns and gold dust. They also have a Jubilee cupcake selection box in red, white and blue buttercream, for £19.80. Another exceptional Jubilee cake is the one from The Hummingbird Bakery, which is a Red Velvet sponge with a cream cheese frosting –  for £37.95. It’s topped with an edible platinum Queen’s head, surrounded by a gold wreath. For anyone with a sweet tooth, three new Krispy Kreme doughnuts are on offer for the Jubilee. First up, is the Celebration Crown (£2.45) cherry cream doughnut, with a Union Flag plaque. Then there’s the Platinum Sprinkles (£2.05) doughnut, which is dipped in red icing and topped with white, blue and red jubilee sprinkles. And finally, the Jubilee Joy (£2.45) doughnut, stuffed with a strawberries and cream filling and featuring a Jubilee emblem. If you’re off on a picnic – don’t forget your hamper. Social Supermarket have a number of different ones on offer, including a tea and biscuits one for £101. Inside, you’ll find herbal, fruit and classic teas, as well as various preserves and jams. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can enjoy an afternoon tea on a boat to Hampton Court Palace with a personal butler for the Jubilee MORE : Best Platinum Jubilee merchandise and where to buy MORE : A three-year-old is touring care homes dressed as a ‘mini Queen’ ahead of the Jubilee