Brits are getting an exciting four-day weekend to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee, with events and special occasions running from Thursday 2 June to Sunday 5 June. While the nation celebrates the Queen’s historic 70 years on the throne, you might be making plans to go here, there and everywhere to really make the most of such a long weekend. Here’s what you need to know about travelling over the Platinum Jubilee Bank Holiday, including any changes to London tubes and national rail… TFL have confirmed that all of their Tube and rail services will be running as usual over the Jubilee bank holiday weekend. They do advise that the busiest times will be on Saturday night following the end of the BBC concert and other events, and Sunday daytime so travellers can expect large crowds at stations, especially at the likes of Bond Street, Green Park and King’s Cross St Pancras. If stations get overcrowded, short-term safety measures, such as one-way systems or temporarily closing stations, could come into effect. Tube strikes at Euston and Green Park were rumoured to happen over the weekend, but have now been called off. However, there could still be strike action on Monday June 6 as people return to work following the bank holiday as members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) union amid growing disputes with Transport for London (TfL). Most TFL buses in London will be running normally throughout the bank holiday weekend. Similarly, most other bus companies will run, though some may be operating reduced services. FirstGroup routes will operate a Sunday service on Thursday 2 and Friday 3 June. Arriva advises customers to check their specific regions and routes, as any changes to routes can differ by location. Due to the nature of the weekend, large-scale events might mean cycle paths or public paths are closed off or diverted, making cycling trickier. Some places might also prohibit entry with a bike on the days of events. It’s advisable to check routes and location rules before setting off with your bike. Avoid driving in central London if possible. If your destination is not in central London, use routes that avoid the area. There will be road closures, and you are likely to be delayed. Regularly updated, the list of planned works and disruptions across all National Rail routes and services can be found for the following days here: MORE : Platinum Jubilee on TV: Everything you need to know from The Repair Shop special to live coverage MORE : Queen ‘might be too frail to appear on balcony for Platinum Jubilee’ Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below.