Fred Savage has been axed as a director and executive producer on the The Wonder Years reboot after allegations of misconduct were made against the actor. From 1988 to 1993, Savage, 45, starred on the original show as the lead character Kevin Arnold, a teenager growing up in a suburban middle class family in the late 1960s and early 1970s. A revival of the series premiered last year, following Elisha ‘EJ’ Williams as the protagonist Dean Williams. It has been reported that 20th Television, the producer of the programme, has launched an investigation after being made aware of complaints made against Savage. In a statement shared with Deadline, the company said: ‘Recently, we were made aware of allegations of inappropriate conduct by Fred Savage, and as is policy, an investigation was launched.’ The firm continued: ‘Upon its completion, the decision was made to terminate his employment as an executive producer and director of The Wonder Years.’ No further details about the complaints were disclosed. Savage directed several episodes in the first season of The Wonder Years reboot, which is currently still airing in the US. The most recent episode he directed came out in March this year. In 2018, it was reported that the actor – whose other roles include playing the grandson in The Princess Bride and in appearing in The Grinder, Crumbs and Friends from College – was accused of sexual harassment when he was 16 years old. His former co-star Alley Mills, who played his mother on The Wonder Years, claimed that the ‘completely ridiculous’ lawsuit forced the show to be cancelled after six seasons. Speaking to Yahoo, she said: ‘When we shot the series finale, nobody knew whether or not The Wonder Years was going to be renewed, and that’s because of a completely ridiculous sexual harassment suit that was going on against Fred Savage.’ She also dubbed him ‘the least offensive, most wonderful, sweet human being that ever walked the face of the Earth’ at the time. Savage recently appeared in an episode of The Afterparty, a murder mystery comedy TV series that premiered on Apple TV Plus in January. Metro.co.uk has contacted Savage’s representatives for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Selling Sunset star Chrishell Stause makes ‘closet’ joke after confirming romance with non-binary musician G Flip MORE : Gemma Collins updates on Rami Hawash’s eye after serious accident: ‘We still don’t know if he’s going to gain full sight’ 