A gran has won her fight to build a £400,000 eco-style farmhouse following a bitter two-year planning row with neighbours. June Titterton-Fox, 62, applied for planning permission to construct the three-bedroom home in 2020. She claimed the state-of-the-art ‘Field House’ in the idyllic village of Whitwell, Lincolnshire would be one of the most energy-efficient properties in the UK. But when the plans went public, a number of villagers objected to the project saying the ‘garish Hobbit house’ looked ‘like something from Teletubby Land’. Rutland County Council initially refused the application in February last year saying the development would be ‘visually intrusive and impact adversely on the form and character of the area’. But June, who is a county councillor, appealed and took the case to the Planning Inspectorate which has now given the build the go ahead. Dominic Young, a spokesman for the planning inspectorate said the council’s reason for refusing the application went against the advice outlined in planning guidelines. ‘The state of the art property has been carefully and sensitively designed to the most exacting environmental standards,’ he said. June said she was ‘delighted’ that her plans had finally been approved and hoped construction would be quicker than the gruelling application process. The farmer submitted plans for the eco-farmhoue after she and her husband decided they wanted to downsize from their current five-bedroom property in Whitwell. She described ‘Field House’ as ’21st Century farmhouse’, which would be dug into the landscape and have its own power and water supply with waste dealt with on-site. But around a dozen Whitwell residents lodged objections to the planning application claiming it would be a ‘blot on the landscape’. One neighbour, who did not wish to be named, said: ‘It is not befitting of the village to have a Telletubby-style Hobbit home becoming an eyesore on the landscape.’ A protest group, called ‘Whitwell Residents’, said they had instructed solicitors to fight the case and were concerned it would set a precedent. They wrote: ‘The proposed building would be a real blot on the landscape, and would be in full view from the Grade II* listed church in the village. ‘It would sit on raised land, overlooking several of the heritage assets of the village. ‘More widely, we feel that, if this application succeeds in receiving planning permission, it could open the floodgates for similar projects gaining approval, thereby diminishing the rural assets of the county.’ June previously said had been upset by the objections and felt as if she was being ‘intimidated’. The farmer, who has battled breast cancer and had two heart operations, said: ‘I don’t know why you’d object to something you can hardly see. ‘It’s all a bit hurtful when all we want to do is build one house for us to live in. ‘The house puts back into the environment more than it takes out. ‘We shouldn’t have to move out of the village we’ve lived in for 20 years just because we want to downsize.’ June started her farming dream in 2002, when she and her husband rented two fields near their home before later buying the land. Starting with sheep, she moved on to rearing rare-breed cattle and pigs, and now sells surplus meat from ‘June’s Farm’. She says living in ‘Field House’ would enable her to be closer to the animals, making the job of looking after them much easier. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.