Ricky Gervais had a cutting response when asked for his thoughts on Piers Morgan’s interview with a Taliban spokesman. On Tuesday evening, Morgan, 57, spoke to Suhail Shaheen, an official representative for the Taliban, on his TalkTV programme Piers Morgan Uncensored, with the broadcaster challenging the spokesman on girls’ rights to an education. Ahead of the interview, one person keen to know what Gervais, 60, thought about the upcoming conversation tweeted: ‘@rickygervais what do you think about @piersmorgan interviewing the taliban tonight?’, with the Twitter user adding that they found it ‘disgusting’. In response, the After Life star wrote: ‘I’ve lost all respect for them.’ Several people pointed out that Gervais’ tweet was a play on words, the implied joke being that the comedian was saying he’d ‘lost respect’ for the Taliban for speaking to Morgan. ‘Wow. Brilliant response sir. Perfection,’ one person tweeted, as another wrote: ‘You win the internet!’ On the launch night of Piers Morgan Uncensored, Gervais made an unexpected cameo on the programme, when the show aired a pre-recorded message from The Office co-creator. In his introduction, Morgan informed his viewers that he’d received messages of support from several people. In the clip sent by Gervais, he said: ‘The producers of Piers Morgan’s new show contacted me and asked me if I’d like to be a guest. I said, “Definitely not”.’ He continued: ‘They said would you mind doing a quick video wishing him luck?” I said, “Do I have to mean it?” They said “No”. I said “Good luck”.’ When the Taliban spokesman was talking on Piers Morgan Uncensored on the subject of girls’ education on Tuesday evening, the representative for the military organisation in Afghanistan claimed that the subject of secondary school education for girls was ‘under consideration’, alleging that they’d never said they were ‘banned’. ‘There’s nothing to talk about!’ Morgan exclaimed. ‘A girl should be entitled to go to school in Afghanistan the same way a boy goes to [school].’ This week, it was reported that Morgan’s viewing figures for Uncensored had dropped to just 59,000, falling behind Neil Farage’s GB News show. This marks a stark plummet since his launch programme, which garnered nearly 400,000 viewers who tuned in to watch his heated interview with Donald Trump. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ricky Gervais and 50 Cent lead reaction as Will Smith banned from Oscars for 10 years: ‘He’ll only do 6 with good behaviour’ MORE : Piers Morgan’s TalkTV show Uncensored down to just 59,000 viewers and beaten by Nigel Farage 