Brits can enjoy outdoor restaurants for years to come as al fresco dining is reportedly set to become law. Placing tables and chairs on the streets offered a much-needed lifeline to businesses during Covid lockdowns. The ‘pavement licences’ were initially seen as a temporary measure as 10,000 restaurants, bars and cafes closed. But now it’s thought that continental culture will be cemented under the Levelling Up and Regeneration Bill. The government has said it wants to ensure everyone can continue to benefit from al fresco dining. Delivering the Queen’s Speech for the first time today, Prince Charles said: ‘A bill will be brought forward to drive local growth, empowering local leaders to regenerate their areas, and ensuring everyone can share in the United Kingdom’s success. ‘The planning system will be reformed to give residents more involvement in local development.’ Firms will be invited to apply for al fresco licences under legislation, The Telegraph reports. Pubs will also be granted an extension to off-licences that allow them to sell takeaway pints and meals, it’s believed. The news has been named ‘a huge step forward’ for businesses that are still struggling to get back to normal months after the country fully opened. It’s estimated each outdoor seat could be a boost of up to £6,000-a-year. Around one out of every three restaurants, cafes and bars have the space to apply for a permanent license, it’s believed. Kate Nicholls, the chief executive of UK Hospitality, said it will ‘bring life back to high streets and towns’. ‘It is something that customers have really liked’, she added. The Local Government Association (LGA), which represents 350 councils in England and Wales, has supported the plan – but called for firmer powers to target venues that block pavements and break other rules. LGA bosses also want a applications to face a 28-day turnaround, rather than the current 14 days, to allow locals to offer opinions on potential disruptions. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.