Re-grouting is a common enough job, but, as with any DIY task, doing it for the first time can be daunting. When the time comes – and in all probability, it will – we want to be able to take it on with confidence. Thankfully, John Geraghty, tiling and bathroom expert at MyJobQuote, is on hand to talk us through it step-by-step… Safety first First, you’ll need to make sure the room you’re in is well ventilated. ‘Open a window to ventilate the room and wear a mask and goggles to protect yourself against the dust,’ says John. ‘Once you’ve removed the old grout, vacuum over and wipe down the tiled area to remove loose particles before applying new grout.’ He adds: ‘Many people are now getting stuck into DIY. And for small improvements and decorative work, it can save money. But very often, people forget to use the appropriate protective gear. ‘If you’re undertaking tasks such as sanding, sawing, and spray-painting, use an adequate grade of mask and remember to wear goggles- even in ventilated spaces. ‘Small particles can damage lungs and eyes, and there’s a wealth of hidden dangers that can lurk in old homes, such as lead paint.’ Remove the old grout Then, John says you need to remove as much of the old grout as you can ‘You can use a power tool such as a multi-tool with a blade to do it,’ he explains. ‘However, you’ll need a confident, steady hand not to accidentally chip or mark the tiles. So, using a grout rake is often best. ‘Use a protective sheet over the shower base to collect the debris and prevent scratches.’ Get to grouting Now it’s crunch time. John advises ‘Use a waterproof grout that’s suitable for bathrooms – a ready-mixed version is ideal if you’re only working on small sections at a time. ‘Use a grout spreader rather than a float to make working in a small shower area easier. ‘Remove the excess as you go, so you’re not having to remove hardened grout later.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : DIY expert reveals how to design a small bathroom like a pro MORE : DIY couple transform their conservatory for just £300 MORE : DIY couple transform their conservatory for just £300