Eight portraits of the Queen have been projected onto one of the country’s most iconic landmarks. The photographs visible on Stonehenge mark each decade of Elizabeth II’s reign since the 1950s and capture key moments from her time on the throne. The first captures the moment the Queen was at her coronation in 1953 when she was just 27. The second features her riding a horse in the 1960s and then another one shows her dressed in yellow during a trip to Mexico in 1975. In later years, another shows her walking her corgis in 1980 and others show her at the Royal Windsor Horse show in 2017 and in pink visiting King’s College. English Heritage, which organised the display, said: ‘We wanted to show different aspects of the Queen – of her personality, of her interests, and really show what a special lady she is. ‘We are here to pay tribute to the Queen on the occasion of her Platinum Jubilee. ‘English Heritage is projecting onto the stones at Stonehenge a beautiful image – one from every decade of her reign.’ Stonehenge is one of the UK’s most iconic landmarks dating back to the year 2500 BC. The display is just one of the many ways the UK is coming together to mark Her Majesty’s 70-year reign on the throne. Official celebrations will be held in London – but communities, people and organisations will be coming together to mark the special occasion. Marble Arch in London was also graced with six portraits of the Queen after partnering up with the National Portrait Gallery. They include a portrait done of the Queen shortly after she acceded to the throne in 1952 and Pietro Annigoni’s 1969 painting of the monarch in robes. A 1985 portrait shows her with one of her much-loved corgi’s and a 2014 David Bailey photo of the Queen celebrated her 88th birthday just before becoming Britain’s longest-reigning monarch. English Heritage manages the Stonehenge site and the landmark is owned by the Crown with the National Trust owning the surrounding land. This isn’t the first time the landmark has been lit up. In 2020, photos were imposed on to the monument to celebrate eight ‘unsung champions of heritage’ who continued working on community, heritage and arts projects during the Covid crisis. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.