Halsey has defended a woman’s right to choose and encouraged her followers to take urgent action against the US Supreme Court’s plan to overturn abortion rights in an impassioned statement on Twitter. The 27-year-old singer was responding to the leak of a Supreme Court draft opinion that stipulated the high court will overturn abortion rights guaranteed under the 1973 Roe v Wade ruling, which has lead to widespread criticism and protests outside the Supreme Court building. They predicted that ‘the effects of the decision will spiral into lethal situations for the entire country’, and will most significantly impact ‘people of colour’ and communities from disadvantaged areas. The star described pregnancy and giving birth as a ‘dangerous and life altering experience’, which they feel even more strongly about since welcoming their first child, a son named Elder in July 2021. ‘This is one of the most significant events we will witness in our lifetimes,’ they wrote on Twitter. ‘This decision will spiral into lethal situations for our entire country. ‘Most seriously impacting people of colour, rural areas and socioeconomically impacted communities. The time to take action is now. ‘I cannot stress enough the implications of this moment in history. This is a cruel attack on our fundamental right to choose if and when to have a child. ‘I felt this way before I became a mother and I feel this way even more now after having my son. ‘Everyone deserves the right to choose and the right to make that choice safely,’ they said. Halsey also encouraged their followers to attend local rallies in protest, and if they can, donate to their local organisations and funds. Earlier this week, Politico published a leaked draft opinion written by Justice Samuel Alito which argued that Roe v. Wade was ‘egregiously wrong from the start’, before concluding that ‘it is time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people’s elected representatives.’ If the Supreme Court overturns the landmark 1973 case, abortion will no longer be protected as a federal right in the US, meaning each state will be able to decide whether to curtail or ban abortion. Joining Halsey in defending abortion rights have included Oscar winner Questlove, Olivia Rodrigo and Phoebe Bridgers. Phoebe took to her Instagram Story where she wrote: ‘I had an abortion in October of last year while I was on tour. ‘I went to planned parenthood where they gave me the abortion pill. It was easy. Everyone deserves that kind of access.’ She then encouraged her followers to donate to abortion funds. Abortion will likely become illegal in at least half of all US states if Roe v Wade is overturned, according to pro-reproductive rights group The Guttmacher Institute. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Halsey warns they ‘may have to stop for real’ after battling chronic illness in hospital MORE : ‘Heartbroken’: Olivia Rodrigo pauses Washington DC concert to address ‘right to safe abortion’ 