Anne Hegerty was notably missing from Monday’s Beat The Chasers after falling ill with Covid – but her seat wasn’t left empty for long. The Chaser, also known as The Governess, had been due to take part in the latest series of the hit spin-off show from The Chase, but was unable to take part in filming after testing positive for coronavirus ahead of filming. The contestants were not going to be given an easier ride with five Chasers instead of six, however, as Anne’s spot was filled by Issa Schultz, a Chaser on the Australian version of the show. Issa revealed that his nickname on the Australian version of the show is the ‘Supernerd’ – so no pressure there then. Viewers took to Twitter to share their thoughts on the new Chaser and Anne’s absence, writing: ‘Just tuning in – where’s Anne!?’ and ‘ ‘Oooh a new face’, added another,, ‘I like the Super Nerd, it’s a good nickname’ and ‘Welcome new Chaser The Supernerd!’ Others were confused as to why Anne was missing, writing: ‘Petition for @anne_hegerty To come back on #BeatTheChasers & #TheChase’ and ‘Where’s The Governess?’ Another wrote: ‘@Anne_Hegerty Where are you on this series of #BeatTheChasers? We miss you. Nothing against the new chaser.’ Anne had previously revealed in March during filming that she would not be appearing on this season after not testing negative until the run of shows was almost complete. She tweeted at the time: ‘Unfortunately I’ve contracted Covid-19 so won’t be filming this series of #BeatTheChasers. ‘The fantastic @Issa25 will be stepping in for me and I’m looking forward to watching the series when it’s on air later this year. I feel fine, but I’m still positive! (in all respects)’. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Chase contestant reveals old rivalry with star quizzer Shaun Wallace: ‘I’ve beat him’ MORE : Bafta TV Awards: Paul Sinha cries on stage in axed scenes as The Chase wins best daytime award 