Kylian Mbappe says he is ‘happy to continue the adventure’ at Paris Saint-Germain after snubbing Real Madrid to sign a new three-year deal in the French capital. One of the biggest transfers sagas in recent memory drew to a close on Saturday night with confirmation of Mbappe’s new deal. The France international’s contract with PSG was set to expire this summer, allowing him to leave on a free transfer. But after pledging his future to the French giants, he is set to bank an enormous signing-on fee said to be worth €100million and earn close to €1million a week in wages, making him the highest paid player on the planet. The former Monaco sensation will also reportedly be handed significant influence over the club’s affairs Real Madrid have been pursuing a deal for Mbappe for the last two years and saw a series of bids – the biggest said to be worth €200million – rejected last summer. Mbappe was widely expected to leave PSG at the end of the season when his contract was due to end, holding positive talks with Real earlier this week. Real were confident of finally landing the 23-year-old only for a last-ditch effort from PSG convincing him to sign a new deal with them until 2025. ‘I am really happy to continue the adventure here at Paris Saint-Germain. To stay in Paris, my city,’ Mbappe told PSG’s official website. ‘I hope that I will continue to do what I prefer to with you all and win titles together. Thanks a lot.’ Mbappe’s decision to snub Real has provoked a furious response from La Liga who plan to file a complaint with Uefa, French tax authorities and the European Union over PSG’s ‘non-compliance with Financial Fair Play.’ A statement from LaLiga on Saturday night read: ‘This type of agreement attack the economic sustainability of European football, putting at risk hundreds of thousands of jobs and sporting integrity at risk – not only in European competitions, but also in domestic leagues. ‘It is scandalous that a club like PSG, which last season reported losses of more than €220m, after accumulating losses of more than €700m in prior seasons (while reporting sponsorship income at a doubtful valuation) with a cost of sports staff around €650m for this 2021-22 season, can face an agreement of these characteristics while those clubs that could accept the arrival of the player without seeing their wage bill compromised, are left without being able to sign him. ‘For all of the above, LaLiga is going to file a complaint against PSG before UEFA, administrative and tax authorities in France and before the competent bodies of the European Union, to continue defending the economic ecosystem of European football and its sustainability.’ MORE : Real Madrid make Aurelien Tchouameni prime transfer target after missing out on Kylian Mbappe MORE : The text message Kylian Mbappe sent to Florentino Perez explaining Real Madrid snub revealed For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 