A council leader has quit the Tories after accusing Boris Johnson and his government of ignoring his county. Oliver Hemsley, leader of Rutland County Council, announced his resignation from the Tory party shortly after the polls in yesterday’s local elections closed. The shock move meant that despite there not even being an election in Rutland, the Conservatives still suffered a setback in what is shaping up to have been an abysmal night for the party. Mr Hemsley said he would continue to lead the council as an independent claiming the government had ‘ignored and side-lined’ the local authority, despite calls for help. He said inequalities in Rutland have been ‘compounded year-on-year’. The next elections for Rutland County Council will not take place until next year. Mr Hemsley is not the only Conservative at a local authority level to take aim at Mr Johnson and those higher up in the party. As Tory councillors lost their seats against a backdrop of the row about lockdown-busting parties in No 10 and the cost-of-living crisis, local leaders have criticised the PM. In Worcester, Marc Bayliss, the Tory leader of Worcester City Council, didn’t stick around to see results come in last night and told reporters he was heading home early in anticipation of a disastrous night. Highlighting party gate, he said the public had found the government’s performance ‘wanting’. ‘I think it is fair to say we are having a bad night,’ he said. His comments were echoed by the leader of the Conservatives on Sunderland Council, Antony Mullen, who called for Mr Johnson to step down. ‘It’s been partygate – it’s suppressed our turnout,’ he said. ‘Quite clearly that’s the only thing that has changed nationally that has affected this. ‘The best chance of reviving the Conservative Party’s fortunes will be with a new leader. ‘If there is no improvement in the party’s reputation, then clearly something has to change.’ Before the final results were declared in Barnet, the Tory group leader Daniel Thomas conceded defeat, saying the loss was a ‘warning shot’ from supporters. ‘Clearly if Labour are to get a majority in Parliament they need to win Barnet,’ he said. ‘They won the council, if they win our parliamentary constituencies as well, then it doesn’t bode well for us to form a government in future general elections.’ Others have also suggested Mr Johnson should take note of the dismal results and how voters feel. Simon Bosher, the leader of the Conservative group in Portsmouth, where the party lost four sees said Mr Johnson should ‘take a good, strong look in the mirror’ because ‘those are people that are actually bearing the brunt on the doorstep of behaviour of what’s been going on in Westminster’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.