In terms of fashion, we got a taste of everything at last night’s Met Gala. With the theme being ‘Gilded Glamour and White Tie’ celebrities made the most of their opportunity to dress up and dazzle. For example, Kim Kardashian wore Marilyn Monroe’s iconic Bob Mackie dress that the movie star wore when she serenaded President John F Kennedy for his birthday in 1962. Meanwhile, singer Alicia Keyes wore a stunning Ralph Lauren gown that was embellished with the New York city skyline and Vanessa Hudgens chose a sheer and sexy ensemble. However, it wasn’t just the event outfits that caught our eye, the after party looks stood out too. It seems ‘naked’ fashion is back with the likes of Bella Hadid, Hailey Bieber and Kendall Jenner all embracing risqué get ups. But why has barely-there fashion made a return in 2022? Celebrity stylist Miranda Holder says naked fashion has never been out of style but that the events of the past few years has pushed it into mainstream consciousness. ‘Whether they are full sheer wet look or body con, the naked dress comes in all forms and is designed to get attention,’ she explains. ‘It became more popular in the late 1990s and was used as a shock tactic to generate headlines. As an audience at home we have almost became blaze towards celebrities bearing a little or a lot of flesh. ‘These days, all of us, celebrities included, are falling over ourselves to celebrate life post-pandemic and this can be seen in last night’s after party outfit choices. ‘They wanted to and were able to create a wow factor.’ Expert fashion commentator Karine Laudort is of the same opinion and says that Kim Kardashian wearing Monroe’s dress was even a nod to the beginning of naked fashion. She says: ‘Kim explained the enticing nature of this dress noting that nowadays everyone wears sheer dresses, but back in 1962 that was not the case. ‘She believes it to be the original naked dress.’ Karine also believes that many celebrities choose to embrace the naked trend to take control of the perceptions of their bodies. ‘One new trend within naked fashion is wearing garments that actually make the wearer look naked, almost like a second skin. ‘Actress Zoe Kravitz has worn this style many a time before and hit back at commentators saying: “Being uncomfortable with the human body is colonisation/brainwashing. It’s just a body. We all got ’em.” ‘This just shows that for some celebrities, it’s definitely more than a fashion choice.’ Below is a round up of all the ‘naked’ fashion looks from last night’s proceedings: Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Nine opulent dresses inspired by the Met Gala – perfect for your next special occasion MORE : Met Gala 2022: Kim Kardashian only wore original Marilyn Monroe gown for a few minutes before swapping to replica MORE : Met Gala 2022: Stormzy owns dress code in all-white suit with matching cape as he makes debut