An NHS worker who took cocaine into a music festival has been jailed for three years. Courtney Healy, 21, had 14 wraps of the Class A drug in her bag as she went to Creamfields on a weekend off. She claimed she was taking the 8.9 grams of drugs – valued between £420 to £1,100 – in for her friends. But text messages revealed she was smuggling them in for a man already inside the Cheshire festival, who offered to pay her £200. Healy, who had no previous convictions, pleaded guilty to possession of cocaine with the intent to supply at Chester Crown Court. Judge Steven Everett described her behaviour as ‘evil’ as he sentenced her for three years, telling her: ‘Yes, she can hang her head. This is not a naïve young woman, is it? ‘It shows she is completely enveloped in the drug culture and is very blasé about it. ‘You can’t be both – a health care support worker and somebody that is involved in the supply of terrible Class A drugs. And you chose the latter.’ During her trial, prosecutor Richard Edwards said Healy sent multiple messages asking her friends how they were taking their drugs in. One person responded: ‘Oh my god I am dreading this, you are all smackheads.’ In another message talking about marijuana, Healy, from Maesteg, south Wales, said: ‘I smoke it every day. I feel like I might rip someone’s head off otherwise. ‘My mum would actually send me to jail if she found out I done it.’ Mr Edwards told the court there were many opportunities to surrender drugs at the festival’s amnesty bins, while posters warned festivalgoers about the consequences of being caught with drugs. Defending Healy, Bernice Campbell, said: ‘This is a young woman who has ruined her life.’ Ms Campbell described Healy as having a ‘devil-may-care’ attitude to drugs but said at the time she was going through a ‘low point’ in her life. She said it is a ‘terrible, terrible’ shame for Healy and that she was just a ‘go-between’ rather than being concerned in the onward supply of drugs. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.