Hello and best wishes to everyone except that couple who won the lottery. It is our heavy burden to inform you that, while you weren’t looking, events stubbornly continued to unfold this week. Most of those events went unnoticed and filed themselves into the cosmic categories of ‘stuff’, ‘things’ and ‘s**t happens’. Others, however, demanded attention and were documented by high-functioning alcoholics known as ‘journalists’ and then relayed to a wider audience, rendering them ‘news’. You wouldn’t know this, of course, because you were on your phone. But that’s fine, Metro was keeping its weather eye across all things, grimly noting the most important in our tear-stained ledger, all in preparation for the execution of this most sombre of duties: the pre-pub round-up. Every weekend, we perform the pub-lic duty (geddit?) of getting you all sped up on the week’s news before you hit the Babycham, a five minute read which will stop you looking thick in front of your mates. Here it is, in all it shabby, sad glory. Have fun out there and we will – regrettably – see you next week. It’s been a big, big week for fans of the grotesque gap between society’s richest and poorest. The Bank of England confirmed inflation has hit 9%, the type of figure that would have looked like an economic meltdown 12 months ago but is now considered sort of normal. As basic goods like food and energy get more expensive, incomes are being squeezed, leaving millions poorer in real terms. But never mind that, THIS COUPLE WON £184 MILLION POUNDS ON THE LOTTERY AND WE’RE ALL VERY HAPPY FOR THEM. WOOOOOOOOOOOO! The war in Ukraine is further pushing up the price of staple goods, with wheat exports grinding to a halt due to the blockade of the Black Sea, plus the impact of sanctions on the Russian fertiliser market. UN bosses are holding talks behind the scenes to get food products moving again in a bid to save developing countries from starvation. The Bank of England has warned the price of goods on supermarket shelves could soon be at ‘apocalyptic’ levels. But anyway, THE SUNDAY TIMES RICH LIST IS OUT AND BRITAIN’S SUPER-RICH HAVE INCREASED THEIR WEALTH BY 8% IN THE LAST 12 MONTHS TO A RECORD £710 BILLION. YAYYYYYYYYYYYY! The government voted down a Labour proposal to impose a windfall tax on the record profits enjoyed by big energy firms, money which could be used to offset rising bills. Downing Street has also ruled out passing an emergency budget to address the dire economic situation, despite Rishi Sunak admitting a ‘perfect storm’ of factors means ‘tough’ times lie ahead for the country. But forget all that, THE CHANCELLOR HAS BECOME THE FIRST EVER FRONTLINE POLITICIAN TO SCORE A PLACE ON THE RICH LIST! ARGHHHHHHHHH TL;DR: Remember, losing lottery tickets can be burned for fuel. It’s been more than two years since Covid-19 turned us all into stockpiling, agoraphobic hermits, tunelessly whistling happy birthday (twice) while we scrubbed the recently healed layer of skin off our knuckles. Now there’s a new virus on the block to be absolutely terrified of: monkeypox. It’s endemic in parts of Africa but several seemingly unlinked clusters of cases around Europe, North America and further afield have put global health authorities on red alert. There’s no need to panic just yet, disease experts tell us. There have been a small number of cases so far, it doesn’t appear to spread very easily and it isn’t airborne, meaning you need to come into close physical contact with an infected person to catch it. But the news that 20 cases of the smallpox-like virus have been detected in the UK – along with outbreaks in the US, Canada, Spain, Germany, Italy and more – is enough to make the more hypochondriacal among us start cleaning our post with bleach wipes again. Gay and bi males in the UK are being asked to be on the lookout for symptoms, with evidence pointing to transmission taking place through sex (or at least the close contact associated with a roll in the hay) and a disproportionate number of cases showing up among men who have sex with other men. The government is dusting off smallpox vaccines to use on health workers who may have been exposed and are buying more just in case. Honestly though, don’t worry too much, it’s probably all fine! TL;DR: No, YOU’RE panic-buying toilet rolls. Another week has passed and Vladimir Putin’s efforts to conquer Ukraine and remodel the world order continue to progress impressively poorly. Since last week’s ICYMI, where we reported that pretty much nothing had changed on the ground, we must inform you once more than pretty much nothing has changed on the ground. The week-long blitz of Ukraine which would sweep away its government has resulted in a grinding stalemate largely confined to the east of the country (which pro-Russian forces already controlled much of as of 2014). Volodymyr Zelensky has mocked the Kremlin’s claims they are deploying lasers in the battlefield, likening it to Nazi Germany’s pursuit of a wunderwaffe which would tip the scale of the war. Ukrainian soldiers linked to the Azov Battalion have been told to lay down arms after three months of resistance which came down to a brutal siege of the Azovstal steel plant. The first Russian soldier on trial for war crimes has been convicted, probably the first of many. Sergeant Vadim Shishimarin, 21, shot an unarmed civilian riding a bike while other soldiers fled a Kyiv suburb in a stolen car. An independent journalist who has previously disclosed secret’s going to the heart of Russia’s government believes his military elite have abandoned hope and a coup is more likely than ever. Whatever you’re doing this weekend, we can all hope together that Putin is having a really, really crap time. TL;DR: Ukraine continues to be Ukraine, Putin continues to fail. Against all the odds, Boris lives to party another day. The Metropolitan Police investigation is over and the prime minister will not be issued with another fine to go with his first one. Mr Johnson was widely expected to be sanctioned again, given he was in attendance at gatherings where others there were found to have broken the rules. But the PM, a man with a toddler-like ability to face plant at full speed and then get up and keep running, seems to have gotten away with it. Of course, he still broke his own law, that much is beyond dispute – but his measly single fine will unlikely be enough to convince the bastions of moral purity on the Tory backbenches to unseat him, meaning he is seemingly safe in Number 10. He’s not totally out of the woods though. The conclusion of the Met probe means Sue Gray will soon fire up the dry ice machine, hit ‘play’ on her entrance music and storm back onto the stage. She’s expected to blow the dust off her report before the end of next week and, while it may not be deadly for the PM, it will probably do further damage. TL;DR: The prime minister broke the lockdown rules you were ordered to follow, just not enough to make Tory MPs give a s**t. Metro.co.uk would like to wish a big happy birthday to Johanna Mazibuko who, for reasons we can’t fathom, can still be arsed at the age of 128. She hasn’t been recognised by the gatekeepers of all things extraordinary at Guinness World Records but she holds papers saying she was born in 1894, which would make her the world’s oldest woman. Her long life in South Africa has seen the country transformed from a British colony to its modern incarnation and she has a brood of 50 grandchildren and great-grandchildren. She’s not quite sure how she ended up living this long but it may have something to do with her childhood diet of spinach and fresh milk, something we will dwell on as we plunge once more into the crisps bag this weekend. The somewhat macabre but charming Johanna said this week: ‘When I die, they must slaughter a cow for me. ‘They must bury me well, so that I never bother them.’ You do you, ma’am. TL;DR: Slaughter us if needs be, honestly. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.