If you’re feeling emotional about Little Mix heading on hiatus, you aren’t the only one as the girls themselves are struggling to hold back their tears. The group gave their final interview on The One Show tonight, during which Jade Thirlwall got choked up when thanking fans for their support over the last 10 years. Little Mix – also consisting of Perrie Edwards and Leigh Anne Pinnock – are set to take a break from the band after their final concert of the Confetti Tour this weekend. The Sweet Melody hitmakers will take to the stage at London’s O2 Arena for one last time, before taking some well deserved time off, but something tells us they won’t be leaving us without music for long, with rumours swirling that each girl is planning solo endeavours. Chatting on the BBC show tonight, Geordie lass Jade became noticeably emotional when delivering a speech on what being in Little Mix has meant to her. ‘What would you like to say to your fans at this moment before you disappear, at least for a little while?’, asked host Alex Jones. ‘I think just thank you more than anything,’ Jade began. ‘Thank you for your support over the last 10 years, thanks for keeping us around for this long, we’re honestly so unbelievably grateful for all of the support we’ve had and we’ve really felt that on this tour and we will feel it at the last show. That’s going to be special. ‘We still pinch ourselves even now that we’ve got to this point in our career, so it’s all good.’ ‘Oh, I could hear your little voice get stuck in your throat there,’ said Alex sweetly, causing the girls to laugh and Jade to wave her hand in front of her face. ‘They’re going, they’re going!’ she laughed. But, do not fear, as the girls are promising to remain one another’s biggest cheerleaders when their extended break begins, with Jade adding that ‘no matter what we do going forwards, we’ve got each other to support each other through that.’ ‘This is all we’ve known. Our whole adult lives, we’ve been in this group together, supporting each other, and that’s not going to change once we start doing our own thing in the future,’ she said. As the band refer to doing their ‘own thing’, it really could be anything, but it’s exciting nonetheless, with each band member previously sharing social media posts from recording studios and hinting at solo albums. For Jade specifically, a major rebrand has been teased, with reports suggesting she could following in the footsteps of Madonna and Cher by dropping her surname. Taking time out from the band will also allow Perrie and Leigh Anne to spend more time with their babies, with Perrie – who is dating Liverpool FC’s Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain – branding motherhood a ‘magical’ experience. She gave birth to son Axel in August last year, while Leigh Anne – who is engaged to footballer Andre Gray – welcomed twins, whose names and gender she hasn’t revealed, just days earlier. As the X Factor winners prepare to bow out from Little Mix for a while, there’s still one last chance to catch them in action on stage, as their final show on Saturday will be live-streamed and even shown in select cinemas, so no fan has to miss out. The girls won Simon Cowell’s singing competition in 2011, becoming the first band to do so, and have since gone on to break records and win countless awards such as Brits. Fans will remember they began as a four piece, before Jesy announced that she was leaving the group in December 2020, for mental health reasons. The One Show airs weekdays at 7pm on BBC One. Tickets for Little Mix’s final concert live-stream are available now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Who writer Russell T Davies insists Ncuti Gatwa casting wasn’t about diversity: ‘Simply the best actor walked in’ MORE : Tom Parker’s widow says Deborah James was ‘pillar of strength’ to him as he battled brain cancer 