A father found out his daughter had been killed after he gave medical treatment to her best friend after America’s deadliest school shooting for a decade. Angel Garza responded as a medical aide to give help to anyone hurt in the attack in Texas. As he comforted a girl ‘covered in blood head to toe’, she told him she had witnessed her best friend being shot. ‘She was hysterical, saying that they shot her best friend, that they killed her best friend, she’s not breathing and she was trying to call the cops,’ Angel told CNN’s Anderson Cooper. ‘And I asked the little girl the name and she told me, she said Amerie.’ Garza broke down as he recalled the devastating conversation, recalling of his daughter: ‘She was so sweet … she was the sweetest little girl who did nothing wrong. ‘She listened to her mom and dad, she always brushed her teeth, she was creative, she made things for us, she never got in trouble in school. “I just want to know what she did to be a victim.’ Mr Garza said that his daughter had tried to phone 911 for help when she was killed. ‘I just want people to know that she died trying to save her classmates,’ Garza said. ‘She just wanted to save everyone.’ Nineteen children and two adults were killed in the shooting at Rob Elementary School in Uvalde, close to the Mexican border. The 18-year-old gunman was shot dead at the scene after being inside for 40 minutes to an hour. He legally bought the rifle used in the attack and a second one like it last week, just after his birthday when it became legal to purchase them. Witnesses described how they begged police to go inside the school, after the attack began. Javier Cazares, whose fourth grade daughter, Jacklyn Cazares, was killed in the attack, said he raced to the school when he heard about the shooting, arriving while police were still gathered outside the building. Upset that police were not moving in, he raised the idea of charging into the school with several other bystanders. ‘Let’s just rush in because the cops aren’t doing anything like they are supposed to,’ he said. ‘More could have been done.’ ‘They were unprepared,’ he added. Hundreds of people packed the town’s fairgrounds for a vigil yesterday night where speakers led prayers for healing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.