It’s the news Marvel fans across the globe have been waiting for – a new Daredevil series is in the works at Disney Plus, it’s been reported. From 2015 to 2018, Charlie Cox as Matt Murdock in the Netflix show about the blind superhero, who works as a lawyer by day and a crime-fighting vigilante by night. After the programme and other Marvel properties on Netflix were cancelled on the platform, fans were desperately hoping there could be hope for the character to return, with the same actor playing the role. Following his cameo in Spider-Man: No Way Home, when Matt showed up as a lawyer for Tom Holland’s Peter Parker, it’s now been claimed that a new Daredevil series is in fact on its way. According to Variety, the publication has learnt from sources that Matt Corman and Chris Ord have been linked to the project to write and executive produce it. While Marvel is yet to comment on the production – with Marvel Studios refraining from commenting on productions that are in development – fans are overjoyed by the news. ‘I’m so happy for Charlie Cox. He turned down jobs thinking season 4 would happen years ago. Now he’s going to be a big player in the MCU and soon he’ll get his long overdue new and continued Daredevil series,’ one person tweeted. ‘He’s shown so much love and passion for the character. He deserves this.’ ‘Thrilled to learn that #Daredevil lives on! Best cast and best fan base EVER!’ said Erik Oleson who was showrunner on the third season of Daredevil and was working on a fourth season for Netflix before it was axed. Some speculated whether the MCU could see a face off between Daredevil and Vincent D’Onofrio’s Kingpin, after Wilson Fisk returned in Hawkeye last year. Meanwhile, others wondered if a new Daredevil series will match its predecessor’s level of violence and grit that it had on Netflix following the character’s move to Disney and the MCU. On top of that, it’s uncertain whether the new show would be a continuation of the previous narrative, or a new story in its own right. Representatives for Corman and Ord declined to comment to Variety. Daredevil is available to watch on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Avengers at 10: Breaking down Marvel film’s most iconic shot, the ‘extraordinary’ Mark Ruffalo and what it’s like to take home a piece of the Tesseract MORE : Tom Hiddleston hopes Loki coming out as bisexual in Marvel series was ‘meaningful to people who spotted it’ 