Harry Styles has more than proved he’s a style chameleon over the years, but his latest look proves he’s something of a stylish caterpillar too. The Kiwi start 28, took to the stage in New York to perform on the Today show on Thursday, and his outfit of choice had fans talking. Harry took too the stage in a yellow, black and brown striped jumpsuit with flared legs and sleeves for his performance on the show. While there’s no doubting Harry pulled off the look with serious style – just as he does with literally anything he puts on – the jumpsuit looked uncannily like a caterpillar. Just us? Harry had appeared on the show to talk about his new album Harry’s House as well as to perform new single As It Was, new track Boyfriends, as well as Watermelon Sugar. Fans had camped out in the Rockefeller Plaza for days ahead of the performance to ensure they got as close as possible to Harry when he took the stage. Those that managed to get in to see him live were not taking any chances on missing out, as over 50,000 fans had requested passes to the event, according to Rolling Stone, with the number that actually made it in unknown. Harry told the hosts he was humbled by the dedication of his fans, adding: ‘I feel very lucky that throughout my career so far, I just keep being surprised by the dedication and the support that I’ve had from these amazing people. ‘So thank you so much for continuing to surprise me.’ He added that Harry’s House was ‘the most intimately made thing I’ve done so far,’ explaining: ‘Obviously, the pandemic and everything kind of added to the way it was made. ‘It was made by a few people in a small room. Whether we kind of moved around the world a couple of times, it was very much that core group that I work with.’ Harry says the new record is his most personal yet, adding that it was ‘the most free I’ve felt making music,’ and is the music he’s most proud of making so far in his career. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles makes rare public comment about girlfriend Olivia Wilde and it’s super sweet MORE : Harry Styles to kick off Apple Music’s livestream gig series this Friday 