Singer Sam Ryder, 32, on representing the UK in Eurovision, why he doesn’t think it’s cheesy and his massive TikTok following. Really excited. I’ve got some wicked outfits in a suitcase now, a few options, but I know what I’m going for. It’s not necessarily hard to pitch. It’s a very technical song so you need to find ways of conveying emotion without getting too clinical. Yeah, I’ve been all over the place. I’ve done a few of the pre-parties but I wanted to make sure I did some stuff that wasn’t on the Eurovision Monopoly board. The reason I’m here in the first place is that so many people were being generous with their kindness so I wanted to go to as many places as possible, even if it was to play on street corners. Yeah – Berlin, Madrid, Amsterdam. We wanted to do one in London but we couldn’t risk that. Only as an afterthought. My initial reaction as a Eurovision fan was that this was a wicked opportunity and I’d love to do it. But then you think, ‘Yeah, but what if people think it’s cheesy? What if your career goes down the pan afterwards? What if you get nil points?’ But it’s you creating this uncertainty so you can also create a bombardment of positivity against that. I don’t feel pressure about it at all. I think it’s really cool because I think it shows there’s a certain attitude of positivity in the UK. That was a lockdown thing. I put a video up of me singing Britney Spears’ Baby One More Time in my mum’s kitchen and sang it as high as I could, and then it started snowballing from there. Everything I’ve done in the past has been very much overthought – that tortured artist approach of ‘I must bury myself in my work’. But TikTok was about immediacy, there were no barriers or distractions. The best-performing one was What’s Up? by 4 Non Blondes. That had almost 50million views, just bonkers. But then some of my favourites have been some of the Sia tracks, the Adele songs, I did a Whitney Houston song when she covered Chaka Khan – I’m Every Woman – Gloria Estefan… Yeah, absolute anthems [laughs]. You can’t deny it. On TikTok there’s over 12million and Instagram is coming up to four million. It’s bonkers but it’s just numbers and if you put your worth into following the numbers, you’re on a path of misery. Thanks, man. There are smiles everywhere you look in the team. There isn’t that kind of funeral march in the background. It doesn’t matter where we come on that scoreboard, first or last, it’s about the attitude leading into it. It is. They’ve all got my immediate respect for agreeing to play in front of 200million people so I would hate for anyone to hear that I said that one person should win. Lordi and Hard Rock Hallelujah. It’s heavy metal but I actually think it is very Eurovision because they were wearing platforms and prosthetics and bat wings… it’s basically drag. We actually met the other day and were comparing and it’s a fantastic beard. It was at the Brit Awards and ‘hanging out’ is an exaggeration – I met them for about ten minutes and they were really lovely. Adam Lambert has been really supportive over lockdown. I’ve got five albums ready! I wrote about 100 songs last year but they’re not all good so it wouldn’t be five good albums but there’s one album ready to go. Yeah, that’s coming up really soon. I’ve never met her but I’ve heard lovely things. I’m going to do my absolute best. We’ve left no stone unturned so whatever happens is going to happen. Eurovision is a beautiful moment in time. The Eurovision Song Contest final is on BBC One at 8pm this Saturday. MORE : Eurovision Song Contest 2022 predictions: Could Sam Ryder really win? Why my hopes have reached near-unsustainable levels MORE : When is Eurovision 2022, who is Sam Ryder and how to watch in the UK? MORE : With Sam Ryder, the UK might actually have a chance of winning Eurovision 