Bridgerton actress Ruby Barker has revealed she is in hospital with her mental health as she urged others to seek help when they need it. The actress, 25, who plays Marina Thompson on the Netflix series, shared a video detailing her recent struggles and assured fans she is ‘better’. She recorded a video from hospital and told her followers: ‘I am better. I have been really unwell for a really long time, and I just want to be honest with everybody, I have been struggling. ‘So, I’m in the hospital at the minute, I’m gonna get discharged soon and hopefully get to continue with my life. ‘I’m gonna take a little bit of a break for myself and I want to encourage others, if you are struggling, please do yourself a favour. Take a break, stop being so hard on yourself. ‘And people used to always tell me not to be so hard on myself, and I never really, really knew what that meant.’ Ruby added that she was struggling amid the ‘existential threats’ as well as being ‘rage-filled, frustrated, angry’  before seeking help for ‘all this intergenerational trauma bundled up inside me,’ adding: ‘I was carrying the weight of the world on my back.’ She explained: ‘And now, I’m at a point where I have a diagnosis, and I will talk to you about that at another time. But I have a diagnosis, and I am relinquishing myself and forgiving myself and drawing a line in the sand. ‘I can’t carry on the way that I’ve been carrying on. I need to change. So, that’s what I’m trying to do.’ Ruby thanked Netflix and Shonda Rhimes, Bridgerton’s executive producer, for ‘saving her’ by giving her the opportunity. The actress also revealed she had been forced to drop out of a West End run in Running With Lions after contracting Covid-19 and struggling with her mental health. She added that she doesn’t want her diagnosis to become a ‘self-fulfilling prophecy’, explaining: ‘I cannot wait to fulfil all of my engagements and to have a good career and a good life. Because I do not want my diagnosis to be a self-fulfilling prophecy, ‘I want to survive and I will survive, and I’m going to. And so are you. That’s the beauty of it, so are you. If you’re with me, you’re in good hands. Thank you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amal Clooney and Bridgerton’s Phoebe Dynover lead celebrities on red carpet at Prince’s Trust Awards 2022 MORE : Caroline Quentin ‘so disappointed’ she was never asked to return to Bridgerton: ‘Invite me back!’ 