Kalush Orchestra rapper Oleh Psiuk has left Turin after winning Eurovision 2022 to go straight to the frontline in Ukraine to help fight the Russian invasion. The performer – who runs an organisation that provides aid to refugees – celebrated the band’s win in Italy on Saturday night, after Kalush Orchestra scored a landslide victory from the televote with their song Stefania. They ended up beating UK’s Sam Ryder, who was an early leader with his banger Space Man, coming out on top with 631 points to Ryder’s 466. However, not long after rejoicing in the win, Psiuk was pictured embracing his girlfriend Oleksandra outside his hotel in Turin as he prepared to return to Ukraine, after previously saying he was ‘ready to fight’ for his country. The rapper was seen in his signature pink bucket hat and carrying a rucksack, before getting into a taxi to return home, after the group was granted special permission to leave Ukraine, where men aged 18 to 60 could be called up to fight. Speaking on a press conference live stream, he said: ‘Our culture is under attack. We wanted to present our music to the world last night.’ Psiuk added: ‘I wrote the Eurovision song for my mum way before the war – but afterwards, it started taking a different meaning for different people. ‘I’m going back home as I run a volunteering organisation that helps refugees with food, accommodation, and medication. I will keep doing that. We will host Eurovision in a newly rebuilt and happy Ukraine.’ Following their victory in Turin, Italy, with their powerful performance of the song Stefania, Kalush Orchestra – which also includes multi-instrumentalist Ihor Didenchuk and dancer Vlad Kurochka – said the victory was ‘for every Ukrainian’. He explained: ‘We haven’t really celebrated yet. We will probably have a big celebration after the war because victory is great, winning Eurovision is fantastic but there is just so much stuff going on. ‘People are getting killed in the war or they fight in the war or lose their jobs in Ukraine, it is not really the best backdrop for celebrations.’ Following their win, Ukraine’s president Volodymyr Zelensky vowed that his country would host the competition next year. He said: ‘Ukraine will be hosting Eurovision next year. For the third time in its history, and I trust not for the last time. ‘We will do our best so that Ukraine’s Mariupol, a liberated, peaceful city that has been rebuilt will host guests and participants of Eurovision one day.’ Addressing the leader’s pledge, Psiuk said: ‘If the president said it’s going to happen, then it’s going to happen. ‘We will host Eurovision in a newly rebuilt and happy Ukraine. He congratulated us and he is happy we won.’ MORE : Sam Ryder says Ukraine ‘needed to win’ Eurovision over him to ‘shine light into darkness’ amid Russia war MORE : Eurovision 2022: Ukraine commentator enthuses Kalush Orchestra’s win is ‘much more than that’ amid Russia conflict Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.