Kim Kardashian couldn’t zip up her Marilyn Monroe dress for the Met Gala and was forced to leave it open over her internet-breaking backside. In a video from Ripley’s Believe It Or Not! museum where she borrowed the gown, Kim is seen panicking as she struggles to get the iconic number over her famous derriere. However, despite the fact that she failed to fully zip it up, Kim seemed relieved when she discovered that they could just tie the back of the dress, and then cover the rearview with a white fur shawl – similar to the original one that Monroe wore. In the video, the 41-year-old star can be heard saying: ‘Oh my god! Yeah, can we use that tie and tie it, and keep it open?’ She then asks: ‘The tie comes with it right? What if we did that and then put a fur over it.’ The fact that she was unable to zip it up resulted in Kim having to wear it unzipped on the red carpet, before changing into a replica when she was inside the venue. Confirming that she wore the original gown only for photos on the red carpet stairs, Kim told Vogue: ‘I’m extremely respectful to the dress and what it means to American history.’ Sharing that she made further alterations as she prepared to wear it, she added: ‘I would never want to sit in it or eat in it or have any risk of any damage to it and I won’t be wearing the kind of body makeup I usually do.’ ‘Everything had to be specifically timed and I had to practice walking up the stairs.’ The icon also revealed that she’d been forced to lose 16 pounds ahead of wearing the dress in just three weeks in order to make it fit. Speaking about her ruthlessly strict diet to Vogue, the Skims businesswoman said; ‘I would wear a sauna suit twice a day, run on the treadmill, completely cut out all sugar and all carbs, and just eat the cleanest veggies and protein. ‘I didn’t starve myself, but I was so strict.’ Kim also lifted the lid on her transformation with pal Lala on the red carpet and explained just how much hard work went into the show-stopping moment behind the scenes. ‘This is Marilyn Monroe’s dress, it’s 60 years old. She wore this when she sang happy birthday to John F Kennedy in 1962,’ she spilled. ‘I tried it on and it didn’t fit me. I had to lose 16lbs to be able to fit this. It was such a challenge it was like a role. No alterations were allowed to be made to the dress, which sold for $4.8million (£3.8m) at Julien’s Auctions in 2016. It was also transported by guards, which is fair enough for a gown of that value, which is usually stored in a darkened, temperature and humidity-controlled vault. However, the strict quasi-military operation saw the reality TV star able to take advantage of a replica of the dress too, also owned by Ripley’s, which was used for her fittings too. Tragic Hollywood star Monroe famously wore the dress to sing happy birthday to John F Kennedy in 1962, in what became perhaps her most iconic performance. Monroe’s glittering gown was designed by Jean Louis, and the icon was said to have paid $1440 for the custom piece. Legend has it that the dress was so tight that Monroe had to be sewn into it prior to her performance for the President. It holds the record for the most expensive dress ever sold at auction and is also one of the most expensive dresses in the world. Kim wore it to this year’s Met Gala, in order to comply with the theme of America: An Anthology of Fashion. Inspired by the era lasting roughly from 1870 to 1900, the Gilded Age in America saw a period of rapid economic growth, creating a wealth of ‘new money’ – while also sending others into abject poverty. MORE : Kim Kardashian now owns a lock of Marilyn Monroe’s hair after wearing her actual dress at the Met Gala MORE : Cardi B leaks Billie Eilish voicemail after claims singer called her ‘weird’ at Met Gala: ‘I hate the internet’ 