The Labour Party has seized control of Westminster City council for the first time since its creation in 1964. It is another humiliating loss for the Conservative Party, which is losing a number of flagship councils in the local elections. Voters are thought to be punishing the Tories over Boris Johnson’s handling of the Partygate scandal, and the cost of living crisis. Adam Hug, the new Labour leader of Westminster City Council has said his party’s victory is a ‘huge privilege’. Speaking at the count, he said: ‘We are delighted that people in Westminster put their trust in us. It’s a huge privilege. We are going to work really hard to put their interests first over the next four years. ‘We have got a lot of big challenges ahead, we are going to get to work and we are going to help as many people as we can.’ Sir Keir Starmer’s Labour party further strengthened its grip on the capital, taking the totemic Tory authority in Wandsworth for the first time in 44 years. This was a particularly symbolic blow, as it was reportedly Margaret Thatcher’s favourite council and was renowned for its low taxes. It also took back Barnet – which has a large Jewish population – in a sign the party has turned a corner on its anti-Semitism issue. Local Tory leaders have been quick to label the prime minister and the Partygate scandal as a key issue during this year’s local elections. Ravi Govindia, outgoing leader of Wandsworth council, said: ‘Let’s not be coy about it, of course national issues were part of the dilemma people were facing.’ He told the BBC ‘inevitably other events have clouded the judgement of people in Wandsworth’ and admits people raised ‘the issue of Boris Johnson’ during the campaign. Mr Govindia added he has run the ‘most successful council’ for 11 years, which has cut council tax and frozen rent. ‘We have done exactly what the residents of Wandsworth wanted – to find that counts for nothing is a sad reflection of importance of local government not being recognised,’ he said. Before the final results were declared in Barnet, the Conservative group leader Daniel Thomas conceded defeat, saying the loss was a ‘warning shot’ from his party’s supporters. ‘Clearly if Labour are to get a majority in Parliament they need to win Barnet,’ he said. ‘They won the council, if they win our parliamentary constituencies as well, then it doesn’t bode well for us to form a Government in future general elections.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.