Gogglebox viewers were less than impressed after two of the programme’s regulars branded a Top of the Pops segment from 1992 ‘the olden days’. Best friends Abbie Lynn and Georgia Bell, Durham-based armchair critics, joined the series in 2018, and have provided us with plenty of entertainment over the years. Abbie, 20, and Georgia, 21, were baffled watching a clip on tonight’s show, which featured a look-back at an old Top of the Pops episode. The British music chart television programme was broadcast weekly between 1964 and 2006, making it the world’s longest-running weekly music show. Each show included performances of some of the week’s best-selling records, with an audience bopping along to the concert. Watching the clip, which recently re-aired on BBC, Abbie began: ‘I’ve never seen this before,’ with Georgia adding: ‘It looks ancient!’ Abbie continued: ‘I think it’s out of the olden days.’ The girls didn’t help themselves later in the segment, as Abbie added: ‘I feel like we need to be watching this in black and white.’ Meanwhile, other stars reflected on how much they loved the show back then, with Stephen Webb recalling to husband Chris Butland-Steed: ‘I was 21… no money but a glint in my eye, got me everywhere.’ Dave and Shirley Griffiths were also bopping along to the tunes, singing along to Boney M’s Rivers of Babylon. Abbie managed to somewhat redeem herself when she cried ‘I know this one!’ as Boney M’s next hit Sunny played. But she then added: ‘Is this what a nightclub used to look like back in the day?’ Viewers were not pleased, with one saying: ‘Saying 1992 TOTP is “ancient” and “out of the olden days”. Oh God, help me, I’m seriously ancient then. Good old Gogglebox.’ Another person wrote: ‘One way to feel ancient is having someone describe 1992 as “out of the olden days”‘. Some viewers however, were in hysterics over Abbie’s comment, with one saying: ‘Abbie is my absolute favourite,’ while another penned: ‘Man I love Abbie.’ Gogglebox is available to watch on All4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gogglebox’s Jenny out of hospital as Lee confirms they’ll both return for series 20: ‘We’ll be back!’ MORE : Gogglebox star Ellie Warner’s boyfriend Nat Eddleston spotted out in neck brace after horror car crash 