Chrishell Stause and Jason Oppenheim had an emotional time on the Selling Sunset season five reunion as they reflected on their split. The couple started dating shortly before cameras rolled for the latest series, but their romance came to an end as they struggled to decide when would be the best time to start a family. In the reunion episode, which dropped on Netflix today, the pair broke down while discussing the reasons behind their relationship ending, as well as Chrishell’s new romance with G-Flip. ‘There’s a sadness and loss, I think watching the show made it more difficult, brought it back up,’ Jason told host Tan France, before tearing up. ‘It’s been a few months but I’m still just going through stuff. I think there was a lot of love between us, and I still care about her very much, this has been a very difficult breakup. ‘I can never think more highly of someone than I do Chrishell, she was an amazing girlfriend, I think that she would be an amazing mom. ‘It’s not that I think I made the wrong decision it’s just that I had a lot of respect, and still have the upmost respect for Chrishell, I still have as much love for her today as I did then. It’s difficult.’ When asked about his reaction, Chrishell replied: ‘I actually came into today feeling really strong and confident about where we’ve been able to get our friendship… ‘Obviously Jason is not one to show emotion very often so that just completely caught me off guard. ‘It makes it very difficult when you still have feelings there. It’s easier to get over someone when they p**s you off, in this case it’s just been a little more tough.’ If that wasn’t enough for the former pair, they were also shown unseen footage of Jason discussing their break-up with Mary Fitzgerald, admitting that he ‘f**ked it up’. ‘Basically, I went into this hoping that I would decide to have a baby with Chrishell,’ he told her. ‘Because the situation is perfect, I’m with the woman I love, I get along with her, she makes me happy. I trust her, I respect her, I think she’d be an excellent mother, she’s a dream. ‘I think the more I thought about it, I went into the other direction. ‘I just felt like this is not the time in my life when I want to have a family.’ ‘I feel like I f**ked it up. I feel a lot of guilt because we were happy and [I] f**ked something up that was really good. She’s in pain and I caused that,’ he added. ‘The love of my life, and now I have to deal with probably watching her be happy with someone else, have a family, and I’m probably never going to meet someone like that again. So it f**king sucks.’ Chrishell has indeed moved on from their romance, and is now dating musician G-Flip – taking the opportunity to confirm her new love in the reunion after intense speculation. ‘Recently I met someone who is in a different place in their life as well,’ the real estate agent told her co-stars. ‘You don’t get to choose when you meet someone in their life. Recently I met someone who is in a different place in their life as well…’ She continued: ‘I’ve been spending a lot of time with someone who is very important to me, they’re called G Flip, they’re non-binary so they go by they/them.’ ‘They’re an extremely talented musician and it all started because I was going to be in their video.’ Selling Sunset is available to stream on Netflix now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : James Argent shares incredible before and after photos as he celebrates year of weight loss journey MORE : Friends actor Mike Hagerty dies aged 67 with co-stars paying tribute to ‘adored’ star 