A sizeable off-grid house that has been described as an ‘Earthship’ is on sale for a hefty £2.7million ($3.5m) and it’s almost entirely self-sufficient. The five-bedroom, seven-bathroom eco-friendly property was first built in 1981 and is made from mudbrick and stucco. It was designed with a construction method that keeps the home naturally warm in winter and cool in summer. Located in northern Mexico, the home is set on an incredible 11 acres and measures 7,913 square feet. Also known as ‘The Desert Flower,’ or Ahkon Povi in the Tewa language used in New Mexico, the property is a blend of drama and relaxation with many artistic hand-made features. When you step through the front door, you will find breathtaking rooms with quirky designs, including glass ceilings and flagstone flooring throughout. The stunning kitchen has its own island and big wooden beams across the ceiling as well as tree trunk stools. The family room has been made into a cosy area made for getting comfy on the sofa, with its custom-made kiva fireplace, climbing vines and small alcoves. The bedrooms and bathrooms are situated across the property, with the master suite boasting shuttered French doors that open into the garden. Even the bathrooms in the home are unique with one ensuite decorated in seashells with a stunning glass ceiling above the bath. Another bathroom has its tub formed by rocks and is surrounded by jungle plants. The home also boasts a lavish spa – complete with a custom steam room, sauna and a Japanese cedar hot tub. Outside, there are 11 acres of land, a guest house and an art studio. The garden is also home to a music studio, a Koi pond, a heated pool and cedar sauna. For outside dining, the property also boasts an alfresco kitchen for summer evenings. The Desert Flower is secluded for privacy but is also just a short drive from downtown Santa Fe, where owners can find myriad of shops. The property is currently on the market for $3,475,000 with Minka Ingersoll at Realty One Of Santa Fe through Realtor.com. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : New transport links are making Acton, west London, a property hotspot MORE : Transform your drab garden path with a DIY patio stencil design MORE : Couple spend £5,000 transforming new build home – adding £25,000 to property value