Peter Andre has been spotted looking in good spirits after he hit back at Rebekah Vardy’s comments over a ‘sexual encounter’ with him during the Wagatha Christie trial with Coleen Rooney. The Mysterious Girl hitmaker was spotted heading to London’s Dominion Theatre, where he’s starring in Grease The Musical. Donning a black tracksuit with red trainers and a baseball cap, Andre, 49, grinned as he prepared for his performance – and clearly he’s not fazed. During the defamation trial, Vardy, 40, was questioned about an interview she gave to the News Of The World in 2004, in which she reportedly detailed an alleged sexual encounter with singer Andre. Mr Sherborne showed what appeared to be an A3 print-out of the article to Vardy in the witness box before reading the headline: ‘Peter’s hung like a small chipolata, shaved, slobbery, lasts five minutes.’ Andre wasn’t about to keep quiet on the claims though – referring to his time on I’m A Celebrity…Get Me Out Of Here in 2004, he responded on social media: ‘Do you know how hard it is to keep biting my lip on situations? ‘But the way I look at it, most people saw in the jungle how an acorn turned into an oak so I think I’m ok.’ He added: ‘At least she has now admitted it wasn’t true and was forced to say it.’ Andre since appears to have deleted the posts. In October 2019, Rooney, 36, accused fellow WAG Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the media, after she said she carried out a months-long ‘sting operation’. As the trial got underway at the Royal Courts of Justice on Tuesday, Vardy repeatedly denied leaking information to newspapers in the first few minutes of her cross-examination by Rooney’s barrister. Vardy was then asked about the News of the World interview. The barrister went on to read excerpts from the article, in which it was claimed Andre had managed ‘just five minutes of sex with Rebekah’ and in which Vardy said he had ‘the smallest trouser equipment I’ve ever seen’ that was like a ‘miniature chipolata’. Mr Sherborne suggested to Vardy that the News Of The World was the ‘highest circulating newspaper at the time’, read by some four million people. Vardy was asked if it was ‘respectful’ to the Mysterious Girl singer that the information of their alleged encounter was shared with a newspaper, to which she responded: ‘I was forced into a situation by my ex-husband to do this. ‘It is something that I deeply regret… It is not nice to read and I understand why this is being used and to me this is mudslinging and I was also threatened with mudslinging by Mrs Rooney’s team.’ She added: ‘The circumstances around it were completely different.’ Vardy later said she did not ask Andre for his permission or tell him it was going to happen in advance. Mr Sherborne asked: ‘Did you feel particularly strongly about the size of his manhood that it should be made public?’ She replied: ‘It was something that I was forced to say.’ In 2020, Vardy apologised for comparing Andre’s penis to a ‘miniature chipolata’. A court document filed at the time stated: ‘It is admitted that the Claimant gave a “kiss and tell” interview to The News of the World in 2004 when the Claimant was 22. ‘The Claimant regrets having given this interview and has apologised to Mr Andre. ‘The Claimant was in a difficult relationship with her ex-husband and felt pressurised by her ex-husband to give this story to the newspaper.’ After almost three years, the Wagatha Christie trial has made it to court, following Rooney’s widely-parodied statement in 2019. She conducted a ‘sting operation’ to find out who had been leaking stories about her to the press, famously concluding: ‘It’s ……. Rebekah Vardy’s account’. Vardy, who is married to Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy, denies the accusations and is suing Rooney for libel. Under English defamation law, the burden of proof now will be on Rooney to prove that her post was ‘substantially true’. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney’s ‘unnecessary’ trial slammed by Lorraine Kelly after Peter Andre’s ‘chipolata’ is brought up MORE : Wagatha Christie court sketches suggest frosty atmosphere as Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy sit metres apart for first day 