Dave Chappelle was attacked on stage by a man who tackled the comedian to the ground. The comic, 48, was performing at the Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles on Tuesday evening as part of the Netflix Is A Joke festival, when the incident happened towards the end of the stand-up show. Videos circulating on social media show Chappelle standing on stage as a man suddenly rushes him from the side, before comedian and actor Jamie Foxx ran onto stage to help the star. Another clip allegedly shows the man being detained by security guards at the venue. He was later loaded into an ambulance and taken to hospital with a dislocated arm. Chapppelle continued with the show and later told the audience: ‘I don’t know if that was part of the show or… I grabbed the back of that n****s head, his hair was spongy, absorbant.’ He then thanked Foxx for rushing in to help him, saying: ‘Listen, I just want to say I’ve had an incredible time. This guy is a genius, we’ve got to protect him at all times, man. This is what it’s about. ‘For every comedian that comes out here, this means everything. You’re a genius, you’re a legend, I enjoyed myself thoroughly and we’re not gonna let nothing happen to you.’ He added: ‘I’ve been doing this 35 years, I just stomped a n***a backstage. Always wanted to do that.’ Foxx chimed in: ‘I’m back there squeezing that n***a too.’ ‘I see Busta Rhymes over there saying, “that’s how you do it, dawg”,’ Chappelle joked. In another clip, Chappelle was heard joking about his attacker: ‘It was a trans man.’ A spokesperson for the Hollywood Bowl addressed the incident and said: ‘The incident that occurred at the Hollywood Bowl on May 3 2022 is an active investigation and we are unable to comment further at this time.’ Sharon Carpenter, a Los Angeles-based journalist who attended the show, told PA that the attacker ‘lunged’ at the comedian, sending him ‘flying in the air’. She explained: ‘It looked like someone was dashing across the stage from the side. It was a little hard to see because people were standing up at that point and leaving. But it looked like someone dashed from the side of the stage, lunged at Dave, and all I saw was Dave basically flying in the air. ‘He fell backwards on to his back, with his arms and legs up in the air. He was obviously in shock. We were all in shock. And I thought for a moment “OK, is this a prank?” because they had made some Will Smith jokes. Even though Chris Rock was there, Dave was making some jokes, it was fair game, right? He was making some jokes about the situation.’ Among the first to tweet about the incident was musician E5quire, who wrote: ‘#DaveChappelle just got attacked on stage at #HollywoodBowl while making jokes. I’ve officially seen it all.’ Another guest watching the show live said: ‘I’m at this Dave Chappelle concert and tell me why some guy ran up in stage and tackled him.’ One eyewitness tweeted: ‘Just saw someone tackle Dave Chappelle on stage at the Hollywood Bowl then the guy got jumped.’ ‘Dave Chappelle was just assaulted on stage at his Hollywood Bowl show. He was finishing up his performance when a man ran on-stage and lunged at him knocking him to the floor. Security & his entourage then cornered the man as Dave joked about how him getting “stomped” backstage,’ another revealed. British comedian Jimmy Carr attended Chappelle’s show and shared a selfie of him with the star, along with well wishes. ‘The Hollywood Bowl show with the legendary Dave Chappelle was crazy. Just happy everyone’s ok,’ he wrote. The Netflix Is A Joke festival began on April 28 and features live shows from the likes of Seth Rogen, Arsenio Hall, Snoop Dogg, Bill Burr, and Pete Davidson who performed his first stand-up show in three years on Friday. It’s been a tense time for stand-up comedians, with many expressing their concern over being attacked for telling offensive jokes, ever since Will Smith slapped Chris Rock on stage at the Oscars for a gag about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Chappelle’s reps and Netflix for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness review: Sam Raimi works his magic on slightly clunky sequel MORE : Kim Kardashian now owns a lock of Marilyn Monroe’s hair after wearing her actual dress at the Met Gala 