David Beckham has urged Cristiano Ronaldo to remain at Manchester United – and perhaps even extend his deal – and feels everyone at the club is keen for this season to end. The Red Devils suffered a humiliating 4-0 defeat against Brighton on Saturday in their penultimate Premier League match of the season and face a battle just to cling onto sixth place and Europa League qualification. United are facing a summer of significant changes, with Erik ten Hag taking over and a host of out-of-contract players leaving Old Trafford. Ronaldo, who still has one year left on his deal, has also been linked with a departure but Beckham is desperate for the Portuguese superstar to remain at the club. Speaking to Sky Sports at the Miami Grand Prix on Sunday, Beckham said: ‘Obviously Cristiano is one of the best players over the last 15 years with Leo [Messi]. ‘To see him stay on – hopefully staying on – at United is important for the fans. It’s important to him, we all know how much Man United means to him. ‘And he’s still doing what he does best, scoring goals and creating. That’s what Cristiano does. Even at his age, to be doing what he’s doing, is really incredible, so hopefully it continues and hopefully he stays for another year or two.’ Asked about United’s horrific end to the season, Beckham continued: ‘I think there’s changes to be made and changes that are happening and we’ve seen that. ‘It’s a tough end to the season, but it is the end of the season. I’m sure a lot of the fans are thankful for that, because it’s been a tough one, there’s been a lot of ups and downs. ‘The players have done what they could do best, and so has the manager as well, but you still turn up at the stadium. I turned up at the stadium a few months back and every seat was filled. ‘So the fans still believe, the fans still support, the fans will always turn up for the team because it’s what the United fans do. ‘There’s not many other teams that have gone through what they’ve gone through in the last few years and are still filling out their stadium. So it says a lot about the fans and says a lot about what they believe in, and there will be changes.’ MORE : Sir Alex Ferguson privately urging Cristiano Ronaldo to stay at Manchester United MORE : Edinson Cavani admits he wanted to leave Manchester United after Cristiano Ronaldo signing For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 