A woman who went shopping with her girlfriend has said she was stopped from using the female toilets at M&S. Tay Beales, 22, was with Freya Baldwinson, 26, on Tuesday when they both needed the bathroom. Tay, from Exeter, claims she went to use the disabled toilet because she has epilepsy but a worker approached her and said ‘you’re not disabled’. The toilet had a sign saying ‘not every disability is visible’, but instead she was ushered to another bathroom. Tay said: ‘I opened the door and there was a man taking a pee in the urinals with his genitals out. ‘I felt uncomfortable because that’s not the right toilet for me. I went to open the door of the women’s and the lady who told me to go in to the men’s bathroom was in there. ‘She was like: “No, no, you can’t go in here, use the disabled toilet”. ‘Even after I’d corrected her, saying “I’m a girl”, I had to go back and use the disabled toilet. It was so contradicting.’ Tay claims she then heard the staff member talking about her with another customer – discussing Tay’s gender identity and saying she ‘lied about being disabled’. The couple went to complain to a different staff member who called someone else. Tay said: ‘This was in the middle of the shop floor, so I had to explain it once to him, then again while people were shopping right next to tills.’ She explained that the whole saga was ’embarrassing and humiliating’ but she claimed the worker replied: ‘Sorry, is there anything else we can do?’ Tay said: ‘I’ve been misgendered before but it wasn’t malicious. This lady was completely rude, it was the way she was ushering me from one place to the other.’ The couple ended up writing an official complaint to M&S, which has since apologised and extended a gesture of goodwill. The chain said in a statement: ‘We have a zero tolerance approach to discrimination across M&S and we always work to ensure that our stores are welcoming for everyone. ‘We are very sorry that Tay’s experience did not meet the high standards of customer service that we set for ourselves, and for the upset that this caused. ‘We have spoken today with Tay to apologise directly and she has accepted a gesture of apology.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.