A teenager laughed and ran away, then tried to cover his tracks after fatally stabbing 12-year-old schoolgirl Ava White with a flick knife, a court heard. More than 20 members of Ava’s family were in court as the 14-year-old’s murder trial began — some wept as a 20-second clip showing the attack was played in court. Ava had been ‘messing around’ with friends aged 11 to 15 who had shared alcohol before a Christmas lights switch-on in Liverpool town centre last November, prosecutor Charlotte Newell QC said. Security staff moved them on. But nearby they were spotted by a group of boys including the defendant, who began filming her for a Snapchat post he shared later. ‘Ava in particular was appalled and angry that they were filming her and was quite insistent that they delete the footage,’ Ms Newell said. When she and a friend approached him, his friends began jeering and she ran towards them. Ava did not ‘inflict any violence upon him greater than a push, nor did she produce or have any weapon’, Ms Newell said. But the boy’s reaction was ‘to thrust a knife into the neck of this unarmed child with what a pathologist determined was moderate force — the force of a firm punch’. She said the defendant claims he was acting in self-defence, fearing he would be assaulted or stabbed. ‘However, his reaction at the time was to smirk, to laugh and to run away, leaving Ava to die whilst he sought to distance himself from his actions,’ Ms Newell added. She said he then ‘began a conscious cover-up’ of the crime, discarding his knife, phone and coat and later lying to police that a friend had attacked her. Ava gained consciousness at Alder Hey hospital but became ‘very distressed’, Ms Newell said. ‘She was taken to a hospital bed and as that happened she went into cardiac arrest. Every effort was made to save her life.’ The boy — who denies murder and an alternative count of manslaughter — appeared by videolink at Liverpool crown court yesterday. The court heard he pleaded guilty to having an offensive weapon — a flick knife with a 3in blade. Mrs Justice Yip told the jury the boy had attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and they may see him use a fidget toy to help concentrate. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.