A quick transformation is possible with DIY, as one mum discovered when she wanted to change up her en-suite. All it took was a lick of paint and some decorative items like wall stickers. Jenny Smith, 48, a mum of two from Cheshire, painted her en-suite with a green feature wall and then added finishing touches and a shelf bought from budget stores. Jenny told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK: ‘I work as a part time estate agent and have a real passion for property – I love seeing peoples homes and the potential that some houses have. ‘I enjoy browsing through websites selling homeware and wallpapers for inspiration. ‘We moved into our current house on the 20th December last year so I have just started to decorate. ‘The en-suite was a very dark room. The tiles were absolutely fine, but it had been painted a sandy-beige colour and I felt it looked old-fashioned. ‘I initially wanted to brighten it up so I chose a very pale grey bathroom paint (almost white) which covered the beige well. ‘I had some green accessories from our previous bathroom such as a hand towel and mat which I love the colour of so I decided to incorporate this into the colour scheme. ‘The wall behind the toilet seemed perfect for a splash of colour. I found a matte paint in the perfect shade of green. ‘To soften the look slightly I wanted some sort of pattern but wallpaper can be tricky in bathrooms so I found gorgeous flower stickers online that seemed perfect. ‘The shelf was another bargain I picked up whilst grocery shopping and the decorative items I already had. ‘The bathroom looks so much brighter, cleaner and fresher now, we absolutely love it. ‘The stickers are so easy to apply and quick to change if you want to create a different look.’ By doing it this way, she’s able to give the room a new look in the future with minimal work if the mood takes her. Jenny says: ‘My advice to anyone doing their own makeover is to use the internet for ideas but also choose colours and patterns that you like. ‘I like to save money where I can. ‘I use stores’ own brand paints and pick up small decorative items when I see them at a good price. ‘The total cost for my paint was £25 from B&Q and Wilko, the stickers were £6.25 from Shein and the shelf was £8 from B&M. ‘The items on the shelf are a plant from IKEA and a buddha from The Range that I have owned for a while. ‘The total spend was £39.25 and it took me one weekend to complete. ‘It was definitely a lot cheaper than if I had got a decorator in as I only needed to buy materials. ‘I’m sure I saved at least £150 as that is the usual daily rate for a decorator. ‘I love the sense of achievement when I have completed something by myself. ‘When you start a job, you can make small adjustments as you go along if you are doing it yourself. ‘If you use a contractor you generally see the results at the end and it’s difficult to alter anything. ‘I love making home improvements on a budget. ‘It’s a satisfying feeling to know you have achieved something that looks beautiful and hasn’t broken the bank.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman creates amazing DIY garden decking for £100 using free wooden pallets MORE : Mum adds £125,000 to value of ‘hoarder home’ after impressive DIY transformation MORE : 14 easy DIY hacks that will add value to your home