A spurned employee who took his former company to tribunal was the victim of sex harassment, it has been found. Tony Finn had complained about being called a ‘bald c*** during his time at West Yorkshire-based British Bung Company. He worked as an electrician at the firm for 24 years before he was fired last May. Mr Finn claimed he had been a victim of sex harassment, due to comments made about his lack of hair. He told the tribunal factory supervisor Jamie King had referred to him as a ‘bald c*** during a heated debate in July 2019. As hair loss is far more common among men than women, the insult counted as a form of discrimination, it was ruled. The panel – led by Judge Jonathan Brain – had been tasked with deciding if calling someone ‘bald’ amounted to a simple insult or harassment. In their ruling, they said: ‘In our judgment, there is a connection between the word ”bald” on the one hand and the protected characteristic of sex on the other. ‘[The company’s lawyer] was right to submit that women as well as men may be bald. However, as all three members of the tribunal will vouchsafe, baldness is much more prevalent in men than women. ‘We find it to be inherently related to sex.’ They also drawn parallels to a previous tribunal, where a man was found to have sexually harassed a woman by commenting on the size of her breasts. The panel said: ‘It is much more likely that a person on the receiving end of a comment such as that which was made in (that) case would be female. ‘So too, it is much more likely that a person on the receiving end of a remark such as that made by Mr King would be male. ‘Mr King made the remark with a view to hurting the claimant by commenting on his appearance which is often found amongst men. ‘The tribunal therefore determines that by referring to the claimant as a ‘bald c***’…Mr King’s conduct was unwanted, it was a violation of the claimant’s dignity, it created an intimidating environment for him, it was done for that purpose, and it related to the claimant’s sex.’ Following his disagreement with Mr King, Mr Finn wrote a statement about the incident on official West Yorkshire Police paper. When he handed it to his bosses, they allegedly accused him of trying to intimidate them. He was later fired for misconduct, the tribunal was told. As well as upholding his sex harassment claim, the panel ruled the company had dismissed him unfairly because instead of waiting to hear from police after they complained about his son’s involvement, which they claimed they would, they sacked him two working days later. Mr Finn won claims of unfair dismissal, wrongful dismissal, being subjected to detriments and sex harassment. Hus compensation will be determined at a later date. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.