I’m not going to lie, it’s a bit difficult to keep coming up with a satirical way to say: ‘I know the news is a bit depressing this week but please read it.’ So I’ll just be straight with you: The news is a pretty sad this week but it’s still important that we know what’s going on – and it always will be. However, I will promise some fairly cool information about a new public transport ssytem at the end. I will also include this joke to start you off: ‘Why is England described as being a wet country? The Queen has reigned over it for decades.’ Also – and in contradiction with the joke above – it was sunny on Friday! The US Supreme Court could be about to overturn the nationwide legal right to an abortion. The landmark Roe v Wade case established a precedent that any pregnant woman in the US has the right to choose an abortion without government interference in 1973. In a draft opinion leaked by Politico, the judges say: ‘We hold that Roe and Casey must be overruled. ‘The Constitution makes no reference to abortion, and no such right is implicitly protected by any constitutional provision. ‘It is time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people’s elected representatives.’ It is important to note that this does mean abortion will be made illegal in the US. Instead, it gives state authorities the power to outlaw the procedure locally or restrict it however much they wish. It is unclear whether this will be the conservative-majority court’s final decision on the topic but the leak has nonetheless caused major debate and backlash from pro-choice movements. Former presidential candidate Hilary Clinton said: ‘This decision is a direct assault on the dignity, rights, & lives of women, not to mention decades of settled law’ ‘It will kill and subjugate women even as a vast majority of Americans think abortion should be legal. What an utter disgrace.’ Abortion will likely become illegal in at least half of all US states if Roe v Wade is overturned, according to pro-reproductive rights group The Guttmacher Institute. TL;DR: For some reason, no drafts about improved adoption services, maternity leave or childcare support have been leaked yet. The prime minister has had a difficult run with coronavirus, the cost of living crisis, partygate and a Tory MP watching porn in the Commons. Not one to back down from a challenge, Mr Johnson used his Good Morning Britain on Monday to make things just a little bit harder for himself. Host Susanna Reid told the PM about 77-year-old pensioner Elsie –  who has resorted to using her Freedom Bus Pass to ride buses all day to keep warm because she can no longer afford to heat her home amid the rising price of gas. In a truly bizarre response, Mr Johnson gloated that he was the politician who had introduced the Freedom Bus Pass in the first place. Several politicians and journalists have since called this out for being inaccurate – London councils have paid for the pass since the 1980s, Mr Johnson simply made the pass valid for 24 hours a day in 2009. But besides this, the PM has been blasted by opposition leaders and social media users for being ‘tone deaf’ and ‘out of touch’. Ms Reid went on to tell LBC’s Tonight with Andrew Marr: ‘I’ve spoken to Elsie, since the interview this morning with the Prime Minister, and she says how disappointed she is with what he said. ‘Because she says there are people who are even worse off than she is, and there was no answer for them, apart from “oh I was the person who was responsible for the bus pass,” I mean, as if she’s supposed to be grateful.’ TL;DR: Watch this space for the Boris bike to Boris bus PR spin. The MP for West Yorkshire cathedral city, Imran Ahmad Khan, was convicted of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy on April 11. Khan forced the teenager to drink gin at a house in Staffordshire before dragging him upstairs in January 2008, jurors at Southwark Crown Court heard. He then asked him to watch pornography before reaching over the railing of his bunk bed and touched the child’s legs and groin. The Conservative Party kicked Khan out with immediate effect but the politician could technically still serve as an Independent. However, Khan announced he would step down from his seat in the same week as his conviction and now it has officially gone ahead. He did not complete all of the formalities until last week, meaning he received his full taxpayer-funded salary for April. Khan said the move would allow him to ‘focus entirely on clearing (his) name’ while he appeals the conviction. TL;DR: People generally don’t want sex offenders representing them in politics. Boris Johnson admitted it had been a ‘tough night’ for the Conservatives as the party lost some major seats to Labour in Thursday’s vote. This includes Westminster, which has been run by the Tories since the council was created in 1964, and the Conservative flagship Wandsworth. The Greater London borough’s outgoing leader, Ravi Govindia, said ‘the issue of Boris Johnson’ had lost him his top seat. Seemingly referring to partygate, he added: ‘Inevitably other events have clouded the judgement of people in Wandsworth.’ The the Liberal Democrats and the Greens have also made but the results are still coming in, with some not expected until tomorrow morning. Many will be looking to this election for an indicator of the national mood after partygate. But it is also worth noting that local elections have notoriously low voter turnout numbers and the results will not be completely representative. TL;DR: It seems many people don’t believe a cake makes it legal. A new Crossrail service that promises to ‘revolutionise’ travel in London by connecting commuter towns in the east and west is set to open on May 24. The £18.8billion project is is three-and-a-half late, with this month’s opening only introducing a limited service. The Elizabeth line will operate 12 trains per hour between Paddington and Abbey Wood from Monday to Saturday 06:30am to 11pm. Initially trains will not run on Sundays to allow for testing and software updates. A full timetable won’t be ready until 2023 and the opening still depends on final safety approvals. Once the line is fully opened, it is estimated to deliver a £42billion boost to the whole UK economy, create jobs and increase London’s public transport capacity by 10%. TL;DR; When we say ‘opening’, we actually mean ‘kind of opening a bit’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.