A former Conservative MP convicted of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old boy has been sent to prison for 18 months. Imran Ahmad Khan forced the youngster to drink gin and tonic, pushed him on to a bed and asked him to watch pornography before the January 2008 attack, the jury was told. The revelations sparked the 48-year-old’s expulsion from the Tory Party, before he resigned as an MP in West Yorkshire. That triggered a by-election in Wakefield following the guilty verdict at Southwark Crown Court last month. Khan’s victim, now 29, said he was left feeling ‘scared, vulnerable, numb, shocked and surprised’ after the then 34-year-old, touched his feet and legs after a party at a Staffordshire house. He added that the future MP came within ‘a hair’s breadth’ of his privates, as he went to sleep in a top bunkbed. Now the Judge sentencing him at the same court has accused of him of showing no remorse. ‘The only regret you feel is towards yourself for having found yourself in the predicament you face as a result of your actions some 14 years ago’, Mr Justice Baker told him. Questions were also raised about the handling of the case by the Conservatives, after the victim says he was told by a spokesman for the party ‘well, you do that’, having informed them about the incident and that he was going to the police three years ago. A police report was made at the time but no further action was taken because the youngster did not want to make a formal complaint. But after Khan’s victory at the December 2019 general election, the man filed an official complaint. Khan has said he will appeal against the conviction and former justice minister Crispin Blunt has repeatedly defended his former colleague, controversially claiming that the disgraced politician did not get a ‘fair trial’. The Tory Party has condemned the views of the MP for Reigate as ‘wholly unacceptable’. Khan, who is gay and Muslim, denied sexual assault, claiming he only touched the Catholic teenager’s elbow when he ‘became extremely upset’ after discussing the boy’s confused sexuality. He claimed he was trying to be ‘kind’ and ‘helpful’, adding that the teenager became upset and ‘bolted’ when the topic of pornography was raised. The jury did not believe him and after around five hours of deliberations found him guilty. The sentencing comes amid the ‘Pestminster scandal’, which has seen various MPs and even cabinet ministers accused of sexual misconduct. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. MORE : Questions over PM’s ‘secret meeting’ with Sue Gray ahead of this week’s report