Justin Thomas produced a record-equalling fightback to win the US PGA Championship at Southern Hills on a play-off. Chile’s Mito Pereira looked set to stun the field and win his first major title but double-bogeyed the 18th after hitting his tee shot into a creek. Pereira’s capitulation opened the door to his rivals and Thomas posted a three-under 67 to finish on five under and force a play-off with fellow American Will Zalatoris. Thomas, who also won this event in 2017, prevailed in the three-hole shootout, making a birdie on the 17th to claim his second major. Having trailed by seven shots at the start of the final round, Thomas’ victory saw him equal the record for the biggest comeback win in a major, with John Mahaffey previously holding the record following his 1978 US PGA victory. ‘It was a bizarre day,’ said Thomas. ‘Bones [Thomas’ caddie] did an unbelievable job of just keeping me in the moment. We just tried to play the golf course for what it is. ‘It’s funny, I was asked earlier in the week about what lead is safe, and I said, “no lead”. This place is so tough. But if you hit the fairways you can make birdies and I stayed so patient, I just couldn’t believe I found myself in a play-off.’ England’s Tommy Fleetwood and Matt Fitzpatrick finished three under, two shots off the lead, while Northern Ireland’s Rory McIlroy was eighth on two under. Overnight leader Pereira, ranked 100th in the world, would have become Chile’s first major winner but blew his chances on the 18th. ‘I don’t know what happened. I thought I hit it really good,’ said the 27-year-old. ‘On Monday, I just wanted to make the cut. On Sunday, I just wanted to win.’ Zalatoris – who was beaten by Thomas in the play-off – added: ‘I’ve been knocking on the door in these majors for a little while and one’s going to come soon. ‘To come up one short, it stings, but I know we’re going to get one soon.’ Meanwhile, Englishman Fitzpatrick admitted his failure to win the PGA Championship was ‘tough to take’ as he carded 73 in the final round to fall out of contention. A level-par 70 would have seen Fitzpatrick post six under and lift the trophy but he struggled on Sunday, finishing joint-fourth. ‘It’s tough to take,’ he said. ‘I just didn’t hit very well, wasn’t a good day. ‘It’s disappointing knowing that you’re two shots outside of a play-off and you feel like you’ve got the game to make the play-off and go on to win. ‘I shoot level par and I win it outright. If someone had said that before the round, I’d have fully prepared myself to do that. You know your target and get it around. It wasn’t the day that I wanted and it is what it is unfortunately.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 