Queen and Diana Ross are set to lead the star-studded concert at Buckingham Palace for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee and we could not be more ready. Will we get a repeat of Brian May on the roof of Buckingham Palace? Only time will tell… The stars will join Alicia Keys and Andrea Bocelli with a pre-recorded performance from Sir Elton John at Buckingham Palace on Saturday June 4 for the big celebration, alongside non-musical guests including  Sir David Attenborough and Stephen Fry. The concert, named the Platinum Party, will last around two and a half hours, celebrating Queen Elizabeth II’s 70 years on the throne, and will be broadcast on the BBC. Guitarist Brian, who previously teased the news of the band’s involvement, said: ’20 years after playing the Queen’s glorious Golden Jubilee we’re very happy to be invited again. ‘Then there was a moment when I wondered… after Buckingham Palace roof where can you go? Well… you will see!’ Queen and Adam Lambert will open the festival, which will see 22,000 people attend, including 10,000 tickets to be released to the general public (while thousands of key workers will also be invited). Alicia will then perform, along with Duran Duran, Hans Zimmer, Ella Eyre, Craig David, Mabel, Elbow, and George Ezra. Eurovision’s Sam Ryder, who made history at the song contest, will also perform. Diana will round out the evening, and said: ‘Her Majesty has and continues to be such an incredible inspiration to so many across the world and I was absolutely delighted to receive an invitation to perform on such a momentous and historic occasion.’ Also set to make an appearance are British legends including Emma Raducanu, David Beckham, Stephen Fry, Dame Julie Andrews, The Royal Ballet and Paralympian swimmer Ellie Simmonds. Meanwhile, musical fans are in luck as Lin Manuel Miranda will also appear, with performances from The Phantom of the Opera, Hamilton, Six, The Lion King and Joseph and the Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat. What more could you want? The concert comes after the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration, which featured appearances from the likes of Tom Cruise and Dame Helen Mirren. The live broadcast also showed moments from history like Elizabeth I’s Tilbury Speech and James I and the Gunpowder Plot and celebrated the Commonwealth, as well as the four nations of the UK. Adjoa Andoh, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Ant and Dec, Dame Joan Collins, Sir Mo Farah, Dame Maureen Lipman, Sir David Jason, Alan Titchmarsh, Dame Kelly Holmes, Moira Stuart and Sir Trevor McDonald were among the celebrities that joined in with the celebrations. There were also performances from The Greatest Showman’s Keala Settle, Gregory Porter and Katherine Jenkins. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Motown legend Diana Ross to headline Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert weeks before Glastonbury performance MORE : Phillip Schofield reveals Tom Cruise ‘caused absolute chaos’ during Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration 