In his latest column, the British boxing legend takes an early look at Canelo vs Golokvin III with the bitter rivals set to meet again in September. This week, another huge fight for 2022 has been confirmed with Canelo Alvarez vs Gennady Golovkin set to meet in their trilogy fight in September. Without a doubt, there is still a huge buzz about that fight. Canelo is coming off that defeat to Dmitry Bivol where he was made look quite ordinary. We never thought we would see Canelo lose a fight again and he was caused so many problems that night. Golovkin is a very different challenge and ultimately, styles make fights. In the world we are in now, where we have YouTubers fighting one of the greatest of all time, and basketball players and MMA fighters getting involved, we must acknowledge boxing has changed so much. But what remains the same is that we are all still in the entertainment business. And for that, you cannot get better than Canelo vs Golovkin. It doesn’t matter if Canelo has just lost, or if maybe Golovkin has seen better days, it is still an incredible fight for boxing and still one of the best fights to be made out there. We are in the entertainment business and when our cup of tea is proper boxing, you don’t get better than that. There have been suggestions out there that this third fight is coming a bit late for Golovkin, that his better years are behind him. But even at the age of 40, he is still delivering. Only last month he went out to Japan and beat a very good fighter in Ryota Murata to unify the IBF and WBA middleweight titles. Sometimes people look too deep into things like this, Golovkin’s age shouldn’t be a factor in the same way that Canelo coming off a loss to Bivol shouldn’t be a factor either. We know it is going to be the fight to watch. Golovkin of course won’t have forgotten what happened in the first two fights. And given what happened to Canelo last time out, he will probably see it as the perfect time to get that revenge. I don’t think Canelo is the type of person to have their head down dwelling on a defeat. But if I was Golovkin, it would put a spring in my step – he might feel this is the time to capitalise if Canelo is at sixes and sevens and there is no better time to be fighting him. Canelo will of course have to shift that Bivol defeat to the back of his mind. I think his defeat to Mayweather was a lot more embarrassing for him. At least with Bivol he has gone up to light-heavyweight, a weight he has never been natural at. That saves him a bit, I think. When we think back to the Mayweather fight where he lost pretty much every round, he came back so strongly. I think that defeat made Canelo. So if he reacts to the Bivol defeat the same way he did to the Mayweather defeat, Golovkin could be in trouble. Hannah Rankin got the win she needed on Fightzone as she defended her world titles in Glasgow earlier this month but there has been lots of concern for her opponent Alejandra Ayala, who was taken to hospital as a result of injuries suffered that night. Alejandra was placed in an induced coma and underwent surgery. But there was great news this week with it announced Alejandra has regained consciousness and is now on the mend in hospital. It is a scary thing that can happen in any fight, anywhere. But it is a credit to the medical staff in Glasgow that night and the British Boxing Board of Control for being so well prepared. We remember what happened all those years ago with Michael Watson. Thankfully, now if problems do occur, fighters are going to get fantastic medical treatment straight away which is now being provided at every fight in the event of something like this happening. It is reassuring for boxers and fight fans, boxing in the UK has come a long way in that respect and at events the medical staff are present and ready for anything. I think the Board have done a fantastic job. And credit must go to Hannah Rankin too, there has been no celebration her end, there has been so much concern and all her thoughts have been with her opponent who is thankfully doing better. I wish Alejandra a speedy recovery. Ricky Hatton vs Marco Antonio Barrera will take place at the AO Arena in Manchester on Saturday 2 July. For tickets head to HattonBarrera.com MORE : Canelo Alvarez confirms he will fight Gennady Golovkin in September before pursuing Dmitry Bivol rematch MORE : Billy Joe Saunders ‘miles off’ return with Ben Shalom hoping Chris Eubank Jr will challenge for world title next For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 