Just in case you were feeling pretty good about getting back to normal after the last two years, Bill Gates has some news for you. The former world’s richest man and somewhat expert on global pandemics says that Covid-19 is far from over. In fact, the Microsoft co-founder says ‘we haven’t even seen the worst of it.’ Speaking to the Financial Times, Gates pointed out the risk of a more dangerous variant is ever-present. And he says that the next one could be even worse. ‘We’re still at risk of this pandemic generating a variant that would be even more transmissive and even more fatal,’ the philanthropist said. Since leaving the tech industry, Bill Gates has become a bit of an expert on diseases, working to end polio and malaria with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. He has also written a book called How to Prevent the Next Pandemic. Earlier this year, the foundation pledged $150 million (£110 million) to the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovation (CEPI). The money is going towards helping to fight against Covid and also prepare for any future pandemics we may encounter. CEPI is partly responsible for the intiative to distribute Covid vaccines across the developing world and it also funded development of the AstraZeneca and Moderna vaccines. According to Gates, the planet needs to urgenty develop long-lasting vaccines to block infection. He also recommends the creation of two teams, the first to identify threats and the second to respond to them. His idea of a global epidemic response team would be managed by the World Health Organisation and benefit from the extra investment. ‘It seems wild to me that we could fail to look at this tragedy and not, on behalf of the citizens of the world, make these investments,’; he said. Addressing a TED Talk five years ago, Gates, 64, warned the next ‘global catastrophe’ would not be caused by war, but by a virus. He said: ‘If anything kills over 10 million people in the next few decades, it’s most likely to be a highly infectious virus rather than a war – not missiles, but microbes.’ ‘Part of the reason for this is we have invested a huge amount in nuclear deterrents, but we’ve actually invested very little in a system to stop an epidemic. ‘We’re not ready for the next epidemic.’ Citing the Ebola outbreak, he highlighted how the world was ‘far slower than we should have been’ due to the lack of personnel and epidemiologists ready to go, describing it as a ‘global failure.’ In a 2017 op-ed for Business Insider, Gates reinforced this message, saying a fast-moving airborne pathogen could kill tens of millions of people in a worst-case scenario. ‘Whether it occurs by a quirk of nature or at the hand of a terrorist, epidemiologists say a fast-moving airborne pathogen could kill more than 30 million people in less than a year, he wrote. ‘And they say there is a reasonable probability the world will experience such an outbreak in the next 10-15 years.’ Bill Gates pointed out that, had Covid 19 not come along, his TED talk would have been a pretty obscure one. As it is, the talk has been viewed more than 43 million times. MORE : Plastic-destroying enzyme could eliminate billions of tonnes of waste, scientists say MORE : Xbox Series X stock shortages to end as Microsoft pay to increase production 