Love Island stars Kaz Kamwi and Liberty Poole are said to be ‘shaken up’ after reportedly being held at knifepoint in Los Angeles. The reality stars, who struck up a close friendship while appearing in the 2021 series of the ITV2 dating show, are currently on holiday in the US after attending the Coachella music festival in California last month. However, their idyllic getaway reportedly turned into a nightmare when they were approached by a 40-year-old woman wielding a knife. Kaz, 26, and Liberty, 22, were on their way to a party when they got out of their car in the ‘wrong part of the neighbourhood’, a source claimed. ‘Out of the blue, this woman appeared with a knife and threatened them,’ the insider revealed. They added to The Sun: ‘Liberty and Kaz were obviously shocked and terrified — especially because guns are legal in the US. ‘But fortunately for them, two men who had been walking past came to their rescue and called the police. ‘The girls have been left shaken up by the incident and are just surprised that it happened to them.’ The pair were said to be ‘grateful’ that the two men jumped in to help them, but are now ‘determined to put the scary incident behind them for the rest of their once-in-a-lifetime trip’. Kaz and Liberty became fan-favourite contestants during the last series of Love Island, with viewers falling in love with their friendship and rooting for their individual dating journeys in the villa. Liberty immediately struck up a connection with Jake Cornish in the villa, with the pair becoming an official couple early on in the series. However, their relationship began to crack near the finish line when Liberty realised they weren’t compatible, and decided to leave on her own. Meanwhile Kaz had a whirlwind and turbulent romance with Tyler Cruickshank, who made a beeline for her after entering as a bombshell. Following a rocky patch post-Casa Amor, Kaz and Tyler decided to stay coupled up and they sailed through the finale. They finished in fourth place and became an official couple outside of the villa, but they split not long after. Metro.co.uk reached out to Liberty’s reps who declined to comment, and have also contacted Kaz’s representative. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicola Peltz and Brooklyn Beckham share glimpse of wedding rings while holding hands on New York outing MORE : Phoebe Bridgers sparks engagement rumours after ‘calling Paul Mescal her ‘fiancé’ 