Beat The Chasers has Bradley Walsh in shock tonight after a guest reveals she once featured in a question on The Chase. Lynn Barton, who was the first female pilot employed by British Airways in 1987, is one of the contestants taking on Darragh Ennis, Mark Labbett, Jenny Ryan, Issa Schultz and Shaun Wallace, hoping to win big money. In an exclusive clip shared with Metro.co.uk ahead of Tuesday night’s show, Lynn explains to host Bradley that she spent the last five years of her career working as a pilot on a jumbo before making the surprise admission. ‘When you’re at home do you ever leave the landing light on?’ Bradley jokes, causing the audience to erupt into laughter while The Beast cringes. ‘That’s the best gag of the night!’ Bradley retorts before adding: ‘Did you ever find yourself wondering through the jumbo and you’re at the bar having a gin and you look and thing, I should be flying this.’ It’s at this moment that Lynn drops the clanger. ‘No,’ she replies, adding that the head barman at British Airways did name a drink after her. ‘Another high point, of course, I did feature in a question on The Chase years ago,’ she continues. Brad’s jaw drops to the floor as he replies stunningly: ‘No you didn’t!’ ‘It was a cash builder where you asked, what Lynn Barton was the first person to do on British Airways in 1987?’ she explains. ‘And, of course, the answer was become a female pilot.’ Lynn started flying the Boeing 747 with British Airways and duly became the airline’s first female pilot on 31 October 1987, aged 30. Two other female pilots also joined BA around this time and flew smaller airliners. In 2008, Lynn was the first pilot to fly an aircraft into London Heathrow Terminal 5. She retired from her profession in 2016. Viewers will have to sit tight to see whether Lynn will be able to outsmart the Chasers though… Beat The Chasers airs tonight at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 