Kate Moss is reportedly set to testify that Johnny Depp ‘caught her and tended to her’ when she fell down the stairs during their relationship. The model, 48, has been called as a witness in the £50million defamation trial with Depp’s ex-wife Amber Heard, 36. Depp, 58, had brought the case against Heard following a 2018 op-ed in which she wrote about her experience as a survivor of domestic violence, which the actor says impacted his career. During the trial, Heard had brought up Moss in her testimony, saying she felt connected to the model due to a rumour that Depp pushed her down the stairs when they were dating between 1994 and 1997. By mentioning Moss and the alleged incident, Heard inadvertently allowed Depp’s lawyers to call the model as a witness to discuss the incident, which sources say is not true. After Heard mentioned Moss’s name in court, Depp’s legal team were seen excitedly celebrating as they were able to call her as a witness to give her account of what happened during the alleged incident. While Moss famously does not speak publicly about her personal life, she is expected to take the stand on Wednesday to testify publicly in support of Depp. According to reports from the New York Post, Moss is expected to shut down rumours that Depp pushed her down the stairs. Their source claims: ‘She was wearing flip flops and she slipped on the last two stairs. Johnny caught her and tended to her.’ Heard had referred to Moss on the stand on May 5, when she told the court about an alleged fight in March 2015 in which she punched Depp in the face over fears he would push her sister Whitney down the stairs. She told the court: ‘[Whitney’s] back was to the staircase, and Johnny swings at her. I don’t hesitate, I don’t wait – I just, in my head, instantly think of Kate Moss and stairs – and I swung at him.’ Heard’s team also announced yesterday that they had changed their minds about calling Depp back to the witness stand for further questioning, adding: ‘Everything Depp has testified up to this point has been irrelevant to the heart of this case, and there’s no reason to believe it would be any different now.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Kate Moss testifying in bombshell defamation case against Amber Heard MORE : Why is Kate Moss testifying in the Amber Heard and Johnny Depp defamation trial? 