Well, the day has arrived: the high-profile legal battle between Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy is here, with Rooney and Vardy both seen arriving to court for what has been dubbed the Wagatha Christie trial. Rooney was first to arrive at the Royal Courts of Justice in London on Tuesday, wearing a medical boot on her left foot. Dress in a black blazer and trousers, she was accompanied by her husband Wayne, in a grey jacket, as they made their way into the courts for what is expected to be a seven-day trial in front of Mrs Justice Steyn. Vardy was also seen arriving, dressed in a navy dress and sunglasses with a handbag slung over her forearm. In October 2019 Rooney accused fellow WAG Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the media, after she said she carried out a months-long ‘sting operation’. The wife of former England star Wayne Rooney was dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie’ when she publicly claimed her fellow footballer’s wife shared three fake stories she’d planted on her personal Instagram account, that only Vardy’s account was able to see, with The Sun newspaper. These fake stories included Rooney travelling to Mexico for a ‘gender selection’ procedure, her planning to return to TV, as well as the basement flooding at her home. Rooney wrote on social media at the time: ‘I have saved and screenshotted all the original stories which clearly show just one person has viewed them. ‘It’s ………. Rebekah Vardy’s account.’ At the time, Rooney’s post was widely shared and heavily parodied on social media, including by the Twitter account of Jeremy Corbyn, then-leader of the Labour Party. Vardy, who is married to Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy, denies the accusations and is suing Rooney for libel. Under English defamation law, the burden of proof now will be on Rooney to prove that her post was ‘substantially true’. Now the full trial is expected to begin following months of preliminary hearings – none of which have been attended by either Vardy or Rooney. The case first went to court in November 2020, with a judge finding that Rooney’s post ‘clearly identified’ Vardy as being ‘guilty of the serious and consistent breach of trust’. The judge, now Lord Justice Warby, also said that ‘the element of suspense introduced by the multiple dots seems to me designed to raise expectations of a dramatic revelation’. Since then, several hearings have taken place to prepare for the trial, including one where texts between Vardy and agent Caroline Watt emerged, in one of which Vardy called someone a ‘nasty bitch’. In February, Rooney’s barrister David Sherborne told the High Court that a ‘series of unfortunate events’ have happened over the evidence in the case, notably Watt’s phone falling into the North Sea. Vardy’s lawyers have said she has ‘nothing to hide’. Just last week the High Court was told by Mr Sherborne that Vardy ‘appears to accept’ that Watt was the source of leaked stories about Rooney that were published in The Sun newspaper. Rooney’s lawyers had previously claimed Vardy leaked information to The Sun either directly or via Watt ‘acting on her instruction or with her knowing approval’. Sherborne, Rooney’s lawyer, claimed that Vardy believes Watt may have been the source of the stories in the latest witness statement. In written submissions, Sherborne said Vardy’s new statement ‘suggests Ms Watt was the source of the leak but claims that (Mrs Vardy) “did not authorise or condone her”‘. He added: ‘It now appears…that she too “believes” that Ms Watt is the source.’ However Hugh Tomlinson QC, for Vardy, told the court that his client’s new witness statement did not contain ‘any change whatever in the pleaded case’. Watt had been due to give evidence in the trial, but was recently found to be ‘not fit’ to take part, also withdrawing her written evidence. Mr Tomlinson said: ‘We simply don’t know what the true position is in relation to Ms Watt… She’s not communicating with anybody.’