You’ve heard of chocolate box cottages, but have you heard of a teapot cottage? Tea Caddy is a quaint property in Higham, West Sussex, that does exactly what it says on the tin; shaped like a giant pot with rounded external and internal walls. It truly looks like something from a storybook, but one lucky buyer will be able to make it their reality, as Tea Caddy has just gone on the market for a guide price of £650,000. The Grade II Listed house is believed to have been built in 1818 by a member of the Wedgwood family to resemble the humble tea receptacle. It boasts two bedrooms, two bathrooms, and a kitchen, sitting room, and utility room, set over two floors and on 0.25 acres of land. This place has bags of character, with features like Gothic shutter windows, stable doors, and exposed beams adding to its fairytale charm. The kitchen at Tea Caddy was hand-built, featuring marble worktops and ornate carpentry complimenting the rounded walls of the room. It may be difficult to hang artwork in some of these curved rooms, but you’ve got all your home comforts covered, from a freestanding bath to modern electric radiators and appliances. Or in lieu of wall coverings, you can always look out onto the picturesque landscaped garden that’s been planted with holly, camellia, and plenty of greenery. As for the location, you’re right in the heart of the Stour Valley Nature Reserve. Local wildlife include kingfishers and otters, and you can spend hours roaming the woodlands and meadows nearby. You’re not too far out into the countryside, either. Colchester and Ipswich are in easy reach via the A12, and trains from Colchester and Manningtree stations will get you into London Liverpool Street in just 55 minutes. Tom Orford of Savills Ipswich, who is marketing Tea Caddy, said: ‘This has to be one of the prettiest cottages that exists in the Stour Valley. ‘I love how close you are to the train station and the surrounding countryside is stunning.’ Whoever the new owner is, they best enjoy a good cuppa. For more information on Tea Caddy and to enquire to view, visit the Savills website now. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to soothe dry and irritated eyes MORE : Two brothers become first-time dads just hours apart