Police have been urged not to turn a ‘blind eye’ to shoplifters stealing food, despite conflicting advice over the last week. Kit Malthouse, a minister across the Home Office and Ministry of Justice, says officers should work without ‘fear or favour’. He was speaking in response to comments made by Andy Cooke, head of the policing inspectorate. The top copper had discussed the cost of living crisis, and suggested police could use ‘discretion’ in response to people stealing food out of financial desperation. Mr Cooke said there were ‘no two ways about’ increased poverty leading to increased crime.’ But Mr Malthouse has branded his suggestion ‘old-fashioned thinking.’ He told LBC Radio: ‘We first of all believe the law should be blind and police officers should operate without fear or favour in prosecution of the law. ‘Secondly it’s not quite right to say that as the economy fluctuates so does crime. We’ve seen economic problems in the past, or not, when crime has risen, or not.’ Asked if ministers will ensure police do not turn a blind eye to shoplifters stealing food, he replied: ‘Absolutely right. In fact I wrote to chief constables just a year or so ago saying they should not be ignoring those seemingly small crimes.’ Mr Malthouse has insisted to various media outlets the Government is working to support families affected by the cost of living crisis. He told Times Radio: ‘It still doesn’t mean that we can solve every problem, it’s still going to be hard, it’s going to be tough for families, and what we have to hope is that this storm of inflation will pass quite quickly.’ His comments came as inflation hit a 40-year high as food and energy prices soar. Mr Cooke, who has worked in policing since 1985, had spoken to the Guardian about potential leniency moving forward through the crisis. But he said he was not ‘giving a carte blanche for people to go out shoplifting’, but wanted officers to ensure cases were ‘dealt with in the best way possible’. He added: ‘I think whenever you see an increase in the cost of living or whenever you see more people dropping into poverty, I think you’ll invariably see a rise in crime. ‘And that’s going to be a challenge for policing to deal with.’ Over the last 12 months, prices rose to 9%, up from 7% last March. It is the highest level of inflation the UK has seen since 1982. Last night, Rishi Sunak has warned of ‘tough’ months ahead for Brits grappling with the living cost crisis. He said: ‘Our role in Government is to cut costs for families. I cannot pretend this will be easy. ‘The next few months will be tough, but where we can act, we will.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.