Boris Johnson has vowed to help break Russia’s ‘despicable blockade’, which is forcing up global food prices. Vital Ukrainian exports of grain and other products are stuck in limbo because they can’t be shipped through the Black Sea. Its agriculture industry – one of the world’s biggest producers of wheat, corn and sunflower oil – is pivotal in the global food trade. Vladimir Putin, whose ships have taken control of Ukraine’s southern coast and threaten anything leaving its ports, has been accused of forcing hunger on developing countries. The prime minister spoke to his counterpart in Ukraine today and said a solution was being sought to end the crisis. It was previously reported the UN is involved in brokering a deal with Moscow to allow the ships carrying food products to move freely again. A Downing Street spokesperson said: ‘The leaders spoke about Putin’s despicable blockade of Odesa, Ukraine’s biggest shipping port. ‘The prime minister outlined to president Zelensky the intensive work taking place with international partners to find ways to resume the export of grain from Ukraine to avert a global food crisis. ‘He said that the UK would work with G7 partners to push for urgent progress. ‘The leaders agreed next steps and the imperative for Russia to relax its blockade and allow safe shipping lanes.’ Mr Johnson has previously ruled out using Royal Navy vessels to clear the Black Sea of mines, saying it would not be permitted under international law. He told Bloomberg: ‘I think there is an absolutely appalling situation, which is when so much of the world is facing food price inflation, if not actual shortages of food, caused by what’s going on in Ukraine, caused by Putin’s war of choice. ‘He decided to invade Ukraine, he had no reason to do it and it is he who is making it difficult to get 25 million tons of grain from those Black Sea ports, particularly from Odesa. ‘Twenty-five million tons is equivalent to the entire grain consumption of the poorest countries in the world, and we’ve got to get it out.’ Russia has signalled it is seeking to have sanctions on its economy eased in return for allowing the grain to leave Ukraine’s ports. The Kremlin has suggested the blockade could be relaxed in return for international sanctions. Invading forces have continued to make slow, grinding progress in the east of Ukraine, capturing several small cities and towns. Fighting is focussed on the battle for control of Sievierodonetsk and nearby Lysychansk, the last two areas held by Kyiv’s forces in Luhansk. The oblast’s governor, Serhiy Haidai, has warned that Ukrainian soldiers may have to retreat from Sievierodonetsk to avoid being surrounded. The Ukrainian government has warned the West that unless its troops are supplied with more advanced weapons, it will not be able to halt the Russian advance. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.