Boris Johnson’s premiership has been dealt another blow after the long-awaited Sue Gray report revealed the extent of partying in Downing Street in detail. The senior civil servant has specifically attacked ‘senior leaders’ in government, saying they must ‘bear responsibility’ for the culture which led to Covid lockdown rules being broken. Newly released pictures show the prime minister and Chancellor Rishi Sunak gathered with other staff on Mr Johnson’s birthday, which both politicians got fined for. Uncovered emails show one top official boasting that staff had ‘got away with drinks’, while multiple examples of ‘unacceptable’ treatment of security and cleaning staff were found. One staffer was ‘sick’ following heavy alcohol consumption and there was a ‘minor altercation between two other individuals’ at a karaoke leaving do on 18 June 2020. It has been revealed that the e-mail inviting people the 20 May, 2020 ‘bring your own booze’ garden party at Downing Street went out to 200 staff rather than the 100 previously reported. A No10 special advisor messaged top aide Martin Reynolds beforehand saying: ‘Just to flag that the press conference will probably be finishing around that time, so helpful if people can be mindful of that as speakers and cameras are leaving, not walking around waving bottles of wine etc.’ Former communications director Lee Cain responded by emailing Mr Reynolds saying ‘I’m sure it will be fine – and I applaud the gesture’ – but warned ‘a 200 odd person invitation for drinks in the garden of no 10 is somewhat of a comms risk’. He claimed he later advised cancellation of the event, although Mr Reynolds said he had no recollection of this conversation. On another occasion, Mr Reynolds – who quit his job in February – emailed an advisor saying: ‘A complete non story but better than them focusing on our drinks (which we seem to have got away with)’. Mr Reynolds also invited staff to the PM’s birthday party on 19 June 2020, writing: ‘We are having sandwiches and cake in the Cabinet room so do come along and wish the PM happy birthday.’ Revealing allegations of ‘a lack of respect’ for cleaning and security staff, Ms Gray wrote: ‘I found that some staff had witnessed or been subjected to behaviours at work which they had felt concerned about but at times felt unable to raise properly.’ Staff carried on drinking in Number 10 until the early hours at parties on the eve of the Duke of Edinburgh’s funeral, with the last person not leaving until 4.20am, the report said. They ‘drank excessively’ at the Downing Street Christmas party on December 18 2020, and a cleaner found red wine was spilled on one wall the next morning Boris Johnson joined five special advisers in a mid-lockdown event with ‘food and alcohol’ in his Downing Street flat on the evening of the announcement of Dominic Cummings’ departure, it has been confirmed. Ms Gray initially probed the gathering but abandoned the work having only collected ‘limited’ information after the Metropolitan Police began their investigation. Mr Johnson was not fined for this event. The British civil servant also halted her investigation into a 13 November 2020 event in Mr Johnson’s flat at which Abba tunes were reportedly blasted. Her report acknowledged ‘many will be dismayed that behaviour of this kind took place on this scale at the heart of Government’ and said ‘what happened fell well short’ of the standards expected. Some of the more junior officials who attended parties ‘believed that their involvement in some of these events was permitted given the attendance of senior leaders’, Ms Gray noted. The document concluded: ‘The whole of the country rose to the challenge. Ministers, special advisers and the Civil Service, of which I am proud to be a part, were a key and dedicated part of that national effort. ‘However, as I have noted, a number of these gatherings should not have been allowed to take place or to develop in the way that they did. ‘There is significant learning to be drawn from these events which must be addressed immediately across Government.  This does not need to wait for the police investigations to be concluded.’ No 10 has released a picture of Mr Johnson reading the report, while he will address Parliament and hold a press conference this afternoon. The findings are likely to pile yet more pressure on the him to resign after months of scandal around the partygate saga, which has dogged his leadership. It comes after an investigation from the Metropolitan Police saw Downing Street and Whitehall become the most fined location in the UK. A total of 83 people received at least one fixed-penalty notice (FPN) each for attending events on eight separate days. Mr Johnson became the first sitting PM in history to be found to have broken the law. He broke the very legislation that he created – which millions of British people painstakingly followed, with many not seeing loved ones before they died and attending funerals on Zoom. Shocking photos of parties emerged in the days before the report, showing Mr Johnson toasting staff and tables full of booze. A previous report suggested officers investigated the Tory leader over just two lockdown-breaking gatherings. A source told The Sunday Times Ms Gray was ‘surprised’ he escaped with one fixed penalty notice. They said: ‘Sue is not a lawyer but in her opinion the birthday party was the least egregious event she has looked into.’ The PM is now facing fresh claims he misled the Commons by repeatedly denying coronavirus rules had been broken in Downing Street. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.