Harrowing new video footage shows children jumping out of windows and running after a gunman opened fire in Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas one week ago. The chaotic footage reveals police officers breaking windows to help children escape as an 18-year-old gunman barricaded himself inside a classroom, killing 19 children and two teachers. In the video, which was obtained by Good Morning America, dozens of children can be seen being lifted out of the windows by police officers before running away from the building. Later in the footage, officers can be seen guiding the children, who are mostly running in a sprint, away from the building. Apparent dispatch audio attached to the video shows an emergency services worker informing officers of a child inside the building who had called 911. ‘We do have a child on the line,’ the dispatcher says. ‘Room 12, are we able to … is anybody inside the building at this time?’ The dispatcher continued: ‘The child is advising he is in the room, full of victims. Full of victims at this moment.’ The disturbing video footage comes as the US Justice Department says it will conduct a review of police response to the massacre. ‘The goal of the review is to provide an independent account of law enforcement actions and responses that day, and to identify lessons learned and best practices to help first responders prepare for and respond to active shooter events,’ DOJ spokesman Anthony Coley said in a statement. Law enforcement in Texas have come under scrutiny for their response to the shooting, which left 21 dead, including 19 fourth grade students and their two teachers. Police officials have faced backlash for their response after it was learned that the gunman spent over an hour inside the school before he was killed by a tactical unit of Border Patrol agents. At least 19 local and federal police officers were outside the school during most of his attack, and did not take action. Officers responding to the shooting had acted on bad information from the school district’s police chief. The police chief had determined that the situation had shifted from an active shooter to a barricaded suspect, believing no children were in danger. Because of this, he thought there would be time to retrieve keys to the classroom door from a janitor and for the Border Patrol team to arrive and enter the classroom behind shields. Both the tactical team and other law enforcement officials were told at first not to engage with the gunman, McCraw said. As a result students were locked inside the classroom with the gunman for at least 77 minutes. Numerous 911 calls were made from students locked in the classroom, who begged for help while officers waited outside the building. The DOJ probe comes at the request of Uvalde’s mayor, Don McLaughlin. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.