Helen Skelton’s estranged husband is said to have gone on holiday with his new love interest just days after news of their split emerged, it’s been reported. The Countryfile presenter, 38, announced last week that she is no longer a couple with her husband, Rugby League star Richie Myler, 31, with whom she shares three children. After reports emerged that Richie ‘is in the very early stages of a relationship’ with someone new, insiders have since claimed that he dropped by the family home last week to collect his passport. ‘He said he was going on holiday,’ an insider has claimed. ‘It’s thought he’s taken his new missus so they can be out of the public eye. ‘Helen’s holding it together well, which is admirable given she was blindsided by his new relationship.’ The source continued to The Sun: ‘Mutual friends think he’s treated her appallingly. ‘It’s a shock to them that he’s moved on so soon after she announced the marriage was over.’ Helen announced last week that she and her husband are ‘no longer a couple’. The Blue Peter star announced the news in a post on her Instagram stories, writing: ‘Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. ‘He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co-parent our small children.’ Helen and Richie have three children – sons Ernie and Louis, and baby daughter Elsie Kate, who was born in December last year. It’s not known what caused the split. Speaking to Hello! magazine in January, Helen said: ‘I was convinced I was having a girl. Now I am totally embracing the pink. With a rugby player and two feral boys, my world is testosterone-filled enough.’ The couple married in December 2013. Sources have since claimed that it’s unlikely Helen and Richie will reconcile, stating: ‘It’s so sad, but friends don’t think there is a way back for them. ‘She’s really sad about it. Friends are really worried for her, but there is no way back sadly.’ Richie is yet to speak out about the split. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Richie and Helen for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 