Top Gun: Maverick star Glen Powell has come out in full support of the men who are sharing their experiences crying at the cinema as they watch the blockbuster for the first time. The actor retweeted a post from a viewer on opening day who wrote: ‘Top Gun: Maverick; shout out to the guy next to me who’s [sic] girlfriend made fun of him for crying at the end.’ The 33-year-old, who plays Lt. Jake ‘Hangman’ Seresin in the film, which is receiving rave reviews, gave his own thoughts on the tweet, and added: ‘Top Gun: Maverick should be a safe place for man-tears.’ Well, quite! His response then inspired a thread of wholesome tweets as fans shared what had made them misty eyed – or indeed, induced full-on sobbing. ‘Yeah, I cried,’ admitted Deadpool writer and producer Rhett Reese while another fan gushed: ‘Oh by the end I was literally bawling my eyes out! There were a lot of man-tears all through out, lots of laughs and goosebumps too! ‘That’s a helluva good movie y’all did!,’ they added. ‘If you DIDN’T get a touch of the feels w/ Mav and Iceman, you’re probably an undercover android,’ said another viewer, referencing actor Val Kilmer’s emotional return to the franchise after starring opposite Tom Cruise in the 1986 original. In the intervening years he has battled throat cancer and lost his voice as a result. ‘Man tears-a-plenty in the screening I was at,’ piped up one fan while one joked about having ‘trouble eating popcorn and drinking tears’.      ‘Went with my dad and brother. We all teared up at the beautiful ending and shared an incredible bonding moment. If you’re close with male family members watch this movie with them,’ urged another. A Twitter user who said they had personal experience in the US Navy wrote of how they were moved personally by the film and its accuracy of spirit. ‘I cried for sure brought back so many memories for me as a navy vet who worked on the flight deck. Well done,’ they replied to Powell’s tweet. Top Gun: Maverick is in cinemas now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Jon Hamm is ‘on the list’ for Tom Cruise’s famous cakes and they’re, unsurprisingly, the ‘best’ cakes he’s ever eaten MORE : Porridge actress Patricia Brake dies aged 79 after long cancer battle 