A banker has been accused of ‘trespassing’ by her millionaire neighbours – in a legal row over a loft extension. Liz and Adam Peck, who own a £1.5 million home in East Dulwich, say Debbie Ranford’s work has caused damage to their flat. The couple have demanded it either be torn down, or that they be paid compensation for the alleged damage. Mrs Peck, who runs a gender-neutral children’s clothing business, and Mr Peck, a singer-songwriter, say Mrs Ranford’s extension caused a ‘big crack’ in their wall and has caused water to leak into their home. They are now suing their neighbour at Central London Country Court. The conversion was built in 2014 after Mrs Ranford received consent from her neighbours, the court heard. But Mrs Peck, 49, told the court the banker had instructed contractors to ‘build on the boundary line’ and ‘encroach onto their property to join the dormers.’ But Mrs Ranford said this was ‘unavoidable’. The court was told the neighbours had once enjoyed good relations and, in 2014, Mrs Peck had even been given a torchlit tour of the extension after a dinner party. But animosity grew as the years progressed. Mrs Peck told Judge Simon Monty QC there had been an understanding a gap would be left between Mrs Ranford’s loft conversion and her neighbour’s similar extension, to allow for maintenance work. Mrs Peck said: ‘We had no awareness that next door had built up and onto our property. ‘To see that, you have to be right at the end of our garden. Given the party wall notice we had signed, we had no cause to check on the works.’ Her husband added: ‘It was quite a shock to understand and discover that something very different had been built.’ Representing the couple, barrister Richard Egleton claimed the work had resulted in ‘clear trespass’ and that it should be dismantled. He told the court: ‘The claimants also contend that the works have interfered with the structural integrity of their property and caused damage in that in 2015, and again in 2018, they experienced leaks and cracks in the party wall at first floor level. The damage amounts to a nuisance.’ Mrs Ranford has previously unsuccessfully tried to sell her flat twice, the court heard. Giving evidence herself, the banker said fire regulations and weather proofing made it ‘unavoidable’ for the work to be carried out in any other way. She claimed none of two-storey flat’s actual extension infringes on the Pecks’ ‘side’ and that only ‘infill’ material overlapped between the two properties – to join and weather-proof the extensions. Mrs Ranford told the judge: ‘We have not crossed over the wall in terms of our building. ‘The only overlapping part beyond the party wall is for the purpose of weather proofing.’ She added: ‘The pragmatic solution is to appoint a surveyor to advise us on a next step. We were always willing to follow a joint surveyor.’ The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.