Residents of a Welsh village have been told not to brush their teeth using tap water after it is believed algae was detected in the system. Letters were sent to people in St Athan, in the Vale of Glamorgan, telling them not to drink the water or give it to their pets yesterday. Instead, the residents of the two streets affected were told water would be brought to their homes. However, some people living there and pictures show they are having to take it from collection points instead. Derek Willmot told Metro.co.uk the water issue is believed to stem from rogue algae in the water supply. He added: ‘The issue is affecting ex-MOD houses in what’s known as the East Vale. ‘Large quantities of bottled water have been delivered today which is good, as last night it was as bit fraught. I don’t think the company had prepared for the enormity of the situation.’ One resident, Holly Darch spoke of the confusion as people lined up in the streets to receive their water supplies. She said: ‘The letter said we would receive the bottled water at our address, but then we found out via a Facebook post that we had to go to collection points. ‘We haven’t been told what’s wrong with the water as they are still investigating, but we only found out there was a problem this afternoon, so everyone has been using the water all day, which is worrying.’ On Facebook, residents also voiced confusion. Ben Sprudd wrote: ‘The residents of our estate have no clue what is going on. You would think there would be some organisation by the management team or the water company themselves.’ In a letter dated May 12, Ancala Water Services apologised for the trouble caused. The letter stated: ‘IMPORTANT: DO NOT DRINK OR COOK WITH TAP WATER SUPPLIED TO THIS BUILDING. ‘Routine sampling of the water supplied in your area has identified that it is not meeting the high standards required, until further notice, therefore, please follow the advice below.’ Residents were therefore told not to drink tap water, not to use it to cook with, not to brush their teeth with it and, finally, not to feed it to pets. It is however, safe to do laundry and to bathe or wash in the water. Metro.co.uk has contacted Ancala Water Services for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.