Kim Jong-un is cracking down on the ‘dangerous influence of pop culture’ in North Korea. The Socialist Patriotic Youth League in the country is now carrying out inspections to warn people against wearing ‘capitalist’ clothing rather than traditional dress. Although Kim himself has been seen wearing leather jackets, the state is urging the public to conform with new rules. Western clothing brands are banned, as are tight trousers, dyed hair and facial piercings. A source told Daily NK: ‘The crackdowns are being carried out by members of inspection teams selected from the Socialist Patriotic Youth League branches in each district of the city.’ Punishments for breaking the rules include writing letters of apology and pledging never to repeat the fashion mistakes. Lectures advising people to wear traditional dress started last month in the North Hamgyong province. Young people are also reportedly being stopped at random in the street to examine their phones, where they are questioned about what videos they are watching and what music they are listening to. Daily NK also reported a student from Pyongyang Medical University, aged in his 20s, was stopped by an inspection team in the street on April 21. The report said his phone was looked at for around 30 minutes and he was banned from lectures and forced to write apology letters daily after being found to be listening to a song from South Korea. The case has been referred to court and how he obtained the song is being investigated. The North Korean leader recently warned the country would use nuclear weapons ‘pre-emptively’ in response to ‘threatening moves’. The official Korean Central News Agency reported on Saturday Kim claimed his nuclear military would be able to ‘pre-emptively and thoroughly contain and frustrate all dangerous attempts and threatening moves, including ever-escalating nuclear threats from hostile forces, if necessary’. He held a late-night military parade last week, where he showed off North Korea’s array of tanks and missiles. At the event, he said his dictatorship would continue to ‘strengthen and develop its nuclear forces at the maximum speed’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.