Fans of Wireless Festival were left fuming after Chris Brown was announced as part of the line-up, in his first UK festival show in 12 years. The singer, 33, is said to have been banned from many countries, including the UK, after assaulting Rihanna in 2009, with his visa reportedly being denied when he tried to enter the UK in 2010. However, the ban appears to have been lifted in recent years, with Chris being spotted in London in 2020 and popping up at WizKid’s show at London’s O2 in November. The singer has yet to appear at his own show or festival in the UK since the incident, but was announced for the Wireless Festival line-up on Wednesday. Chris will be taking the stage at Wireless at Crystal Palace in London on July 1, and in Birmingham in July 9. Wireless announced the news, tweeting: ‘You asked? We deliver…ALWAYS  For the first time in 12 years… @chrisbrown will return to the UK to shut down Crystal Palace and Birmingham.’ While some were excited at the return, most were not happy with Chris being added to the line-up. They tweeted: ‘no one asked for this we actually asked that you didn’t do this’ and ‘All the people who love Chris Brown have short memories.’ Others added: ‘Bruh I didn’t ask for this’, ‘no one wanted him at crystal palace’ and ‘no one asked actually’. One fan commented: ‘Really disappointing to see someone like Chris Brown still given the platform to perform. He does not fit the Crystal Palace lineup at all, considering selling my ticket now.’ Many also pointed out that Chris has been put on the same date as Rihanna’s current boyfriend and the father of her child, A$AP Rocky. A$AP Rocky is the headliner for Friday at Crystal Palace, with Chris in the second spot on the roster. Wireless Festival is set to take place between July 1-3 at Crystal Palace and July 8-10 in Finsbury Park and Birmingham. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dave to be joined by Cardi B, ASAP Rocky, Nicki Minaj and other US rap heavyweights as headliners at Wireless festival 2022 MORE : Chris Brown performs in London for first time in 12 years as Wizkid’s special guest 