Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker are enjoying the lead-up to their wedding in style, hopping on a yacht – as you do. The couple, who are already legally married, are in Italy ahead of their big ceremony and celebration. Clearly having a blast, the pair were spotted enjoying drinks together on the yacht, as well as sharing a kiss ahead of their big day. The couple were also seen cruising on a speed boat as they enjoyed the sights around the Abbey of San Fruttuoso on the Italian Riviera. They donned some unique pre-wedding looks, with Kourtney, 43, looking bridal in a Gothic black minidress with an image of the Virgin Mary in the front as well as black strappy heels and elbow-length gloves, topping off the ensemble with a short black veil with a blue lace trim. Travis, 46, was previously seen in a long black number, but switched it up for the boat trip, going shirtless with his famous tattoos on show. As for what they’ll wear for the huge event, only time will tell. The Kardashian-Jenner clan are in Italy ahead of the big day, with Kris Jenner, Kim Kardashian, Khloe Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, and Kylie Jenner all spotted heading out for dinner in the village of Portofino. Kourtney and Blink-182 drummer Travis have been friends for years, but started sparking dating rumours in 2019. In February 2021, they made things Instagram official and, in October, got engaged after the musician popped the question on a gorgeous romantic beach setting. The pair seem very ready to tie the knot – not only have they had a ‘practice’ wedding in Las Vegas with an Elvis impersonator (although they couldn’t get a marriage licence that time), they also got married legally in Santa Barbara last week in a small ceremony. However, they couldn’t let the occasion pass without a big celebration, hence the huge Italian do. The pair will be saying their vows in a castle in Italy, surrounded by their closest loved ones, including the bride’s three children, Mason, Penelope and Reign. Travis will be joined by his children, Landon and Alabama, as well as his Blink-182 bandmates, as he walks down the aisle at Castello Brown. It is thought that the couple have rented out the entire castle, and are also planning a huge reception party in LA for those who didn’t quite make the cut. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kendall Jenner and boyfriend Devin Booker immaculate in matching outfits for lunch ahead of Kourtney Kardashian’s wedding MORE : Kourtney Kardashian rocks full Gothic bridal look before marrying Travis Barker and we already can’t wait to see the wedding dress 