Jurgen Klopp vowed to take Liverpool back to the Champions League final next season after his side lost to Real Madrid in Paris. The Reds were aiming to avenge their 2018 final defeat on Saturday night but left the French capital disappointed as Real Madrid clinched their 14th European crown. Liverpool created a number of great chances and went close through Mohamed Salah, Sadio Mane and Diogo Jota, but were repeatedly denied by the inspired Thibaut Courtois. Vinicius Junior’s second-half goal separated the sides and saw Real Madrid add the Champions League trophy to the La Liga title they won earlier in the season. Liverpool have now lost two of their three Champions League finals under Klopp but the German is adamant his side can reach another as soon as next season. ‘I have a strong feeling we’ll come again,’ Klopp said. ‘The boys are really competitive. ‘It’s an outstanding group together. We will have an outstanding group next season. Where’s it next season? Istanbul? Book the hotel.’ The Reds boss added: ‘In the dressing room nobody feels it was a great season at the moment. We maybe need a few hours for that. ‘We played a good game, not a perfect game. I don’t think a perfect game is possible against an opponent set up with a deep formation. ‘We had a lot of shots but not the clearest. Courtois made two top saves. We conceded a goal from a throw-in. Valverde wanted to shoot, Vinicius was there and that’s it. ‘The boys tried everything, especially at 1-0 down then we played like we wanted to play before. We had our midfielders too deep. It’s a threat they are with counter attacks. ‘We wanted to be more brave in the second half. That’s what we said at half-time. We played around them. We should have played more in the formation than around them. ‘It feels different. It’s not bad to get to the final. It’s a kind of success. Not the success you want to have.’ Liverpool have enjoyed a brilliant season, winning the FA Cup and EFL Cup and finishing just one point behind Premier League champions Manchester City. But there will be immense disappointment at Anfield as the club still had eyes on a remarkable quadruple this time last week. Speaking to BT Sport, Liverpool defender Ando Robertson said: ‘The dressing room is quiet, devastated. That is what happens when you don’t win finals. ‘We had chances, came up against an unbelievable keeper. Being honest though, we could have played better. ‘In the second half we didn’t start great and they got hold of the game. When you come up against experienced teams like that they know how to win finals. ‘We are a pressing team, it has worked so much for us but we have been caught back post and that’s football. It is hard to get back in the game playing against against a very experienced team, they know how to see out a game.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 