Amal Clooney and Bridgerton stars Phoebe Dynover and Jonathan Bailey led the celebrities on the red carpet at the Prince’s Trust Awards on Tuesday. Sponsored by TK Maxx and HomeSense, the awards pay tribute to the bravery, determination, and sheer hard work that young people demonstrate. Founded by Prince Charles in 1976, the trust supports 11 to 30-year-olds across the UK who are unemployed, struggling at school, or at risk of exclusion. Human rights lawyer Amal brought a touch of Hollywood to the annual event at the Theatre Royal Drury Lane in London’s West End, wearing a white strapless dress featuring a red flower design. She was there to present the Amal Clooney Women’s Empowerment Award, which is sponsored by Charlotte Tilbury. While her husband, George Clooney, was absent from the ceremony, Amal was joined on the red carpet by her mother, Baria Alamuddin. Elsewhere, Phoebe was seen posing up a storm in a cropped black blazer, tied together with black trousers and black heels. The Daphne Bridgerton actress was joined by her Netflix co-star Jonathan, who plays Viscount Bridgerton in the series. Jonathan spoke to Prince Charles at the event and joked that he expected the hit show to ‘be on for the next 50 years’. He also told the royal that the series has been shooting in Bath, before describing the city as ‘stunning’. TV presenter Emma Willis was also in attendance, along with podcast host Fearne Cotton, and Good Morning Britain’s Kate Garraway. ‘Last year I hosted a small intimate giving of the awards last October as we couldn’t do it in person before,’ Fearne exclusively told Metro.co.uk on the red carpet. ‘I think for everyone it’s really wonderful to be in a proper big theatre where everyone gets a real moment on stage to be celebrated. The winner I’m giving the award to today is also a guest on my podcast this week. ‘I know her story very well; where she comes from and where she’s at now. Stories like that are amazing to hear, inspiring and empowering for all of us.’ Former Strictly Come Dancing and Olympic boxer Nicola Adams was joined by her pregnant girlfriend Ella Baig. Nicola said of the event: ‘It means a lot to me. It’s a chance to celebrate the achievement and the hard work that’s been going on with the pandemic. It’s really important to be out and celebrate as person. ‘It’s inspiring to hear all these stories. There were all these youngsters and talk to them about their achieve and what they’ve been to achieve but to actually be here in person must be special for them.’ Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly hosted the annual awards for a 10th year running, with the ceremony set to air on Thursday on ITV for the first time. Before the show, the presenting duo told Prince Charles they were looking forward to some ‘classic HRH bantz’ and jokingly noted that he looked very disappointed each year when they returned as hosts. As the prince met the celebrity ambassadors, a rumble of thunder was heard through an open window, prompting laughter from Charles, Good Morning Britain presenter Kate and actress Felicity Kendal. Among the winners were a mother who overcame her experience of domestic violence to secure a job in the ambulance service and a young woman who was helped through her addiction issues by the Prince’s Trust. Taking to the stage after the final award, Charles quipped, ‘Welcome to the Ant and Dec Prince’s Trust Tuesday Afternoon Takeaway’. He addressed the impact of the pandemic on young people and stressed the importance of the trust’s work. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 