Yesterday Colombia extradited its most notorious living drugs lord to the USA, where he will face a series of indictments. Heavily armed soldiers and police were taking no chances as they escorted Dairo Antonio Usuga David from prison onto a plane. Better known as ‘Otoniel’, he has been compared with an infamous predecessor, Pablo Escobar, who led the Medellin Cartel during a period of extreme violence in the South American country in the 1970s, 80s and 90s. Unlike Escobar – but similarly to Mexican drug lord ‘El Chapo’ – Otoniel could now face years behind bars in the USA. But how did the leader of the much-feared Gulf Clan get to this stage? What is he accused of doing and how did the authorities capture him? Here, we take a look at his life so far. The 50-year-old was born in September 1971 in Necocli, Colombia – a rural area near which he would later be captured. Otoniel worked his way through the ranks of several guerrilla groups on the left and right, most recently claiming to lead the Gaitanist Self Defense Forces of Colombia. His brutality led him to notoriety and a long-standing place on the US Drug Enforcement Administration’s most-wanted list. First indicted in Manhattan federal court in 2009, Otoniel had narcotics charges drawn up against him for allegedly providing assistance to a far-right paramilitary group designated a terror organisation by the US. Later indictments in Brooklyn and Miami federal courts accused him of importing at least 73 tons of cocaine into the US between 2003 and 2014, through countries including Venezuela, Guatemala, Mexico, Panama, and Honduras. By the end of that period he had become the head of the Gulf Clan. He succeeded his brother who had been killed in a police shootout in early 2012 – and embarked on a cop-killing strategy used by Escobar. The clan’s army of assassins terrorised much of northern Colombia to gain control of major cocaine smuggling routes through thick jungles north to Central America and onto the US. Colombian authorities say he trafficked between 180 and 200 tonnes of cocaine a year. But Otoniel is also wanted for other crimes, including illegally possessing weapons. The former rural warlord managed to stay on the run for more than a decade – thanks in part, experts believe, to paying off state officials and aligning himself with militants. During the reign of terror, his reputation as a bandit grew with horror stories of the many underage women he and his cohorts allegedly sexually abused. Authorities accuse him of being responsible for the deaths of hundreds of members of Colombia’s security forces. Colombian President Ivan Duque takes an unsurprisingly dim view of his country’s most wanted drug lord, who he says is ‘comparable only to Pablo Escobar’. ‘He is not only the most dangerous drug trafficker in the world’, Mr Duque claimed, ‘but he is murderer of social leaders, abuser of boys, girls and adolescents, a murderer of policemen.’ A $5 million (£4 million) reward was offered for his capture, years after Colombian police first sought his arrest in 2011. He was finally captured in a remarkable military operation in Antioquia province last October. Officials said intelligence provided by the US and UK led more than 500 soldiers and members of Colombia’s special forces to his jungle hideout in Necocli, which was protected by eight rings of security. The mission involved almost two dozen helicopters and various unmanned drones – though Otoniel later told the Special Jurisdiction for Peace (JEP) tribunal that he had handed himself in. His lawyers also argued against his extradition, saying he should be allowed to testify before the JEP, confess his role in Colombia’s nearly six decades of internal conflict and reveal links between the military and illegal armed groups. The high court went on to dismiss a petition from a group of his victims, who argued that his extradition would violate their rights to justice and reparation. They called for him to first face the more than 128 proceedings against him in Colombia. But President Duque says that from the United States, Otoniel will continue collaborating with the Colombian authorities in the investigations against him and once he completes any jail time, he will return to ‘Colombia to pay for the crimes he committed.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : British Virgin Islands head detained after ‘drugs sting’