Doctor Strange actress Zara Phythian has been jailed for eight years for sexually abusing a teenage schoolgirl. Her husband, Victor Marke, was sentenced to 14 years behind bars for abusing the same victim, who was aged between 13 and 15, and indecently assaulting a second girl. Jurors heard the couple, both martial arts instructors, abused the girl ‘once or twice a month’ from 2005 and plied her with alcohol during a three-year ordeal. Phythian, 37, who featured in the 2016 Marvel blockbuster Doctor Strange alongside Benedict Cumberbatch, appeared calm in the dock at Nottingham Crown Court today. They were found guilty of a series of child sex offences last Wednesday. After Phythian was sentenced today, relatives shouted ‘we love you Zara’, to which she responded: ‘I’m innocent, I love you all.’ Earlier, Marke was heard sobbing uncontrollably as he waited to learn his fate. Judge Mark Watson told the pair he believed the abuse was pre-planned – and Marke, 59, was the ‘driving force’ behind it. Addressing Phythian, the judge added: ‘Whilst you denied in cross-examination that you were besotted with Victor Marke, on the evidence I have heard, I am in no doubt that your deviance was shaped by the influence that he had upon you from an early age. ‘I cannot ignore that it started at a time when you were still young. But the judge added: ‘Having said that, none of this excuses what you did – these were choices you made. ‘You were by then successful in your own right. You chose to play your part.’ Phythian and Marke, a Taekwondo ‘master’, were convicted of 14 counts of sexual activity with a child. He was also found guilty of indecent assault charges relating to another underage girl who was abused on at least eight occasions between 2002 and 2003. Jurors heard the abuse of the couple’s joint victim began when Phythian, then in her early 20s, asked her to ‘play dare’ and invited her to copy a sex act she performed on Marke. The victim, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, said Marke threatened her and ordered her to film some of the abuse at the hands of the ‘Jekyll and Hyde’ couple. Giving evidence, she told the court: ‘I knew it was wrong, but I did not know how to get out of the situation, or say anything. ‘I just did whatever they asked me to do. They made it seem like I was some naughty kid and they were helping me out.’ Phythian, of Mansfield, and Marke, of Ravenshead, both in Nottinghamshire, denied the offences but were unanimously found guilty by jurors. The disgraced star – also known as Zara Marke – branded the allegations ‘bulls**t’ when she was quizzed by police. She said during the interview: ‘I am not a paedophile, or a rapist. Nor is Vic.’ Nicole Hepburn, from the CPS, praised the victims for speaking out against their abusers to expose them as the ‘true liars’. ‘This was an appalling case of exploiting a position of trust and respect to gain sexual gratification. ‘Both defendants have denied their actions, instead blaming the victims and accusing them of lying. ‘It does take courage to stand up to your abusers and give evidence in this way and I would like to express my respect and gratitude to the survivors for everything they have done to ensure the Markes are held responsible for their criminal actions.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.