Vladimir Putin has reportedly been ‘stunned’ to learn the woman widely believed to be his ‘secret lover’ is pregnant again. The Russian president, 69, is already alleged to have at least two sons with former Olympic rhythmic gymnast Alina Kabaeva, 38. But he had not planned any more and was said to be ‘subdued and withdrawn’ upon hearing Ms Kabaeva is expecting once more. The president is understood to have learnt the news as he prepared for Victory Day celebrations in Moscow. Unnamed sources claim he did not take it well and was allegedly ‘fuming’, The Sun has reported. The news Ms Kabaeva is pregnant was initially broken by the Russian news channel General SVR Telegram. It said: ‘Putin found out his mistress is yet again pregnant — and by the looks of it this wasn’t planned.’ Putin has always denied any sort of relationship with Ms Kabaeva. The pair were first linked in 2008, when the Moskovsky Korrespondent newspaper reported the president was planning to divorce his wife Lyudmila and marry the gymnast. Both denied the rumours and the newspaper was shut down by Russian authorities shortly afterwards. Putin divorced his wife five years later. Ms Kabaeva was extremely successful during her sporting career and helped Russia secure countless Olympic gold medals. At the height of her performance, she became known as ‘Russia’s most flexible woman’. After retiring from professional sports she moved into politics, holding a seat in Russia’s lower house of parliament from 2007-2014 with the ruling United Russia party. In 2014 she became chair of the National Media Group, which has large stakes in almost all major Russian state media outlets. Rumours of how many children Putin and Ms Kabaeva have together vary. A Swiss newspaper has reported she travelled to an exclusive clinic near Lake Lugano, to give birth to a boy in 2015 visiting again in 2019 to give birth to a second son. However, other western news organisations have reported she had twins in 2019 in Moscow. Last week it was revealed the EU plans to impose sanctions on Ms Kabaeva, meaning she may see her assets frozen and become subject to a travel ban. According to reports by Bloomberg the draft sanctions list described Ms Kabaeva as ‘closely associated with President Vladimir Putin’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.