The manhunt for escaped Alabama murder suspect Casey White and former corrections officer Vicky White has come to a dramatic conclusion after a car chase ended with her dying from a gunshot wound to the head. The footage, filmed by a stunned motorist in Evansville, Indiana, shows authorities moving in on the pair’s Cadillac. The pair had been on the run for 11 days after Vicky White helped Casey White, who was serving a 75-year sentence, escape from jail on April 29. In the video, the motorist and a passenger can be heard describing the scene unfolding across a busy street to someone on the phone. ‘I swear to God, I’m looking at it right now! They just got him!’ the motorist says into the phone, adding that the escaped inmate and officer were captured at his workplace. ‘They just dragged him out!’ the man says as he pulls over to continue observing the scene. In the footage, dozens of cops and police cars can be seen surrounding a Cadillac. ‘She has to be in the car,’ the man adds excitedly, noting he was just standing where the arrest was taking place. According to police, Vicky White, 56, was shot in the head while being arrested. Casey White surrendered to police after the vehicle he was driving was wrecked, Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton said Monday. Dave Wedding, the Vanderburgh Country, Indiana Sheriff, told NBC’s TODAY Show that officials were investigating Vicky White’s death that concluded Monday’s high speed chase. ‘The coroner’s office will do an investigation and they will determine if it was a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The initial indication [is] that it was, but we won’t rule anything out until we have a thorough investigation by the coroner.’ According to Wedding, the chase that ensued was short lived. Authorities had reportedly learned that the pair was staying at a hotel in Indiana and set up surveillance before pursuing the pair. ‘They were in a grassy area, so three of our task force members actually rammed the vehicle and pushed it into a ditch, so it ended up on its side. As they approached the vehicle, it was obvious that the female driver was unconscious and still had a weapon in her hand.’ ‘They removed the murderer from the vehicle simultaneously,’ Wedding added. Following the car chase and the apprehension of the couple, Singleton held a press conference, saying they had always expected this outcome. ‘I knew we would catch them it was just a matter of time,’ Singleton said. Vicky White and Casey White are not related but shared a ‘special relationship,’ according to authorities, who said Vicky White would give him special treatment compared to other inmates. What made this particular situation difficult, according to Singleton, was that the 17-year veteran of the department and the inmate had concocted an elaborate escape plan well in advance to when they fled. ‘The escape was obviously well planned and calculated, a lot of preparation went into this, they had cash, vehicles, they had everything they needed to pull this off,’ he said. There’s no evidence the pair had received help during their escape. Casey White will be returned to Alabama and arraigned in Lauderdale County. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.