Kylian Mbappe wished Real Madrid good luck in next weekend’s Champions League final in the text message he sent to Florentino Perez after he rejected the chance to join the Spanish giants. Carlo Ancelotti’s side will take on Liverpool in next weekend’s heavyweight European blockbuster, but Real’s preparations for that showpiece occasion, and indeed next season, have been rocked by Mbappe’s late change of heart. Real saw a £200million bid rejected last summer by Paris Saint-Germain but, with the 23-year-old’s contract due to expire next month, were growing increasingly confident of finally landing their primary transfer target. Mbappe has been locked in negotiations with PSG’s owners all week and is now set to sign a new three-year deal, much to the anger of Perez. According to El Chiringuito, Mbappe sent a text message to Perez informing him of his decision to commit his future to the Ligue 1 champions. The message reportedly reads: ‘I inform you that I have decided to stay at PSG. I want to thank you for giving me the opportunity to play for Real Madrid, the club I have been a fan of since I was a kid. ‘I hope you understand my decision, good luck in the UCL Final.’ Mbappe’s U-turn has also angered La Liga president, Javier Tebas, who branded PSG an insult to football given the sums of money they are reported to have thrown at the former Monaco forward in order to convince him to stay. Tebas said: ‘What PSG’s doing by renewing Mbappe with large sum after giving losses of €700m in recent seasons and having more than €600m of salary bill, is an insult to football. ‘They are as dangerous as the Super League.’ Aside from the financial riches Mbappe will receive, reports claim he will also have a direct say in key decisions at the French club moving forwards. To that end, sporting director Leonardo is set to be replaced by Luis Campos, while Zinedine Zidane is in line to succeed former Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino. MORE : La Liga president brands PSG ‘an insult to football’ after Kylian Mbappe snubs Real Madrid MORE : Kylian Mbappe makes transfer U-turn as striker decides to snub Real Madrid to stay with Paris Saint-Germain For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 