Kourtney Kardashian revealed this week that she and new husband Travis Barker have been working with an Ayurvedic expert to improve their chances of conceiving. The alternative therapy they’ve opted for is known as a Panchakarma cleanse, which involves various procedures including enemas, steam baths, and induced vomiting. And as Kourtney revealed in the most recent episode of The Kardashians: ‘[The practitioner] told me that the thing that would help it was drinking [Travis’s sperm] like four times a week.’ It was music to Travis’s ears, and the Blink 182 drummer replied ‘I love this doctor’. But is the advice they’ve been given sound, or is it merely Hollywood bluster? Dr James Hopkisson, Medical Director at TFP Fertility Group tells Metro.co.uk: ‘In the last 30 years of working in fertility and gynaecology, I have read no mainstream research that has advocated the drinking of sperm to be useful in helping with pregnancy.’ That’ll be a no, then. Because the reproductive system is separate from the digestive, whether you swallow or spit will have no bearing on whether you conceive. Although Ayurvedic methods focus on a full-body approach – including nutrition, mental wellbeing, and self-care – there doesn’t appear to be any literature on the practice of drinking semen. Herbal decoctions, yes, but no mention of sperm. That’s not to say your fertility is unaffected by what you eat and drink. ‘The use of supplements prior to conceiving are important,’ says Dr Hopkisson. ‘All women should be on Folic acid and Vitamin D to minimise the risks of spina bifida and rickets.’ He adds: ‘With regard to male factors, lifestyle changes such as stopping smoking, losing weight, and cutting alcohol and coffee are worthwhile. ‘Taking supplements such as Vit C, zinc, selenium and L-carnitene can help – and a recent paper in Fertility and Sterility discussed the benefits of Co-enzyme Q10 to help sperm function.’ A balanced diet and plenty of vitamins and nutrients will help keep your body in tip top condition, giving you and any growing humans inside you the best chance possible. And while semen does include levels of Vitamin C and zinc (among other nutrients) these are in such small amounts that you’d need to be drinking pints of the stuff every day to make it worth your while. If that’s what you want to do, go for it – this woman even gave herself a spermy skincare routine. Just don’t expect it to make any difference to your fertility. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to support a loved one you think might be struggling with postnatal depression MORE : There’s a Cinderella-esque French chateau up for sale at £1.9million