Sir Keir Starmer is facing further backlash over his so-called ‘Beergate’ bash with a £200 takeaway after a leaked memo revealed it was a planned event, it has been reported. According to a bombshell memo drawn up in the days before the Labour leader’s trip to Durham, the contentious dinner with beer and curry was scheduled in his calendar. The document obtained by the Mail on Sunday stated there would be a ‘dinner in Miners Hall’ with local MP Mary Foy at 8.40pm. There was also a note that a member of staff in Sir Keir’s office was to arrange the takeaway from the Spice Lounge. The only business listed after the dinner was for the politician to walk back to his hotel, with the document reading: ‘End of visit’. Allegations Sir Keir broke Covid-19 rules – just like Boris Johnson, his wife Carrie and chancellor Rishi Sunak – have cast a shadow on Labour’s gains in Thursday’s local council elections, when the Tories suffered a crushing defeat, losing nearly 500 seats. Diane Abbott has become the first opposition MP to suggest the leader should step down from the role if he is fined for breaching restrictions in place during lockdown. ‘I’m a loyal supporter of Keir Starmer,’ she told LBC. ‘I’m just making the common sense point that if he gets a fixed penalty notice he should consider his position.’ It comes after Durham Constabulary was publicly pressured by senior Tory MPs to reopen a probe into the event during the last April’s by-election campaign. Previously, the force had reviewed the incident and decided there was no case to answer but have since U-turned on their position. A spokesperson for the force said: ‘Following the receipt of significant new information over recent days, Durham Constabulary has reviewed that position and now, following the conclusion of the pre-election period, we can confirm that an investigation into potential breaches of Covid-19 regulations relating to this gathering is now being conducted.’ Sir Keir, who has repeatedly called for the prime minister to resign over ‘Partygate’, has insisted he is ‘confident no rules were broken’. Describing the meal earlier this week, he said that ‘at various points people went through to the kitchen, got a plate, had something to eat, and got on with their work’. He told reporters on Friday: ‘Obviously I understand the police need to do their job, we need to let them get on with that but I’m confident there was no breach of the rules.’ Sir Keir stressed he will not resign and will lead the party into the next general election. A Labour spokesperson said: ‘Keir was working, a takeaway was made available in the kitchen, and he ate between work demands. No rules were broken.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Labour for further comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.