Cristiano Ronaldo was caught laughing as Manchester United’s shambolic season reached a new low against Brighton. After Monday’s convincing 3-0 win over Brentford, United arrived on the south coast in confident mood but they were run ragged by Graham Potter’s rapidly improving side. Moisés Caicedo fired his side in front with his first Premier League goal after just 15 minutes of a one-sided contest, collecting the ball on the edge of the penalty area and firing a low shot through the legs of Victor Lindelof and beyond David de Gea. Ralf Rangnick responded at the break by bringing on Edinson Cavani and Fred, but the changes failed to stem the tide as United succumbed to wave after wave of Brighton pressure. Marc Cucurella doubled the home side’s advantage just four minutes after the re-start, arrowing a left-footed shot into the roof of De Gea’s net and Seagulls fans were sent into ecstasy when Gross waltzed through moments later and easily beat United’s Spanish goalkeeper. The cameras quickly cut to a disbelieving Ronaldo who stood with outstretched arms, laughing and gesticulating in the middle of the pitch. Worse was still to come, however, when former United striker Danny Welbeck was played through on goal and chipped the ball over De Gea and in the direction of Leandro Trossard who bundled home Brighton’s fourth goal of a scarcely believable afternoon. While United were left to lick their gaping wounds, it was a momentous day for Brighton who celebrated a first ever four-goal Premier League victory. Captain Lewis Dunk summed up the emotions, saying: ‘It is a special day. [Man Utd] are a top side and we’ve let our home fans down this season, so it was a nice moment. Away from home, our form has been excellent, home form not so good. ‘It has held us back in the league. They’ve had to watch some not so good performances but you can hear they enjoyed that one. ‘We waited for it to come together; there were a few moments when I was still shouting. I’m happy, but never too happy. We’ll have a nice evening.’ MORE : Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has rejected Premier League offer since Manchester United departure MORE : Ray Parlour fears for ‘vulnerable’ Arsenal left-back Nuno Tavares against Tottenham For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 