A tiny Jack Russell who has saved countless lives by sniffing out landmines has been given a medal for bravery. Pint-sized Patron has uncovered more than 200 explosives since the Ukraine invasion began. Efforts are under way to clear land retaken from Russian invasion forces laced with bombs to inflict maximum damage on returning soldiers and civilians. The dog has become a popular symbol of Ukrainian patriotism throughout the war and inspired thousands of social media posts. Now he has been formally recognised by president Volodoymyr Zelensky with a military honour. The announcement was made during a news conference in Kyiv with Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau, who was visiting the city. Mr Zelensky referred to the dog as a ‘sapper’ during his remarks, a term used for military engineers. The president said: ‘Today, I want to award those Ukrainian heroes who are already clearing our land of mines. ‘And together with our heroes, a wonderful little sapper – Patron – who helps not only to neutralize explosives, but also to teach our children the necessary safety rules in areas where there is a mine threat.’ The Canadian leader patted his pockets as though looking for a treat while the dog barked and wagged his tail. Myhailo Iliev, a major in the Civil Protection Sevice, was also handed a medal. MORE : Is Vladimir Putin on the brink of starting a Third World War? Vladimir Putin sought to justify the invasion to Russian citizens during a highly anticipated speech in Red Square this morning. Speaking at the Victory Day parade in Moscow, the president framed the military assault as necessary to prevent Western aggresion against Russia. Addressing thousands of troops, Mr Putin said the campaign in Ukraine was needed to avert ‘a threat that was absolutely unacceptable to us (that) has been methodically created next to our borders’. He claimed ‘the danger was rising by the day’ and described the war as ‘forced, timely and the only correct decision by a sovereign, powerful and independent country’. The UK government has reinforced its commitment to supporting the Ukrainian military in its efforts to repel the attack. A spokesperson for the prime minister said today: ‘We will continue to support Ukraine in its effort to push back against Russian aggression. ‘We are certainly in this for the long haul. We will not back away from from our support for them.’ Defence secretary Ben Wallace delivered a speech at the National Army Museum in London today, during which he accused the Russian regime of ‘mirroring (the) fascism and tyranny’ of Nazi Germany. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.