Zach Braff enjoyed a chilled night out with friends after girlfriend Florence Pugh was forced to deny rumours she was dating Will Poulter. The sighting of the American actor, 47, is the first time he’s been seen since Florence, 26, branded speculation that she was dating her Midsomma co-star ‘silly.’ The actress was seen frolicking on the beach and having a blast on holiday in Ibiza, with Will, before setting the record straight. Zach headed out in West Hollywood, California earlier this week, where he was seen exiting the San Vicente Bungalows after a meal. He chatted to a female friend, who burst into laughter after another friend said something funny, before the group got into a car. Zach cut a casual figure in a black coat and grey shirt, and looked super relaxed on his night out with pals. The Scrubs star has not publicly commented after his girlfriend Florence confirmed she is ‘not dating’ fellow actor Will. ‘No, Will Poulter and I are not dating,’ she penned in a statement shared on Instagram on Tuesday. ‘We went to the beach with our friends, who are always about half a metre away from us in every picture, but have been cleverly cut out/framed out so that it looks otherwise. ‘You can LITERALLY see my best friend in the corner of so many shots and Archie’s arms at the sides.’ Zach and Florence have been in a relationship since 2019, and she has previously called out trolls for ‘bullying’ her due to their 21-year age gap. She also told The Sunday Times in July 2021: ‘It’s so weird to me to go on to someone’s page and s*** on it.’ She added: ‘I think it bugs people that it’s not who they expected. ‘But it’s my life, and I’m not doing anything to please people or to make it a better headline or story. I want to also be a person.’ Florence will return to the big screen later this year as she stars opposite Harry Styles in steamy psychological thriller Don’t Worry Darling, directed by Olivia Wilde. As for partner Zach, he has a range of projects coming up, with A Good Person currently in the works, which he is credited as a writer, director and producer for. He will also star in comedy movie Shriver, which is awaiting a release date. Zach’s reps have been contacted for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kate Moss heads out to Abba Voyage opening night after denying Johnny Depp pushed her down stairs at Amber Heard trial MORE : Piers Morgan hits back at guest who claims she was ‘actually censored’ on his Uncensored show 