Most of us use just one to two pumps when applying foundation. If you apply SPF under first, this isn’t an issue. However, if you’re skipping SPF and only using a foundation with sun protection as part of the formula, one to two pumps isn’t anywhere near enough to get the level of protection needed. A beauty chemist called Michelle Wong has shared just how much foundation you’d need to apply to get the SPF benefits that come with the bottle. Shockingly, you would need around 13 pumps – way more foundation that anyone would want to use, as it would leave skin cakey and be hard to blend in. So to answer the question: do I need to wear a separate SPF if my foundation has SPF in it? Yes, you most certainly do. It might seem like a chore, but a demonstration from Michelle shows just how ineffective applying minimal foundation is. Michelle normally wears one and half pumps of foundation each day, but to get the labelled level of protection she’d need plenty more. This is why it’s vital to wear SPF separately to give your skin the protection it needs. Skipping SPF application can contribute to premature skin ageing through issues like dark spots, as well as making the skin more vulnerable to burns and even cancer. Though we should wear SPF everyday, it’s even more important going into the summer months. In the comments, people were shocked as just how much foundation is needed, with one person writing: ‘No way, this is unreal’. Another said: ‘Oh no, that’s a lot of foundation!’ People asked in this comments if this applies to skin tints too and Michelle responded that it does indeed. The safest thing to do is apply SPF, then use a base product on top without worrying about how much to use. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A tried and tested shopping guide to the latest foundation launches MORE : Makeup artist Terry Barber explains how to apply perfect foundation in five minutes MORE : Customisable foundation can help you find your perfect skin tone match