Phil Neville believes Manchester United made a mistake by not giving David Moyes more time and says the way they treated their former manager was ‘totally wrong’. Sir Alex Ferguson chose ex-Everton boss Moyes as his successor when he retired after 26 years in charge of Manchester United in 2013. But Moyes spent just 10 months in the Old Trafford hot-seat before being sacked in April 2014 with United seventh in the Premier League. While United were on course to record their lowest points tally in the Premier League under Moyes, Neville believes sacking the Scottish manager was one of the ‘biggest mistakes’ the club made. ‘If you look back now, it was totally wrong the lack of time he was given, totally wrong,’ the former Manchester United defender and current Inter Miami boss told Sky Sports. ‘The lack of time, the lack of backing, the lack of investment that other managers have had… ‘That’s the biggest thing. When we both left the club, we both needed another season, we both deserved another season. ‘Ten months at Manchester United in a difficult period when the greatest manager of all time had just left wasn’t enough. ‘Moyes had unbelievable plans to take the club forward in that summer. I’d say that was one of the biggest mistakes United made, not giving Moyes more time. ‘He’s proven now at West Ham that with time he can build a successful football club. It was one of my biggest disappointments in football when he was sacked by United.’ Louis van Gaal, Jose Mourinho and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer have all held permanent managerial positions at Manchester United since Moyes. United have largely struggled since Ferguson’s retirement, going five successive seasons without silverware ahead of Erik ten Hag’s arrival this summer. Neville added: ‘There obviously needs to be big changes. But what I would say is things can change very quickly. ‘I’ve heard people say it will take six or eight years. It can change in 12-18 months if you pick the right manager and get the right players in and get the structure around the club right. ‘All it will take is two or three good signings and the team can get some momentum. Look how quickly things turned around for Liverpool under Jurgen Klopp. ‘Manchester United need to be back challenging for titles. But no one will hand them the title and Liverpool and Man City are brilliant teams so it’s a big task to turn it around.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 