A partygoer has been questioned on suspicion of murder after a man’s body was pulled from a swimming pool at a £3 million swingers mansion dubbed ‘Kinky Towers’. He was arrested after police launched an investigation into the ‘unexplained’ death of a man in his 20s at the property in Radlett, Hertfordshire, in the early hours of Sunday morning. It is owned by Richard Stanley, 74, and his partner Janet Harrison, who have previously appeared on a Channel 4 documentary about swingers. Mr Stanley told The Sun: ‘A couple of witnesses describe a scuffle in the pool area. One of the guys collapsed and died.’ Post-mortem and toxicology tests will now take place to determine the cause of death at the event which up to 200 people were reported to have attended. Hertfordshire Constabulary have issued an appeal for witnesses and information. Detective Inspector Iain MacPherson said: ‘Firstly my thoughts are with the man’s family and friends at this very difficult time. ‘We are trying to piece together what happened and I would like to appeal for the public’s help. ‘There was a party happening in the house at the time and although we’ve spoken to a number of attendees, we believe there are others who left the party early but could still have information that will help our investigation. ‘Please get in touch if you think you might be able to help. The man’s family need to understand what happened.’ Tickets providing double bedroom access were selling for between £500 and £1,000, according to The Sun. A housekeeper employed by a neighbour was said to have described seeing a hooded man asking for directions to ‘the sex party’. Mr Stanley insisted the event had been ‘strictly music’. In a statement, the police said: ‘Officers are appealing for information and witnesses following the death of a man in Radlett. ‘Police were called by the ambulance service at 4.53am on Sunday (22 May). A man had been taken out of a swimming pool unresponsive and he was sadly pronounced dead at the scene. The force said a 34-year-old man from Brighton has been released on conditional bail until June 17. The mysterious death comes seven years after a dad-of-three died following a different party. Edmund Echukwu, 35, was pulled from the water at a James Bond-themed sex party there in 2015. Other guests tried to revive him, but he was later declared dead at Watford General Hospital. A coroner later ruled Mr Echukwu’s death accidental. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.