A teenager stalked by a driver instructor nearly three times her age has spoken out about his sentence. Graham Mansie, 52, tried to use the dark web to get hackers to access then 17-year-old’s Maisie Relph’s social media accounts while harassing her for months. But Londoner Miss Relph, now 19, has said she is pleased that Mansie avoided jail after admitting stalking – saying instead that she is happy he has been helped not punished. The student’s former instructor created a TikTok account dedicated to her and ‘terrified’ his victim during a prolonged campaigned last year. Now, speaking for the first time since his sentencing, Miss Relph explained: ‘It was a nightmare I wouldn’t wish on my worst enemy. ‘I want to raise awareness because I’d have stopped my lessons much sooner if I’d read a story like this. ‘In my lessons he used to say things like: “oh I’ll add that to the file”, and I always thought it was a joke but now I wonder if he did have a file on me. ‘It’s really shocking and I’m still terrified, but I think he needs help, not to be locked away.’ Mansie became fixated with Miss Relph, a psychology in education student from Bromley, after a series of lessons, having been recommended to her by friends. He told Miss Relph she was his ‘favourite’, attempted to shower his victim with gifts, asked her out for drinks and confessed his love to her parents. His behaviour grew increasingly strange between July and October 2021. On one occasion the instructor tried to give another student a gift bag to pass on to Miss Relph. It contained £65 in restaurant vouchers, a keyring with eight personalised charms and a card in which he described her as ‘kind’ and ‘amazing’. Disturbed by the unwanted attention, the teenager told her mum, who confronted Mansie directly. On being told he could no longer give her daughter lessons, the instructor replied: ‘Is it because I love her?’. Denise Clewes, prosecuting, told Bromley Magistrates’ Court that the student had moved to York in September – but Mansie joined a WhatsApp Group for her halls of residence, using a profile for an 18-year-old boy. ‘On 31 October, 2021 he travelled to York by train. He walked outside her halls of residence but did not go inside’, the lawyer explained. ‘Her dad called him saying “you are a pervert”. He responded “I love your daughter, she is 18.”’ When the victim blocked Mansie on all social media and cut off contact, Mansie attempted to use the dark web to hack into her accounts, the Crown Prosecution Servce (CPS) said. The 52-year-old, who was sentenced on Wednesday, May 18, having earlier pleaded guilty to one count of stalking, was reported to police in October 2021 and arrested the following month. The court heard he had since his bail conditions by contacting the victim, most recently in April, when he sent her a WhatsApp message saying: ‘You have killed me’, along with a link to a news article about the case. The student who read a victim impact statement to the court from behind a screen, detailed how Mansie’s behaviour had left her unable to eat or sleep. The teenager added that the latest contact, in which he appeared to blame her for the situation, left her ‘wondering what he’d do next’. District Judge Vanessa Lloyd sentenced Mansie to eight weeks’ in prison, suspended for 12 months, during which time he will also wear a monitoring tag. He was also made subject to an indefinite restraining order, banning him from contacting the victim online or in person and from attending any location where he knows she may be. Mansie was also ordered to pay £300 in costs, told to complete rehabilitation and visit the Stalking Threat Assessment Centre to get help. Speaking after the sentencing, the University of York student continued: ‘I’m really pleased he’s getting help with the therapy sessions, and the life-long restraining order gives me peace of mind. ‘If he’d gone to jail I’d only be worrying about when he gets out, and they said he’ll go to prison for five years if he breaks the order so I feel pretty confident he’ll stick to it. ‘It’s a win-win, he’ll get help and I feel relieved, so do all my friends and flatmates and their families, who are all victims of this too.’ Piers Kiss-Wilson, defending, had claimed the case could be put down to a ‘misinterpretation’ and that Mansie was ‘deeply ashamed’. The court heard he has since lost his job and is out of work. But Miss Relph confessed she remains worried about what he could do next, noting that presenter Emily Maitlis has had a stalker for 25 years. ‘It’s a fixation and an obsession, and going in and out of prison doesn’t help, and we’d be better off investing in some kind of treatment’, she argued, questioning whether lockdowns contributed to Mansie’s behaviour. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Stalker neighbour told victim ‘send nudes or I’ll burn down your house’