Bobbi Brown is an icon of the beauty world, with her ‘your skin but better’ looks beloved by celebrities and gracing the covers of Vogue and Elle. But the makeup artist has been embroiled in an internet drama this week, after a popular creator negatively reviewed one of her newly-launched products. Bobbi’s brand Jones Road released their What The Foundation tinted moisturiser in the US this week, sending out samples to influencers as is standard. Meredith Duxbury was one of these recipients, with over 15 million followers on TikTok who watch her makeup tutorials and look for inspiration. Her verdict on What The Foundation? ‘I’m gonna have to pass’. It’s not rare for a product to receive harsh reviews, but the beauty community are protective of Bobbi Brown – and many claimed Meredith had simply used the foundation wrong. Makeup artist Meredith is known for her ‘full glam’ style, and posted a video to TikTok applying the oil-based Jones Road base in the same quantities she would normally. Comments flooded in criticising her technique. ‘That’s definitely not how you use it,’ said one, while another wrote: ‘Not a fair review. You’re not supposed to use half the container.’ Bobbi herself then chimed in, showing her TikTok followers the correct amount to apply – and even shading Meredith with a joke video where she puts two tubs of What The Foundation on her face. It may be a frivolous beef, but it shows the importance of choosing the right product for you. It’s so much more than just the shade of a foundation that impacts how it looks on. From coverage to skin prep, here’s what to consider when picking out your makeup base. How often do you normally wear makeup, and would you say you prefer a natural look or something more obviously ‘done’? You need a foundation that suits your needs, so if you fall into the natural camp, look for buildable coverage, sheer coverage, or products labelled as skin tints or tinted moisturisers. These ‘barely there’ bases will refresh your complexion, but won’t hide the skin underneath. Full or medium coverage foundations will be better suited to those who want to cover up blemishes or achieve a matte, flawless finish. If you’re used to a full coverage foundation, Jones Road What The Foundation (which is labelled as ‘buildable, light-medium coverage’ and a ‘tinted moisture balm meets traditional foundation’) will leave you cold – like it did with Meredith. Not all foundations are created equal. While they all contain water, some are water-based, some are oil-based, and some are silicone-based. Water-based foundations are great for hydrating dry or sensitive skin, while silicone-based products are designed for their staying power and tend to suit most skin types. Bobbi Brown’s What The Foundation is one of the few oil-based options on the market right now, so it won’t behave the same as you’re used to. To see if your foundation is silicone-based, look for words in the ingredients list that end in -cone, -methicone, and -siloxane. We know that oil and water don’t mix, yet this often gets forgotten about when it comes to cosmetics. You can have the best oil-based foundation in the world, but if you apply it over a water-based primer it’ll separate and look cakey or uneven. As a rule, it’s best to match your primer to your makeup (pairing silicone-based with silicone-based and so on). Additionally, if you find that every time you apply makeup it seems to settle in cracks or stick to dry patches, it may be your skincare routine rather than your foundation that’s to blame. Try using a chemical exfoliator after you cleanse in the evenings, which will take away flakes and give you a better foundation for your foundation (ha!). Don’t forget to moisturise and wear sunscreen, too. There’s no right or wrong way to wear makeup, but knowing what suits you should help you avoid buyer’s remorse – and being called out by a beauty industry legend. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to flood-proof your home using DIY techniques MORE : ‘Glass hair’ is the clean girl beauty trend promising healthy strands that shine like mirrors