A memorial garden could be built at the Grenfell Tower site in tribute to the 72 people who died in the fire. The tower is currently covered in a protective wrap which shows a green heart and the message ‘Forever in our hearts’, but no decision has been made about its future. A garden is ‘by far’ the most popular idea from a survey of survivors, bereaved relatives and residents, according to the Grenfell Tower Memorial Commission. But a monument or museum could also be installed on the site. ‘The Tower itself is a sacred place, but it is currently cordoned off so that the building can be kept safe,’ the commission said. ‘Our bereaved families each remember in their own ways, but they don’t yet have a peaceful place where they can all come together to grieve.’ The report added: ‘It’s often easier to live with difficult memories when you can give them an appropriate time and place, and if you don’t feel alone. ‘Our survivors don’t yet have a peaceful place where they can choose to go to remember together.’ What happens to the tower itself is the Government’s decision, but materials from the block could be made available for use in the memorial if the community requests. It has already been agreed that the unidentified remains of anyone who died can be laid to rest at the memorial site. The commission said a covenant will protect the site from any use which goes against the community’s wishes. Housing is not being considered as an option for the site due to opposition, especially from bereaved families. A design team for the final memorial is expected to be selected by spring 2024 and work may begin by the end of that year. In a joint statement, the commission’s co-chairs, Thelma Stober and Michael Lockwood, said: ‘Our role is to ensure that what happened at Grenfell is never forgotten. ‘We know that everyone affected by the Grenfell tragedy needs a memorial that is special, where they can come together, and which will stand the test of time. ‘Today’s report is a huge step forward. It reflects the incredible amount of work undertaken by of all the community representatives on the Memorial Commission, and of all the bereaved families, survivors and local residents involved over the past two years. ‘This has not been an easy task, and the whole community has our profound admiration and full support.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.