Noel Gallagher needed stitches and was ‘covered in blood’ after getting headbutted by Ruben Dias’ dad. The former Oasis rocker was in the stands at the Etihad on Sunday afternoon as Manchester City scored three goals in five minutes to secure the Premier League trophy on the last day of the 2021/22 season. As the third goal went in, the lifelong City fan was celebrating with the fans before he got accidentally caught by Ruben’s dad during the chaotic scenes. Sharing the wild story on talkSPORT, he said: ‘So as the third goal goes in, right, there is absolute bedlam, as you can imagine, in the stadium. Where we sit, Reuben Diaz’s family are in the box, a couple of boxes up. ‘So I’m jumping around like an idiot, passing my 11-year-old son around like the Premier League trophy, everyone is lifting him up. ‘I turn around and Rúben Dias’ dad runs straight into me, headbutts me while I’m on the floor covered in blood. I don’t see the last two minutes I’ve got to get taken down by the St John Ambulance and had to get stitched up. I’ve got stitches in my top lip, I’ve got two black eyes.’ Noel bumped into City manager Pep Gaurdiola after the melee, and had to send the boss away to celebrate with his squad instead of worrying about the Britpop legend. ‘As I’m going down the corridor Pep’s running up crying and we kind of hug each other and he says, “What’s up with your face?” And I was like, “Go see the players, nothing to do with me”. ‘And if you’ve seen me today, I look like I’ve just arrived home from the 80s, from Elland Road. I look like I’ve had my head smashed in. It’s unbelievable. ‘A lot of City fans are asking, “You alright? What’s happened?” And I said – “You’ll never guess!” ‘ For Noel, this definitely wasn’t a case of ‘you should see the other guy’, because it turns out Dias’ dad came out of their exchange bruise-free. ‘Not a mark on him. He’s a big bear of a man – he almost knocked my teeth out,’ the Don’t Look Back In Anger singer added. ‘But as days go at the Etihad that’s got to be up there with the best.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Noel Gallagher slams Harry Styles suggesting ex-One Direction star doesn’t write own music: ‘He’ll be surrounded by a lot of girls’ MORE : Manchester City win Premier League in dramatic final day that put Liverpool in second spot 