Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker have confirmed they’ve officially tied the knot! The pair, known as Kravis, are now legally married, sharing a string of gorgeous snaps from the big day with the caption: ‘Till death do us part’. Kourtney, 43, donned an adorable white mini dress and veil, with Travis, 46, suited up as they celebrated their love. Of course, there was a snap showing some pretty steamy PDA, with Kourtney sat on the hood of a car with Travis standing in between her legs. Once they’d exchanged vows, they drove off with a sign reading: ‘Just married’. According to reports, they said ‘I do’ earlier on Sunday in Santa Barbara, California, months after confirming their engagement. TMZ reports that they were reportedly spotted ‘exchanging their vows’ on the steps of a courthouse in the area. The happy couple had previously enjoyed a ‘practice wedding’ in Las Vegas, but revealed it wasn’t legally binding. Sharing a glimpse inside the ‘wedding’ on Instagram, the mum-of-three penned: ‘Found these in my camera roll. ‘Once upon a time in a land far, far away (Las Vegas) at 2am, after an epic night and a little tequila, a queen and her handsome king ventured out to the only open chapel with an Elvis and got married (with no license). ‘Practice makes perfect.’ She later admitted that she couldn’t quite remember their ceremony during, but confessed that they weren’t given a license to make it official. Kourtney and Travis sparked intense speculation over their relationship at the beginning of last year, and went public on Instagram in February 2021. They have been inseparable ever since, and are known for their PDA-heavy antics on Instagram. The I Miss You musician popped the question at the super-romantic Rosewood Miramar hotel in Montecito, California – with the scenes currently playing out on the Kardashians. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker ‘get married in low-key ceremony’ weeks after ‘practice’ wedding MORE : Kourtney Kardashian ‘cried hysterically’ for hours after breaking Travis Barker engagement ring: ‘How could I have done that?’ 