Andy Murray says he hopes he can pair up with teenage sensation Emma Raducanu in the mixed-doubles at Wimbledon this year. The Scot, 35, has regularly featured in the doubles events during the latter part of his career, winning at Queen’s alongside Feliciano Lopez back in 2019 and famously partnering Serena Williams at SW19. Wimbledon gets underway at the end of June and Murray is reportedly looking for a female player to enter the mixed-doubles with at the All England Club. Speaking this week, Murray suggested playing with Raducanu, who broke on the scene after winning the US Open last year, would be an appealing prospect. He said: ‘Last year we talked about it, but we both ended up doing well in the singles. I would love to play with Emma at some stage. I’m sure we will both focus on having good runs in the singles, but yeah – I’d love to do that.’ Murray and Raducanu have trained together at Indian Wells before and the possibility of the duo teaming up this summer would be a huge boost for Wimbledon’s organisers. This year, Murray has targeted a strong showing at the All England Club and has already turned his attentions to the grass-court season after withdrawing from the French Open. The three-time grand slam winner is playing at the Surbiton Trophy, a Challenger event, this week as he looks to hone his game on the grass. On Monday, he won his first-round match against Jurij Rodionov in straight sets and revealed he has ‘high expectations’ for Wimbledon. He said: ‘I have high expectations of myself and lofty goals for the coming weeks, which I discuss with my team regularly. ‘I’m not going to share them now, but I’ve trained hard, I feel grass is my best surface and I’ve prepared as best as I can. ‘I can’t control my results or performances at Wimbledon right now, but I can control my attitude on the court, and I can guarantee I’ll give it 100 per cent to have a good run.’ MORE : ‘It could be my last match here’ – Rafael Nadal makes plea to Roland Garros over Novak Djokovic clash MORE : Andy Murray responds to Naomi Osaka over Wimbledon ‘exhibition’ comments For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 