Boris Johnson will visit Finland and Sweden this week to discuss their ambitions to join Nato following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The two Nordic countries have reversed decades of military neutrality since Putin launched his bloody war on February 24. Finnish president Sauli Niinisto is expected to confirm his country’s stance on membership on Thursday, while an announcement is expected from Sweden’s ruling Social Democrats on Sunday following consultations over the weekend. Coming out in favour of joining would be a historic development for either country. Sweden has avoided military alliances for more than 200 years, while Finland, which shares an 810-mile border with Russia, adopted neutrality after being defeated by the Soviet Union in World War II. Public opinion has shifted dramatically since the war in Ukraine, with polls showing more than 70% of Finns and about 50% of Swedes are now in favour of  joining Nato. Boris Johnson will travel to capital Helsinki on Wednesday, before going on to Sweden on Thursday. Downing Street rejected suggestions the prime minister was seeking to pressurise the two Nordic nations into joining the bloc as ‘disinformation’. The PM’s spokesperson said the he would have discussions on ‘broader security issues’. ‘It is about not just Ukraine but the security of Europe more broadly. This about meeting other democratic countries and discussing issues such as security which are of importance here and overseas,’ the spokesman said. ‘We support countries’ democratic capability to decide on things like Nato membership. We understand the positions of Sweden and Finland and that is why the prime minister is going to discuss these broader security issues.’ The prime minister’s visit is likely to anger Moscow, which has threatened nuclear escalation if Sweden and Finland join the alliance. If either of the nordic nations become Nato members, it would be one of the most significant ways in which the invasion appears to have backfired on Russian President Vladimir Putin, who cited the alliance’s expansion as one of the reasons for attacking Ukraine. Russia would find itself completely surrounded by Nato countries in the Baltic Sea and the Arctic. ‘There is no going back to the status quo before the invasion,’ said Heli Hautala, a Finnish diplomat previously posted to Moscow and a research fellow at the Center for a New American Security in Washington. Despite threats from Russia, analysts say military action against the Nordic countries appears unlikely, given how bogged down Russian forces are in Ukraine However, Hautala said Russian countermeasures could include moving weapons systems closer to Finland, disinformation campaigns, cyberattacks, economic countermoves and steering migration toward the Russian-Finnish border, similar to what happened on Poland’s frontier with Belarus last year. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 