Dame Deborah James was treated to a cosy night in by her loved ones after going through a difficult few days as her health deteriorates. The You, Me & The Big C presenter is currently receiving end-of-life hospice care at her parents’ home in Surrey after treatment for her bowel cancer stopped earlier this month. She was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in 2016 but was recently told it had become terminal. On Monday night, Dame Deborah’s family threw her a pink-themed sleepover at home to lift her spirits after struggling in recent days. In an Instagram post, the author is seen posing with several female members of her family, including daughter Eloiose, 12, and even her brother, who were all dressed in an array of pink satin gowns, pyjamas and an eye mask. They relaxed inside teepees and treated themselves to pamper sessions with face masks. Dame Deborah told her followers: ‘Making memories can be hard why you are dying! Oh the pressure!!. I’m now only getting some very grabbed hours between the sleeping and side effects, but this girly sleepover managed to put such a smile to my face having spent most of yesterday in tears! ‘I’m getting less and less able to leave the house, or bed really now, so was feeling pretty down about it. Or do anything for that matter! But my sister suggested a party sleepover!’ The whole event came together in just three hours thanks to Dame Deborah’s sister contacting a local party company. She continued: ‘I was feeling awful after a bad day, so didn’t watch the set up of anything. Actually I just cried over my leaking drains next door! But with the help of my sister and bro, managed to calm down and then they wheeled me into the room last night and yes I cried over the fairy lights! Good tears! ‘It was just perfect! I went from staying in my wheelchair to ending up everyone helping to get me into an actually Tee pee to watch Cinderella with the gang and sit their like a 5 year old with a huge Cheshire Cat smile on my face next to my daughter and sister!’ She added: ‘Today I sleep! But with another memory and a smile.’ It has been a devastating yet whirlwind month for Dame Deborah, who announced that there were no more options left to treat her cancer on May 9. She has raised over £6.6million for various cancer charities through her Bowelbabe Fund, earning her a Damehood which she received directly from Prince William. Dame Deborah is now spending the time she has left with her close family and friends, including husband Sebastien Bowen and son Hugo, 14. MORE : Dame Deborah James finding it ‘harder to engage’ now as she spends remaining time at home with terminal bowel cancer: ‘My body isn’t playing the game’ MORE : Dame Deborah James makes secret visit to Chelsea Flower Show to see rose named after her 