Richard Madeley has said he ‘would put money on’ the idea of Meghan Markle running for President in the US in the not-so-distant future. In March 2020, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex officially stepped down as senior working members of the royal family, departing the UK for the US, where they now live with their children Archie and Lilibet. The couple were recently seen at the Invictus Games, remaining in the public eye as they continue to promote causes that are important to them. However, there has been much speculation as of late regarding whether Meghan, who previously starred as Rachel Zane in Suits and delivered a powerful speech about equality at the UN Women’s conference in 2015, would consider going into politics. On Tuesday’s Good Morning Britain, the ITV programme shared clips of an interview conducted with US President Joe Biden’s sister, Valerie Biden Owens, who is a political advisor for her brother. After Valerie expressed her view that Meghan could be a strong contender for a Democratic presidential candidate at some point, Richard quipped that it wouldn’t surprise him if that came to pass. While speaking to ITV News Royal Editor Chris Ship, the GMB co-host asked: ‘What do you make of Biden’s sister, who’s also his campaign manager, saying quite openly and quite confidently that Meghan would be very good presidential material?’ ‘I have always thought that at some point Meghan would possibly go down the political route. It was always a question for me of when she would do that. 2024, 2028, feels a bit too soon, but at some point in the future,’ Chris replied. Susanna Reid then chimed in, saying: ‘Well his sister says that Joe Biden himself will run again. So presumably they’re not proposing that Meghan is a candidate to run as a rival to Joe Biden in the next election? But after that…’ ‘I’ve always thought it was going to come at some point, I’m not saying it will, but it wouldn’t surprise me in the slightest,’ Chris responded, as Richard added: ‘I would put money on it.’ Another guest in the studio pointed out the fact that Meghan could run as a Republican, as Susanna laughed over the idea of the duchess going up against Donald Trump as the chosen candidate for the party. The guest joked that it was ‘like a Netflix series’, stating: ‘The idea that President Meghan and the First Man would return to Britain on a state visit in 15 years’ time, be received by King William and Queen Kate.’ ‘Well you can see her positioning herself can’t you? It’s transparent,’ Richard added. Susanna pointed out that President Ronald Reagan was a former actor, while Trump also appeared on TV, as Richard admitted that they were being ‘intellectually snobbish’ in their discussion. Last week, it was confirmed that Prince Harry, Meghan and Prince Andrew will not appear on the balcony at Buckingham Palace for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Trooping the Colour ceremony. Buckingham Palace said Her Majesty’s decision to only include members of her family carrying out royal duties was taken ‘after careful consideration’. Good Morning Britain airs weekdays from 6am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Richard Madeley savages Prince Harry’s ‘dreadful’ acting skills in travel advert: ‘This is not going to get him a Bafta’ MORE : Richard Madeley defends Neil Parish as MP ‘didn’t have track record’ for looking at porn in Commons 