Former First Lady Melania Trump has hinted that she would be open to serving a second term in the White House, as her husband Donald Trump continues teasing a 2024 presidential run. In her first sit-down interview since they left office, Melania said she has been busy and life is ‘great’. Fox & Friends co-host Pete Hegseth asked for her thoughts on Washington, DC. ‘I like Washington, DC. I know it operates completely different than any other city, but I really like it there and I enjoyed living in the White House,’ Melania replied in the interview on Saturday. ‘To be the First Lady of the United States was my greatest honor, and I think we achieved a lot in the four years of Trump administration.’ Melania added: ‘I enjoyed taking care of the White House. It was my home for a while. I understood it is the people’s house. It was a privilege to live there.’ Hegseth then asked if she thinks the White House could be her home again. ‘Never say never,’ Melania said. Ex-President Trump has repeatedly said he may make a bid for the presidency in 2024. At a campaign-style Save America rally in Commerce, Georgia, in late March, he again made the false claim that the 2020 president election was stolen from him. ‘The truth is I ran twice, I won twice and I did much better the second time,’ he said. ‘And now we just may have to do it again.’ Last year, the 45th president said he felt the need to run again. ‘So I love our country,’ he told GB News. ‘If you love the country you have no choice. It’s not a question.’ Melania has kept a low profile since departing the White House in January 2021. In the interview, however, she was not shy about criticizing the media and the Biden administration’s handling of certain issues facing the US. ‘They’re biased and they have likes and dislikes, and it’s so obvious. And I think American people and everyone sees it,’ she said of the media. ‘It was their decision, and I have much more important things to do, and I did in the White House, than being on the cover of Vogue.’ Melania called the baby formula crisis in the country ‘heartbreaking’. Asked about the cause of the shortage, she said, ‘leadership’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.