Have you ever wanted your own castle? Well, for less than the price of the average London townhouse, Carbisdale Castle could be yours. Once the wartime home to the King of Norway, the property is back on the market at a lower price, with offers over £1,200,000 now being asked for. The catch? Carbisdale is said to be haunted by several ghosts, including a lady called Betty, fallen soldiers from a 17th-century battle, and the disembodied music of a piper. You never know – they might be really nice to have around. The castle was bought in 1933 by the Norwegian Salvesen family, and during World War II was used as a refuge for that nation’s royal family. In 1945 Captain Harold Salvesen donated the castle to the Scottish Youth Hostel Association, and operated it as a hostel until it closed in 2011 due to the growing costs of much-needed repairs. It since lay empty for several years, no doubt giving Betty and her pals plenty of room to roam around. Carbisdale Castle is situated near Bonar Bridge in Sutherland and was last sold to a London-based investment company six years ago after the asking price was reduced to £900,000. Owners, the FCFM Group had said there were plans to restore the 40-bedroom castle ‘to its former glory as a world-class private residence’, then in 2019, plans for a luxury spa and swimming pool were lodged with Highland Council. But now it is on the market with agents Strutt and Parker at a reduced price. It was put up for sale a year ago at £1,500,00, but a deal to purchase it fell through. Now it’s being advertised as a ‘world-class residential or commercial development opportunity’, with Strutt and Parker saying the castle is ‘one of Highland Scotland’s most iconic castles’. Robert McCulloch, the agency’s head of estates and farm agency, Scotland, said: ‘It’s frustrating for the sellers and frustrating for the people who were very keen to buy it. ‘But the finance arrangements they had in place were not strong enough to commit to the purchase and to the renovation costs required. ‘So, with reluctance, they have had to withdraw. It is now back on the market, as happens from time to time with property sales. ‘It is priced to attract interest, and we hope to find someone who can conclude a sale this time. ‘It attracted interest last year, and I’ve no doubt it will again because of the iconic nature of the castle and its location. ‘Also, relative to other buildings of its size and style in other parts of the world, it looks pretty good value.’ According to Robert, the castle’s current owners are looking for a buyer who has the ideas and resources to not just complete the purchase but also develop the property. He said: ‘It needs someone who has a plan and the vision and the ability to see it through. ‘Whether that is an organisation or an individual, and whether it is for commercial use or private use, all options are open. ‘Our clients are responsible people, so they want to find someone with the best interests of the building and of the community at heart. ‘They have a keen desire to see the building restored in such a way that is sustainable for the long term. If that is in such a way that is providing local economy benefit, then so much the better.’ Carbisdale is also the scene of the last battle of James Graham, the 1st Marquis of Montrose, in support of the Royalist cause. Carbisdale is the last castle that was in Scotland, having been constructed between 1906 and 1917 for Mary Caroline, Dowager Duchess of Sutherland. It’s been said that it was built so that the Dowager Duchess could literally look down on her late husband’s family if they should pass by. According to The Gazetteer of Scotland, a geographical encyclopaedia, the castle was given the nickname The Castle of Spite, with its clock tower only having three faces with none that could be seen by the Duke as he passed in his private train on his way to Dunrobin Castle, near Golspie, his family’s property in Sutherland. It’s also said that the Duke would draw the blinds of his train carriage closed so he didn’t have to look at it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Parking space so small you can’t get out of your car can be yours for £85,000 MORE : You can live like royalty in this 1960s castle on sale for £350,000 MORE : Garage in Newcastle is on sale for £1.2million – but it has a surprise special feature