People struggling with energy bills have been warned to be careful if they use an open fire for heating instead, after a property burnt down in south London. A man put timber on a fire in New Malden, but the flames spread into the house and caught hold after he is believed to have had something flammable too close by. Investigators said today that the cause of the inferno has been determined as ‘involving an open fire being used instead of gas central heating.’ London Fire Brigade said that in the last few months alone they have had reports of more than 100 fires involving log burners, open fire and heaters. In the incident in New Malden, crews were called to Kingston Road just after 8.30am on April 26 when flames had spread through the house. They brought the fire under control by 10.30am but the house sustained ‘significant damage’. Paramedics treated three people at the scene, with one man being taken to hospital as a priority. No further details on their injuries have been given. With the cost of living rising and many trying to cut down on their electricity and gas bills, the fire service fear more people will try alternative means to heat their homes which may not be safe. Deputy assistant commissioner for fire safety Charlie Pugsley said: ‘We know this is a difficult time and people are thinking about ways to reduce their energy bills, but we’re really concerned that they may be putting lives at risk by doing so. ‘If you do have a log burner or an open fire, follow our advice carefully. Almost 30% of fires involving log burners, heaters and traditional open fires are caused by items being placed too close to a heat source. ‘Always use a fire guard and keep anything that could catch alight well away, such as logs and kindling which could be ignited by radiating heat. “It’s also important to make sure you have carbon monoxide alarms in your home. You can’t taste, see or smell carbon monoxide fumes, but it can kill in minutes. ‘Please don’t take the risk by using treated wood on fires. Not only can they produce toxic fumes, but they are also more likely to spit embers when burnt, which could set alight to nearby objects.’ A witness said they saw the man trying to put out the blaze in New Malden with a fire extinguisher when it started, while a policeman, who happened to be passing by, began knocking on the windows of the next-door property to make sure the residents got out. One neighbour, who declined to give her name, said: ‘You could not see [anything] as the smoke was so thick. It was just unbelievable. ‘I shut all my windows and whenever I opened the door to let someone in some smoke came into the hallway.’ She added that people taking their children to school were seen getting off buses and travelling by foot on Kingston Road due to the blanket of smoke. A next-door neighbour has temporarily moved out of her house due to minor smoke and water damage to their property, the neighbour said. Adam Scorer, chief executive of fuel poverty charity National Energy Action (NEA), described the incident as a ‘harsh and dangerous reality of the cost-of-living crisis’. ‘One in four UK households are now in fuel poverty, which means millions are facing impossible choices because of their high energy bills,’ he said. ‘Some are choosing between heating and eating, others are self disconnecting completely and some are even starting open fires. ‘These aren’t coping strategies. It’s people who feel they have no safe choice to make. Sadly, it will only become more common as the impact of the price rises and the reality of next winter hits home. ‘The Government has to get its priorities right. Government has to get money in the pockets and off the energy bills of those on lowest incomes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.