Celine Dion has shared a heartwarming photo of her three sons to celebrate Mother’s Day, and paid tribute to the families torn apart by the ongoing war in Ukraine. The All By Myself singer posed with her sons Rene-Charles, 21, and 11-year-old twins Eddy and Nelson as she held a candle next to a cake, while commending all the ‘courageous’ mothers caught up in the conflict. ‘This Mother’s Day, I feel very fortunate to be able to be with my children, and I think about mothers in Ukraine and around the world who have lost their children… and for those mothers who constantly worry about how to keep their children safe…’ Celine wrote. ‘And for those mothers who devote every ounce of their energy just to provide their children with the bare necessities of life. These mothers truly are the courageous ones, and I dedicate this Mother’s Day to all of them. We pray that they will find peace and comfort for their families. ❤- Celine xx…’ Her three sons are from her marriage to her longtime manager René Angélil, who died in 2016. The couple were married for 22 years until Angélil’s death after a battle with throat cancer aged 74. Celine paid tribute to her late husband on the sixth anniversary of his death earlier this year. ‘I would be lying if I said I’m fine, I think of you at least a hundred times, cause in the echo of my voice I hear your words just like you’re there… I miss you – Céline xx…’ she captioned a black and white photo of her late husband. The star was recently forced to cancel the remainder of the North American leg of her tour due to ‘recent health issues’. She told fans that she was ‘hoping she’d be good’ by now, but is following doctors’ orders by cancelling the shows. Celine tweeted a picture of a press release which read: ‘Celine Dion today announced that as her recovery from a recent health issue continues she unfortunately must cancel the remaining shows of the North American leg of her Courage World Tour, previously rescheduled for March – April 2022.’ The singer has also postponed her European tour until 2023, telling fans in a video on Instagram: ‘I’m so sorry we have to change our tour plans for Europe one more time; first we had to move the shows because of the pandemic, now it’s my health issues causing us to postpone the shows. ‘I am doing a little bit better…but I’m still experiencing some spasms. I need to be in top shape when I’m on stage. I honestly can’t wait, but I’m just not there yet… She added: ‘I’m doing my very best to get back to the level that I need to be so that I can give 100% at my shows because that’s what you deserve.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Adele has Celine Dion’s used chewing gum framed in her LA house because why not?: ‘It’s my most prized possession’ MORE : Celine Dion ‘heartbroken’ as she’s forced to postpone Las Vegas residency for medical reasons: ‘I have to focus on getting better’