French authorities are blaming ‘thousands of ticketless Liverpool fans’ for the chaos at the Stade de France during the Champions League final on Saturday evening. Kick-off for the match was delayed by 36 minutes after many Liverpool supporters were unable to get inside the stadium and were left in a dangerous situation outside the ground. French police have been heavily criticised for using tear gas on Liverpool fans, including children, who posed no threat and were simply waiting to get through their gate. Metro.co.uk reporter Dan Austin, who attended the match, wrote in his first-hand account that he spent two hours and 45 minutes locked outside Gate Z, while some fans with valid tickets were asked for bribes by stewards in order to enter the stadium. Locals without tickets were also seen amongst the crowds attempting to evade security, while others with legitimate tickets were unable to take their seats until the end of the first half. But France’s interior minister Gerald Darmanin posted on Twitter that ‘thousands of British “fans” without a ticket or with fake tickets, have forced their way in and, at times, assaulted the stewards’. French sports minister Amelie Oudea-Castera also placed the blame on English supporters. ‘The attempts of intrusion and fraud by thousands of English fans have complicated the work of the stewards and police forces, but they will not tarnish this victory,’ she posted on Twitter. The Paris police headquarters said in a statement: ‘Many supporters without tickets for the match or holders of counterfeit tickets disrupted access to the Stade de France, at the level of the external security perimeter.’ UEFA also appeared to follow the message from French authorities with their statement: ‘In the lead-up to the game, the turnstiles at the Liverpool end became blocked by thousands of fans who had purchased fake tickets which did not work in the turnstiles.’ Liverpool, however, hit out at French authorities for the treatment their fans received outside the stadium. ‘We are hugely disappointed at the stadium entry issues and breakdown of the security perimeter that Liverpool fans faced this evening at Stade de France,’ a club spokesperson said. ‘This is the greatest match in European football and supporters should not have to experience the scenes we have witnessed tonight. We have officially requested a formal investigation into the causes of these unacceptable issues.’ Merseyside Police also praised Liverpool supporters, claiming the ‘vast majority of fans behaved in an exemplary manner’ and arrived early. ‘As with all European matches officers from Merseyside were deployed in France to work in an observatory and advisory capacity with the local officers, and they have reported the vast majority of fans behaved in an exemplary manner, arriving at turnstiles early and queuing as directed and their observations will be passed on to the relevant authorities as part of the debrief for the game,’ a statement from Merseyside Police said. ‘Many thousands of fans have travelled throughout this season to matches across Europe and we have worked closely with our supporter groups, the Club and European hosts to ensure that the matches passed without incident and fans were kept safe. Our officers returning today will conduct a formal debrief to ensure that we can fully support any subsequent investigation following last night’s game.’ French police also confirmed that one arrest was made after someone was caught with 50 counterfeit tickets. On Sunday, French authorities confirmed that 105 people have been arrested and 39 taken into custody. French emergency services also confirmed that 238 people were treated for ‘minor injuries’, including tear gas poisoning. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 