Stop biting your nails, the anxious wait for the Platinum Jubilee weather forecast is over – and there are high hopes for some sun. ‘Good sunny spells’ are in store for the 16,000 street parties planned across the UK, but don’t expect a scorcher. The unsettled and unseasonably cool end to May – with some areas below freezing on Monday morning – will gradually give way to drier, brighter and warmer weather before for the long weekend. Met Office meteorologist Richard Miles said: ‘It’s fine and dry rather than major sunshine, but good sunny spells. Most people should see a bit of sunshine.’ Anyone heading outdoors for the celebrations should still prepare for all eventualities. ‘You’d be unlucky if you had to use the umbrella, but take one just in case, because you can never know,’ Mr Miles said. ‘You’re more likely to need the sunglasses than the umbrella.’  Mixed weather is on the way today, with sunshine in south-western areas in the afternoon, but showers hitting the north, east and Northern Ireland. Wednesday will be drier for many, with the clouds clearing further for the first day of the four-day bank holiday on Thursday. After a chilly start and showers in Northern Ireland and western Scotland, most of the UK will enjoy fine and dry conditions with sunny spells. On Friday, it will be a similar picture for most, with some areas basking in ‘plenty of sunshine’, though rain could fall in central and northern England. ‘On Saturday and Sunday, it’s looking quite settled, with most places seeing quite a bit of fine and dry weather again, with a risk of showers this time in the south east and east coast, maybe,’ Mr Miles said. The western half of the UK looks set to get the most of the weekend sunshine. Temperatures will be creeping closer to average for the time of year, making it feel warmer by the weekend. In London, where the official Jubilee celebrations are taking place, the mercury is set to hover in the early 20s. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.