Sky Sports presenter Martin Brundle couldn’t help but deliver a sassy clapback after being denied an interview with Bridgerton actress Simone Ashley. The awkward moment happened at the Monaco Grand Prix on Sunday afternoon which Simone attended accompanied by Euphoria actor Jacob Elordi, joining the host of other VIP guests including Naomi Campbell and Heidi Klum. However, Simone wasn’t up for being in the spotlight after all as Martin found out when he tried to approach the actress for a chat. The sports presenter was in the middle of his typical grid walk at the Formula One race when he spotted the actress, who starred as Kate in season two of Netflix period drama Bridgerton. ‘Is this Simone?’ Martin asked during the live broadcast. Simone half-turned to answer a quiet ‘hello’ before a member of her team stepped in to inform the presenter: ‘She doesn’t want to do any TV.’ A stunned Martin quipped: ‘She doesn’t want to do any TV? Well, we’re kind of halfway there already.’ He added: ‘It’s so good to see her on the grid. I’m not going to push, but I’d like to have a chat with you.’ Martin made another unsuccessful attempt before remarking sarcastically as he walked away: ‘That’s fine, whatever.’ The incident sparked a divided response with some supporting Simone’s choice not to be interviewed, and others branding it ‘rude’. One tweeted in favour of the actress: ‘Simone Ashley didn’t want to do interviews. Simple. Where’s the uproar for Jacob Elordi who also was there and didn’t want to do interviews? Misogyny at its finest. No one should be forced for an interview just because they’re “on the F1 grid”.’ Another agreed: ‘Simone Ashley smiles at Martin Brundle, her agents declines an interview and Martin gets cheeky and demands it since “it’s halfway”. Then Twitter erupts calling her “entitled, spoilt, a b***h, nobody”…yet it’s the same people who preach mental health awareness.’ Another said: ‘People getting angry at Simone Ashley for not doing an interview on the Monaco grid? Celebs on the grid have sometimes turned down interviews for as long as I’ve been watching the sport. She’s not entitled to give an interview there, and nor is any other celebrity at F1.’ However, others criticised the actress with one writing: ‘#SimoneAshley so rude turn down Martin Brundle. If you don’t want to be interviewed then don’t visit the F1 grid.’ One weighed in: ‘Totally uncool for the Bridgerton peeps to give the LEGEND that is @MBrundleF1 the cold shoulder. Expected better manners from Simone Ashley. I mean Drive to Survive is equally huge for @netflix.’ Several others pointed out other stars who have turned down an interview with Martin in the past, including Serena Williams and Megan Thee Stallion. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Gentleman Jack season episode 8 recap: Anne Lister and Ann Walker finally solidify their union – but is this the end? MORE : Top Gun: Maverick swoops in to become Tom Cruise’s biggest opening weekend ever with $248,000,000 worldwide 