An Australian TV reporter has helped save a young boy’s life after rushing into the surf during a live broadcast. Channel Seven reporter Paul Burt was on air when he noticed a 10-year-old boy was struggling to stay afloat in the surf on the Gold Coast, and he charged in the waters at Surfers Paradise to pull him out. In dramatic footage, he was seen rushing into the sea, before he and other beach-goers carried the child to safety. He later explained: ‘A group of family from Pakistan jumped in, they got sucked out. ‘[He] got dragged out into this fierce gutter, and of course into this rip …. About four or five of us jumped in and basically pulled him back to the beach. He’s living, he’s breathing, he’s conscious, he’s talking.’ He noted it took him almost 10 minutes to find the boy as other swimmers desperately searched amid the riptide, and there is ‘no doubt’ the boy would have swallowed a lot of water. Burt was actually doing a live report about the dangers of beach gutters, which can lure unsuspecting swimmers into life threatening situations. He told The Courier Mail: ‘We spent about 10 minutes looking for him, diving under the waves. I was thinking we’ve lost him, we’ve lost him. I was thinking about my son who’s a similar age. ‘We started walking out of the water and then we heard someone say, there he is, there he is.’ Meanwhile, the reporter’s cameraman Geoff Bowden admitted he was scared that both Burt and the child had drowned. In February 2021, Channel Nine reporter Luke Bradnam rushed into the ocean at Narrowneck beach on the Gold Coast to pull out the body of a swimmer – British gym manager Jake Jacobs, 32 – who had drowned after heading into the water the night before. He told Daily Mail Australia at the time: ‘We’d seen this boogie board rider motioning to us from the water and he looked like he was in distress. I felt like I had to do something because there didn’t look like there was anyone else around who’d be much good. ‘I got out there and sure enough, there’s a body face down in the water. The body boarder was looking like he was in shock and I’ve never experienced anything like that. I’ve never seen a dead body before.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : WWE Hall of Fame 2022: Shad Gaspard to be given Warrior Award two years after sacrificing own life to save his son MORE : Sir Keir Starmer’s GMB interview cuts off after technical blunder forces him off air 