A woman who bought her house for just £800 is now still living in the property – and it’s worth around £550,000. Winifred Flemming, 106, is thought to be the UK’s oldest homeowner still living in her property. She loved the place so much that she hasn’t moved out for 77 years. So the house has had quite a bit of time to go up in value – but it still demonstrates the huge rise in property prices in the UK. The equivalent of £800 in 1945 is around £37,800 today, calculated using annual RPI inflation – the size of many people’s deposit now, rather than the entire house. Great-grandmother Winifred bought her home after the end of World War Two in 1945. The pensioner, from West Wickham in Kent, says she’s still ‘fighting fit’ and able to look after herself – and says there is no place she’d rather live. Winifred, known as Win, purchased the home for less than £1,000 – and it’s now estimated the property is worth at least 550 times that. The centenarian employs carers who come a few times a week to help her with washing and house work, and a gardener to maintain her front and back lawn. The few hours of help a week has been enough for her to live comfortably at home for the past decade, and she has no plans to move anytime soon. Win said: ‘I worked extremely hard to afford this house – which I originally bought for just £800. ‘When I moved to West Wickham it was a lovely area and I’ve always had lots of friends and family around here. ‘I’ve got so comfortable here over the years and a lot of my most cherished memories all took place within these walls. ‘I never considered moving as my whole life was built around my cafe business that I owned for 28 years. ‘So much has changed since I first moved in it’s hard to put into words how different the area looks when I step out my front door. ‘During my time here I’ve done lots of work to the house and now it really is the perfect home. I plan on staying put for as long as possible.’ Win was widowed after her husband Henry died in 1997 and had been living on her own in the property up until last year. Since then, she has taken in her eldest daughter Yvonne Bloom, 84, whose health has deteriorated over the last 10 months. Yvonne suffers from Bipolar disorder and relies on her daughter Janine Bloom, 47, who is one of Win’s four grandchildren, to do her weekly shop. Janine shops for her grandmother at the same time, and decided it made sense to move her mum into Win’s house to make looking after them both a little easier. Win was overjoyed to have Yvonne moving back in with her at this stage of their lives, and hasn’t given up her role of caring for her daughter. Yvonne is Win’s only daughter. She also had a son named Brian who sadly passed away in 2012. Janine, a mum of two herself, said: ‘My nan is such an incredible woman. ‘Up until recently she was fully independent, but she broke her hip just before her 103rd birthday which has impacted her mobility. ‘She’s such a caring person and she doesn’t let her age affect her positive outlook on life. ‘There may come a time where we’ll have to start thinking about moving her, but at the moment she’s going nowhere – she’s made that very clear! ‘She still takes cups of tea up to mum when she’s not feeling well which I think is really incredible. ‘Win is still reminding everyone when the bins need to go out every week, and what needs to be done round the house. ‘Despite having carers come in, she always does her best to help them dust and tidy up. ‘When we first got her some help she found it hard to relinquish control because she always wants to do everything for herself no matter what it is – that’s just the type of person she is.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.