Katie Price’s Mucky Mansion renovation show has reportedly been renewed for a second season after the first was a hit with fans. The Channel 4 show, which charted the makeover of the former glamour model’s home after it had fallen into disrepair, is reportedly heading back to the mansion to continue with the works. According to reports from The Sun, Katie, 43, will net another £45,000 payday as filming begins again in June. A source claimed: ‘C4 were really pleased with the reaction to the show – and Katie jumped at the chance to sign up for a second series. ‘The house is far from finished so she needs all the help she can get.’ The first series had aired in February and shown Katie working with her builder to repair the 19-room, £1.3million Sussex home she had previously lived in. The property had fallen into serious disrepair after being left empty, with vandals also breaking in and causing more damage by leaving taps running in upstairs bathrooms, causing the kitchen ceiling below to cave in. Katie had decided to move back into the house but wanted it to be completely remodelled as she had found it difficult to return to it in its prior state as it reminded her of difficult times in her life. The three-episode series which aired at the start of the year had seen many rooms transformed but wasn’t without its own mishaps, as Katie was seen dropping a chimney pot off a cherry picker and smashing her guttering and roof tiles. She said at the time: ‘My house has been called the Mucky Mansion in the past, but it’s not that anymore, I’m making it a home. ‘I’m getting my hands dirty and doing a lot of the work myself and, with the help of my amazing family and some brilliant friends, I’m putting the past behind me and rebuilding. ‘My house is a bit like my life, it’s being put back together like I’m being put back together.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to reps for Katie Price and Channel 4 for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price shares cosy photo with fiance Carl Woods after he rubbished ‘ridiculous’ split claims MORE : Katie Price admires engagement ring while photographed out with Carl Woods after reunion speculation 