Harry Styles appears to have pulled a Liam Payne and developed a ‘new’ accent in his latest interview with Zane Lowe, and fans are devastated that his famous northern accent seems to have been watered down. The Watermelon Sugar singer has sat down with the Apple Music presenter to discuss his new album, Harry’s House, past relationships and where he stands with his former One Direction bandmates. Despite the gems Hazza was dropping during the lengthy interview, many viewers just couldn’t get past the singer’s mesh of accents that he appears to now have. Reacting to his new tone, one fan tweeted: ‘Absolutely losing my mind over harry styles’ new accent this morning what on earth.’ ‘Obviously i adore harry styles but why has he got an australian accent all of a sudden,’ another said. Needing all the answers, one fan said: ‘I’m watching the harry styles & zane lowe interview and I have one problem with it. Can Harry just pick a damn accent. Hes [sic] either English or American. Just pick one Mr Styles.’ Another said: ‘Harry styles has such a funny accent bc he is so northern but says and EXTREMELY american.’ One viewer questioned: ‘Why is harry styles’ accent all over the place in that recent interview?’ Completely baffled, another wrote: ‘Wtf happened to Harry Styles’s accent?!?’ Harry, 28, was born in Redditch, Worcestershire but grew up in Cheshire, before moving to London at the height of his fame in 1D. He has since relocated primarily to the US where he has found love with actress Olivia Wilde. So, it’s safe to say, Harry’s mysterious new accent is probably a blend of all the above. He’s not the only One Direction star to have picked up a twang in recent months as Strip That Down hitmaker Liam recently confused fans when he spoke in multiple accents at the Oscars. While sharing his thoughts on Will Smith slapping Chris Rock, Liam’s accent appeared to weave in and out of Dutch, Welsh, American and Italian. Coincidentally, Harry was quizzed on his former bandmate’s new speech during a recent Capital FM interview, with the presenter asking: ‘Have you started to get a trans-Atlantic accent from America?’ A grinning Harry replied: ‘I don’t think in the time I just got here, because I only got in yesterday… in the space I’ve been here this trip I think I’ve survived.’ ‘I think [my accent] is a bit all over the place because I’m from up North and I lived in London for 10 years. And I spent a lot of time in America and stuff.’ He continued: ‘When I’m with Americans I don’t think they think I sound American at all. And then I think when I’m with English people they expect me to sound American. ‘I don’t think I do [have an American accent] but maybe I’ve picked up a couple of bits…but I try and translate with whoever I’m with.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Taylor Swift is boyfriend Joe Alwyn’s number one cheerleader as she gives verdict on Conversations With Friends: ‘It’s phenomenal’ MORE : Selling Sunset’s Christine Quinn ducks for safety under desk after book signing ambushed by anti-fur protesters 