Two decades on from their iconic Popstars: The Rivals audition, the Cheeky Girls are still living up to their name, with the pair causing chaos on This Morning. Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were due to interview the twin sisters, Gabriela and Monica Irimia, on the show, but revealed that the pair were still racing across London as they’d gone to the wrong studio. Teasing their interview, Phil explained: ‘Well, we hope they’re gonna be here because actually they’re so retro they went to the old studio on the South Bank. ‘ ‘They’re currently travelling across London trying to get here,’ Holly added. ‘It’s being pulled down so they’ll be covered in builder’s dust and goodness only knows what,’ Phil pointed out. ‘Oh girls!’ Holly sighed, optimistically adding: ‘They’ll get here’. Thankfully, the sisters made it to their interview to promote their new song Let’s Have Fun, describing it as a ‘celebration’ of their 20 years on stage. The Cheeky Girls, who are originally from Transylvania, Romania, shot to fame in 2002 when they auditioned for Popstars: The Rivals with their absolute bop The Cheeky Song (Touch My Bum). They eventually lost out to Girls Aloud, but safe to say the Cheeky Girls definitely earned their place as beacons of UK culture. The pair, who are now 39, had four top 10 hits, with The Cheeky Song getting to number 2 and their songs Take Your Shoes Off and Hooray Hooray (It’s A Cheeky Holiday) getting to number three. Their one and only album, Party Time as In My Mind (Is A Different World – A Cheeky One), however, did not chart. Earlier this year, Gabriela and Monica made their long-awaited comeback, releasing their song Let’s Have Fun 20 years after their incredible debut. In a nod to their debut single, the duo’s new banger was written by their beloved mum Margit, so you can expect similar vibes. Announcing their comeback on Twitter, the sisters said: ‘Hi Guyz, please check out our new song.. It is released on all platforms Let’s Have Fun…XX!’ Lyrics include: ‘We just want to have fun, cheeky- cheeky. Two of us is better than one, mm-mm. We just want to have twice as much fun, two of us is better than one.’ This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Morning’s Josie Gibson screams in fear as she abseils down Television Centre dressed as Spider-Man MORE : ‘Who’s Lorraine?’ Boris Johnson shades TV ‘legend’ Lorraine Kelly after tense Susanna Reid interview on Good Morning Britain 