A$AP Rocky has opened up about the father he wants to be in a new interview, after becoming a dad for the first time. The Praise the Lord rapper, 33, welcomed his first child with girlfriend Rihanna, who is thought to have given birth to a baby boy in LA this month. The loved-up couple have yet to confirm their happy news, or share any pictures or the name of their newborn. In a new interview, he offered a rare insight into their fiercely private relationship and what he is hoping to pass on to their brood. ‘I will always remind my children to never lose their imagination, even as adults, no matter what. I actually love to watch cartoons – I’ve watched like, Teletubbies, Blue’s Clues, Yo Gabba Gabba, Peppa Pig and Baby Shark,’ he told Dazed and Confused. ‘I hope to raise open-minded children. Not people who discriminate. And I’m not trying to describe a saint, but realistically, I just want a cool child with cool parents. ‘Things like diversity and versatility are important, and they’ll be embedded in the household.’ Rocky, real name Rakim Mayers, has known the We Found Love musician for years and they have collaborated in the past – with RiRi famously popping up in the 2013 video for his Fashion Killa track. They were romantically linked in 2020 before going on to officially confirm their romance soon after, but have made sure to keep their relationship firmly behind closed doors. That door was flung open at the beginning of this year when they confirmed that they were expecting their first child together, with a stunning, instantly iconic, bump-baring photoshoot around the streets of New York. Of course, they went all out with the baby shower, with Rocky telling the publication that they decided to throw a raver-themed bash. ‘I like to think that the stars were aligned,’ he added of their relationship – as well as some of their fashion moments. ‘I think it’s just natural. We happen to look good together naturally. You know, it would take a lot of work to have us forcefully match before we leave the house. Sometimes we match to a T, or we just wear the same clothes. If I buy a shirt that she likes, I expect to get it stolen… but then I gotta steal it back.’ Rihanna has kept a very low profile since giving birth to their son, and has been absent on social media ever since. She previously made headlines when she lifted the lid on her bond with Rocky in a candid interview with Vogue, explaining that their journey from friends to something more didn’t come easy at first. ‘People don’t get out of the friend zone very easily with me,’ she said at the time. ‘And I certainly took a while to get over how much I know him and how much he knows me, because we also know how much trouble we can land each other in. ‘I love the simple things but also the grand adventures. There’s no pretentious my-brand-your-brand bulls**t, it’s just us living. I just feel like I can do any part of life by his side. ‘What I love the most about us? Transparency with everything: how we’re feeling, what our goals are, what our fears and insecurities are. The vulnerability to be able to say what you feel about each other.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island 2022: First-ever deaf contestant Tasha Ghouri won’t require an interpreter MORE : John Bishop and Damian Lewis cause mischief during six-hour delayed flight after Champions League final 