Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has become the first manager to reach five Champions League finals, while Pep Guardiola now shares an unwanted record with Jose Mourinho. Manchester City appeared to have one foot in the final after Riyad Mahrez netted a brilliant goal in the 73rd minute of Wednesday night’s semi-final second leg at the Bernabeu, giving the side a 5-3 lead on aggregate. But a dramatic and scarcely believable late brace from substitute Rodrygo – the second of which was a sublime header – sent the match to extra-time. Minutes after the restart, Karim Benzema won a penalty and slotted it into the bottom corner with supreme ease to secure a 6-5 aggregate victory and set up a clash with Liverpool in the final in Paris later this month. Real have largely been second best in ties against Paris Saint-Germain, Chelsea and now Manchester City, but may feel their name is written on the trophy after another incredible comeback. The result means Ancelotti now stands apart as the manager with the most Champions League final appearances. He had previously been tied on four alongside Manchester United legend Sir Alex Ferguson, Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp and compatriot Marcello Lippi, but has overtaken that trio by reaching his fifth final. By contrast, Guardiola has joined old rival Mourinho with the unwanted record of having suffered the most semi-final eliminations in the Champions League. The Spaniard exited the competition at the penultimate hurdle twice with Barcelona – in 2010 and 2012 – and three times while in charge of Bayern Munich in three successive seasons between 2014 and 2016. Wednesday’s defeat to Real Madrid is Guardiola’s sixth semi-final defeat, while it is the sixth time he has conceded four or more goals when exiting the Champions League. Speaking after his side’s incredible win, Ancelotti told BT Sport: ‘I cannot say we are used to live this kind of night, but I think it happened also tonight what happened against Chelsea, what happened against [PSG]. ‘It’s really difficult to say why. This is the biggest history of this club that help us to keep going when it seems we are gone.’ MORE : Real Madrid to face Liverpool in Champions League final after astonishing fightback against Manchester City MORE : Real Madrid or Manchester City? Mohamed Salah reveals his preferred Champions League final opponent For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 