When Chelsea Ruby, now 28, discovered she was pregnant at 20 years old, it was a massive shock. But when family members told the single mum that she had ruined her life and would never be able to do the things she wanted, Chelsea decided to prove them wrong. How? By fulfilling her dreams of travelling the world – with her son by her side every step of the way. In 2015, when Reginald was just two years old, his mum booked the duo’s one-wat flight to Thailand. Since then, the pair have travelled across 22 different countries – and they’re loving it. ‘I fell pregnant unexpectedly,’ said Chelsea. ‘I had broken up with Reginald’s dad to go and do season in Zante and whilst I was there I had fainted and then found out was 10 weeks pregnant. ‘I then flew home and stayed with his dad for a year and half but realised we just weren’t compatible, we just had good friendship instead. ‘I decided that I wanted to take him travelling so I sold everything I had and when he was two we flew to Thailand, and spent three years travelling around world together. ‘We visited the Philippines, Cambodia, Thailand, Miami, Florida and then spent seven weeks Europe and drove the across the whole coast of southern Europe – from Spain to Italy, it was beautiful. ‘We have visited 22 countries together and he is only seven. ‘I wanted to prove I could do this when people said I was too young and it was too dangerous. ‘I would rather die with elephants than crossing road in London going to work every day. There are risks in anything you do so why not make the most of life?’ Chelsea had to make some major sacrifices to make this lifestyle work. She sold all her stuff to afford the travel, which meant that when the family returned to the UK, they had to go into temporary accommodation. ‘But I didn’t care because I had two years of memories and life is so short,’ said the mum. ‘In his seven years I have gained more with him than what people would get in 70 years.’ To keep costs low, the adventurers stayed in hostels Monday to Friday then ‘lived as a king and queen’ at the weekends. ‘I worked so hard to afford it, and that’s what I want people to realise that if I can do it anyone can,’ Chelsea said. ‘We were in Thailand for just under seven weeks and with flights and accommodation plus spending money it only cost me £1,500 in total. ‘If you want it can you work for it, you make these temporary sacrifices but you make the memories.’ Chelsea now lives between London and Marbella working as a celebrity makeup artist. When she and Reginald returned from their travels, Chelsea chose to home-school her son until he was six years old, but he has since joined traditional schooling. The mum said: ‘Reginald was progressing so much independently already, I didn’t want him to be corrupted by school. ‘If I had it my way he wouldn’t be at school at all, I think he needs to be shown life experiences such as travelling, how to deal with debt, credit ratings instead.’ Chelsea hopes that by sharing her story, she’ll encourage other parents to take that leap and live the life they truly want. She hopes her love of travel will be passed on to Reginald, too.  ‘I was quite materialistic when I was younger but when I went travelling it made me realise that moments meant more than handbags, shoes and nights out,’ Chelsea said. ‘ It opened my eyes to how big and beautiful the world is. ‘It made me realise that smaller less expensive things are most precious, and travelling with my son helped me find myself. ‘I really hope Reginald will continue to travel. For his 18th would love to get him enough air miles to travel around the world, I want to encourage him to go and find himself, and don’t want him stuck in one friendship group. ‘I learnt that the world is your oyster and feel like I became so wise from travelling so I want him to do the same. ‘Our travelling together definitely hasn’t ended, we have still go to so many places to visit but already, those two-and-a-half years have given me a lifetime of happiness.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman transforms home into colourful wonderland for £5,000 MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know MORE : Woman travels the world looking after other people’s pets