Piers Morgan has put Boris Johnson on blast after he awkwardly asked who Lorraine Kelly was. During Tuesday’s episode of Good Morning Britain, Susanna Reid grilled the PM on him being fined over the lockdown parties that happened at Downing Street, the millions of pounds being given to Ukraine amid the Russia war, and the cost of living crisis. As Mr Johnson attempted to get his last few words in, Susanna interrupted him to introduce Lorraine Kelly, whose titular programme airs right after GMB. ‘Lorraine is waiting to take up all the issues that you have brought up in this interview,’ Susanna informed him. However, the PM seemed totally confused as to what was going on and asked: ‘Who’s Lorraine?’ The awkward moment sparked a reaction from Piers, but before he dived in, he praised his former TV wife Susanna for ‘skewering’ Mr Johnson ‘beautifully.’ During his latest episode of Piers Morgan Uncensored, he told Tom Newton Dunn: ‘We all know Lorraine Kelly. I think he knows Lorraine Kelly, he just didn’t know what on earth was going on in that whole interview. ‘The trouble is he can probably survive partygate to a degree, maybe even survive surging inflation. He can’t survive insulting Lorraine Kelly – it’s over. It’s over for him.’ Lorraine immediately brushed the apparent snub off her shoulders during yesterday’s show, and told her audience: ‘I love how he said “who’s Lorraine?” I mean why should he know who I am, I mean he’s busy in the mornings and he wouldn’t be watching us, although he could learn a lot as you know. ‘That was just so, so funny. Lots of people saying he’s lost votes – of course he hasn’t lost votes.’ GMB viewers found the head-scratching moment somewhat hilarious, with one tweeting: ‘Boris Johnson ends excellent @susannareid100  interview by asking “who is Lorraine?” @reallorraine and there goes another 1.5 million votes.’ ‘“Who’s Lorraine?” #Boris failing the ultimate test of being in touch with the country on,’ another weighed in. Elsewhere, Piers launched his 24/7 channel TalkTV on April 25, inviting the likes of Sharon Osbourne and Jeremy Kyle to front their own chat chows. Since his highly-anticipated debut, Piers has been voicing his opinions on everything from Meghan Markle to ‘snowflake society.’ However, the channel’s ratings have only plummeted since its inception, with almost half switching off after just one night. Piers Morgan Uncensored airs on TalkTV, 8pm Monday – Friday (Sky 526, Virgin Media 627, Freeview 237, and Freesat 217). Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan says Marilyn Monroe would be ‘turning in her grave’ over Kim Kardashian wearing her dress MORE : Susanna Reid offers Boris Johnson alternative response to pensioner who rides bus to stay warm after car-crash GMB interview: ‘Is she supposed to be grateful?’ 