Boris Johnson is braced for a bruising day after finally receiving Sue Gray’s bombshell report on lockdown-busting parties in Downing Street and Whitehall. The report, which will be made public later today, is expected to be highly critical of the culture in No 10 which led to the repeated violations of Covid restrictions during the height of the pandemic. It comes after the conclusion of Scotland Yard’s investigation into the partygate scandal, which has come under criticism  after photos emerged of Boris Johnson giving a toast to colleagues at a leaving do on November 13 2020, during England’s second national lockdown. Police decided not to fine the prime minister over the event, though at least one other person was. As well as a 37-page report, the documents handed to No 10 include nine photos related to partygate incidents, including pictures of the Prime Minister, Mr Case and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. It is also expected to criticise top civil servant Simon Case, but he has made clear he will not be resigning and the prime minister will not sack him. Following his receipt of her report – which he has pledged to publish in full – Mr Johnson will make a statement to MPs in the Commons. Later on Wednesday, he will stage a press conference in Downing Street and address the 1922 Committee of backbench Tory MPs who will have to decide whether the findings are sufficiently serious to warrant a push to oust him. Ms Gray’s report will give the clearest picture so far of events which led to widespread public anger and sent trust in the government plummeting to an all time low. Officials impacted by the inquiry, including those to be named, were written to ahead of its publication, allowing them to have a chance to respond before it was finalised. The Met issued 126 fines during its investigation to 83 people, but did not name those who received them. However, Downing Street confirmed that Boris Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak were all handed a Fixed Penalty Notice (FPN)  for attending a birthday party for the PM in the cabinet office in June 2020. But junior staff are said to be furious the prime minister ‘got away’ with just a single fine while some of them got multiple for attending the same events he was allegedly at. In a dramatic development yesterday, three No 10 whistleblowers alleged that Downing Street parties were routine during the pandemic and happened with Mr Johnson’s ‘implicit permission’. It was claimed rules were regularly broken, some events lasted all night and security guards were laughed at for trying to shut them down. Another picture also emerged late on Tuesday showing a man standing at a table in Downing Street surrounded by bottles of wine and prosecco as well as doughnuts and cake. Messages appear to suggest staff planned the event and discussed buying ‘reinforcement booze’, according to The Daily Mirror. It is believed the gathering was a leaving do for the prime minister’s then-official spokesman James Slack on  November 17 2020, during the second national lockdown. Thirty to 40 staff are understood to have attended the event, but it was not one of the 12 investigated by police. Downing Street did not comment on the latest flurry of claims, saying it would wait for the publication of the Sue Gray report. This has long been the defence of ministers and the PM himself when grilled over the culture of rule-breaking in Whitehall during the pandemic. With the report finally set to be published today, Mr Johnson is expected to give a statement to the House of Commons where it is understood he will apologise again to the public. In a bid to take some of the sting out of the report, Sky News reports that Chancellor Rishi Sunak could finally announce a multi-billion pound financial package to help with the cost of living crisis as early as tomorrow. This is likely to prompt accusations of a ‘dead cat’ to distract from criticism, though the government will argue the announcement is necessary due to inflation and yet another rise in the energy price cap. Opposition MPs, and a handful of Conservatives, are calling for the prime minister to resign over partygate. Some have accused Mr Johnson of lying to parliament when he denied being at the November 13 party following a direct question about his attendance after reports of the do emerged last year. He has insisted rules were followed ‘at all times’ in Downing Street – which has since become the most fined place in Britain. Today’s Sue Gray report will be the final version after an interim copy was published  at the end of January, with the rest delayed because the Met police had begun their own, parallel inquiry. The interim version, although light on detail, was highly critical of the leadership and judgement in No 10. Cabinet minister George Eustice said he expects the final report to build on that criticism. He said Mr Johnson accepted that there had been ‘failings’ in government and had apologised for what went wrong. He told Times Radio: ‘Clearly what happened in No 10 is a culture developed where they were working there, it was their place of work, and there were times when they would have a drink at the end of the day. ‘That boundary between what was acceptable and what wasn’t got blurred and that was a mistake. ‘Sue Gray highlighted that in her first interim report and I think she is almost certainly going to say more about that when her final report comes out. ‘The Prime Minister himself has accepted that and recognises there were of course failings and therefore there’s got to be some changes to the way the place is run.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.