Ezra Miller has claimed that they ‘film themselves getting assaulted for NFT crypto art’ in a clip captured on bodycam footage from their arrest at a Hawaii bar from earlier this year. In March, it was announced that Miller, who stars in the DC Extended Universe as The Flash, had been arrested after an incident where they ‘became agitated while patrons at the bar began singing karaoke’. Reports alleged that the 29-year-old, who identifies as non-binary and uses they/them pronouns, ‘began yelling obscenities and at one point grabbed the microphone from a 23-year-old woman singing karaoke…and later lunged at a 32-year-old man playing darts’. In new footage released from the night, one of the actor’s alleged victims informs police officers that Miller targeted them, spitting in their face. In the clip obtained by TMZ, the actor claims that they were assaulted, explaining that they started filming the incident because ‘I film myself when I get assaulted for NFT crypto art’. ‘I got assaulted and I started filming. Let me show you the video,’ Miller can be heard saying. ‘I got assaulted in this bar, twice in a row. I film myself when I get assaulted for NFT crypto art.’ The Justice League actor can be heard yelling for a police officer to share their name and badge number, looking taken aback when they were informed that they were being cuffed for disorderly conduct. They claim that the ‘guy at the bar declared himself as a Nazi’, stating: ‘I have it on film and he attacked me.’ Miller was filmed using their amendment rights during the incident, declaring: ‘I claim my ninth amendment rights to not be unlawfully persecuted for a crime of no designation. Disorderly conduct means something I am un-guilty of. I claim my fourth amendment rights to not be searched and seized on no probable cause, that you will not be able to offer in a court of law.’ The Fantastic Beasts actor also alleged in the footage that one of the police officers touched their genitals, saying: ‘Please don’t do that. I’m transgender, non-binary and I don’t want to be searched by a man!’ In a statement released by the Hawaii Police Department on Facebook in March, they wrote: ‘On Sunday, March 27, at 11:30 p.m., South Hilo patrol officers responded to a report of disorderly patron at a bar on Silva Street. During the course of their investigation, police determined that the [person], later identified as Ezra Miller, became agitated while patrons at the bar began singing karaoke. ‘Miller began yelling obscenities and at one point grabbed the microphone from a 23-year-old woman singing karaoke (disorderly conduct offense) and later lunged at a 32-year-old man playing darts (harassment offense). The bar owner asked Miller to calm down several times to no avail.’ Miller was arrested for a second time in April for second-degree assault, reportedly throwing a chair, which is set to have hit a woman on the forehead. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Who is Ezra Miller and what films have they been in? MORE : Ezra Miller’s future projects ‘in jeopardy’ after film bosses hold ‘emergency meeting’ over arrest 