Ryan Reynolds, David Beckham, and Will Ferrell were spotted hanging out together at Wembley Stadium during Wrexham’s crushing defeat to Bromley on Sunday afternoon. In scenes that we didn’t have on our bingo sheet for 2023, the group were pictured in the box at the famous football grounds, with Ryan’s wife Blake Lively and Wrexham AFC co-owner Rob McElhenney also in attendance. Ryan, Will and David looked engaged in conversation as they spoke animatedly before the match kicked off. As the game got underway, Ryan was full of support for his beloved team Wrexham and was seen cheering and hollering with his wife Blake by his side. At one point, the Deadpool star even flashed his team a double thumbs up. After the match, which saw Wrexham lose to Bromley 1-0, Ryan joined Rob on the pitch where they no doubt rallied around the players. Ryan and Rob took full control of the National League club from the Wrexham Supporters Trust in February 2021, investing £2million under the terms of the deal. Last month, Ryan gifted his Wrexham AFC co-owner Rob a commemorative urinal at the club’s football stadium in the Welsh town. In the video posted to Twitter, the 45-year-old Deadpool star cut a tiny red ribbon strung across a golden plaque with Rob’s name and birth date, and placed above a urinal in a bathroom block at the Racecourse Ground. The plaque read: ‘This urinal is dedicated to Robert McElhenney on his birthday – April 14. ‘With love from Wrexham AFC, paid for by Ryan Reynolds.’ In the video, Ryan delivered an eloquent speech and popped a bottle of champagne during a mocking ceremony, while emotional music played in the background. He said: ‘Today we commemorate a man, not just any man, Mr co-chairman Robert Lucinda McElhenney, with this memorial urinal.’ Wrexham AFC was formed at The Turf in 1864 and the Racecourse remains the world’s oldest stadium that continues to stage international games. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 