Britain’s Got Talent star Jonathan Goodwin has been left paralysed and in a wheelchair after one of his terrifying stunts went horribly wrong. The daredevil, who rose to fame on the 2019 series of the talent show, suffered the horrifying accident in October 2021 while he was rehearsing for a spin-off show, America’s Got Talent: Exreme. He was performing a stunt in which he would hang upside down 30 feet in the air between two suspended cars and escape from a straitjacket. However, the cars were released too early and he was crushed between them as they caught on fire. He was hospitalised, with his fiancee, actress Amanda Abbington, revealing the horrifying extent of his injuries. ‘He fell 30 feet and lost a kidney, broke both shoulder blades, shattered both legs,’ she said. ‘Third degree burns, broke his spine and severed his spinal cord and, nearly died. And then on the operating table, he nearly died again,’ she added to Out To Lunch podcast with Jay Rayner. ‘He’s just been in rehab since October…He’s paralysed now, he’s in a wheelchair. Unless there’s a kind of stem cell surgery or that thing that Elon Musk is designing with the little chip, he’ll be like that [forever].’ Despite the injuries, Amanda, 48, said Jonathan, 42, has stayed ‘positive and upbeat and so strong’. Amanda went on to recall receiving a voicemail from Jonathan before his surgery where he told her he loved her and said there was a 50% chance he wouldn’t make it. Thankfully, he survived and has been keeping fans updated on his recovery. Jonathan previously told fans after his accident: ‘There is a long road to recovery and that won’t look like what it did… ‘I may leave the daft s**t alone for a while, but I have a lot left to do in this world.’ Jonathan had appeared on America’s Got Talent in 2020 and had returned to compete on the ‘Extreme’ version of the show. At the time, the series paused production after the incident to ‘focus on the wellbeing of crew.’ A statement from the show read: ‘Our thoughts and prayers remain with Jonathan Goodwin and his family as he continues to recover from his accident on Thursday. ‘In order to focus on the wellbeing of our crew, we will be temporarily pausing production on America’s Got Talent: Extreme and will resume the last few days of filming at a later date. ‘The health and safety of our cast and crew continue to be our priority.’ Amanda confirmed her relationship with Jonathan last year, with the pair getting engaged just half an hour after meeting in person for the first time. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : AGT stuntman Jonathan Goodwin confirms he is engaged to Sherlock star Amanda Abbington: ‘The best thing to ever happen to me’ MORE : Amanda Abbington breaks silence on ‘worst six days’ after fiancé Jonathan Goodwin almost killed in stunt accident 