Simon Cowell made a savage dig at ‘boring politicians’ while sharing his critique after a Britain’s Got Talent semi-final performance, comparing them to a children’s choir. Tonight, the live shows of the ITV competition continue ahead of Sunday’s grand final, when a winner will be crowned for the 2022 series. The second act to perform during Tuesday’s heat was the Armed Forces Children’s Choir, a group made up of kids whose parents are in the armed forces. Several of the children broke down in tears during the heartfelt song, as judge Amanda Holden told them that she thought it was ‘one of the most emotional and courageous performances’ she had ever seen on the show. Next came Simon’s turn to deliver feedback, as he told the choir: ‘All of you were amazing. I think remembering that all of your mums and dads are in the armed forces, which is why this choir came together. ‘If you think about what’s happening in the world right now with the jubilee, it’s so interesting how a bunch of really talented kids can make a much stronger message than a bunch of boring politicians.’ The media mogul continued, telling the choir that their performance ‘was everything we would have wanted from you in the finals’. ‘I’m so proud of all of you, congratulations. And I love the song as well by the way,’ he added. The choir were invited to take part in Britain’s Got Talent after Simon paid them a personal visit during a rehearsal. On Monday evening, the first semi-final of the 2022 series saw busker Maxwell Thorpe and ventriloquist Jamie Leahey soar through to the final stage of the competition. Maxwell won the public vote, leaving the decision up to the judges to choose between comedian Jamie and magician Junwoo. The haunting Witch act made a chilling return during the live show, although several viewers were disgruntled by the judges speaking over the performance. ‘The Witches act on #BritainsGotTalent was ruined by the judges making it all about them with constant jokes whilst the Witch was trying to do their thing; ruined the momentum and took away the scary edge,’ one person wrote. ‘I’m sorry but the Audacity of the judges tonight during #TheWitches#BGT#BritainsGotTalent Absolutely ruined that act they did. The Witches need to be bought back and re-do another act to make up for what the judges ruined,’ another remarked. Britain’s Got Talent returns tomorrow at 8pm on ITV and ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Britain’s Got Talent: Why does David Walliams have a different chair? MORE : Kirstie Allsopp thanks ‘loyal’ Amanda Holden for defending her on Britain’s Got Talent following trust fund jibe 