Millions of people are expected to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee over the bumper bank holiday weekend with celebrations planned across the UK. An estimated 16,000 street parties will be thrown over the extended weekend after councils received ‘a huge number’ of applications from people eager to celebrate the monarch’s 70-year milestone. Many councils have waived administration fees for road closures, of which there were 9,500 during the Queen’s Diamond Jubilee in 2012, the Local Government Association said. A snap poll of a dozen councils by the LGA showed they have approved more than 1,000 street parties. Extrapolated nationally, it could mean more than 16,000 Platinum Jubilee bashes. LGA chairman James Jamieson, said: ‘Councils are pulling out all the stops to help their communities celebrate a historic day for our country. ‘Whether it be approving thousands of local road closures for free or putting on big community events, councils are doing what they do best and bringing people together in innovative ways to mark this important milestone. ‘After two tough years at the height of the Covid-19 pandemic, we hope that this time will allow people to raise a toast and celebrate with their loved ones and neighbours.’ Some street parties will be private while others are open to the public. Hertfordshire County Council alone has received a record 475 street party applications while the London Borough of Waltham Forest has approved over 100 events and is putting on a mile-long street party. While most street parties will take place on Sunday June 5, jubilee celebrations will kick off on Thursday, when the Queen’s birthday parade and trooping the colour will take place in London followed by the lighting of the principal beacon. On Friday a thanksgiving service will take place at St Paul’s Cathedral, followed by a reception at Guildhall hosted by the Lord Mayor. Celebrations will continue on Saturday with the Epsom Derby and the BBC’s Platinum Party in central London. The weekend will come to a close with thousands of community events and the jubilee pageant in London. Councils including Wyre Forest, Gedling and Surrey Heath are hosting jubilee events such as beacon lighting, picnics and tea parties. Elsewhere commemorative tree planting is underway as part of the Queen’s Green Canopy initiative, and libraries are gearing up for the Big Jubilee Read campaign celebrating books by authors from across the Commonwealth published during her seven decades as sovereign. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.