A pensioner who shared a tearful embrace with Prince William said he was overcome with emotion because it reminded him of hugging his estranged son. William Burns, 66, was among royal fans outside a homeless project in Glasgow on Wednesday when the Duke of Cambridge threw protocol to the wind and put his arms around him. The Scottish pensioner looked visibly moved by the gesture, breaking down in tears as he hugged the future King back. Now, the grandfather-of-25 has revealed why the moment meant so much to him. The Kennishead resident said it had a particular significance because he had fallen out with one of his sons during an incident which led to him being evicted. ‘I am a grandfather. It felt like a son hugging a father,’ he told the Daily Mail. ‘It was the way he hugged me. I didn’t expect that really to be honest. It was a boost. I’ve never felt anything like it in my entire life before and my existence as a human being.’ Mr Burns fell out with his son after he received four anti-social behaviour notices that led to him being evicted and briefly made homeless. This came after the tragic death of his first wife Jean, his ‘first love’ who passed away while in his arms. ‘She fell pregnant (in the 1970s) and I had to marry her,’ Mr Burns said, chuckling. ‘I fell in love with the girl and she did the same with me.’ The pair were married for three decades and raised six children – Michelle, James, Adele, Stephanie, Kerry and stepson Matthew. ‘Matthew was Jean’s son but I took him as my own,’ Mr Burns said. After his eviction, his luck soon turn around when he met second wife Ellen, who he eventually moved in with. ‘She’s a lovely lady. We have been married four years in September. We’ve never been on a honeymoon. We’ve never been anywhere.’ The pensioner now suffers from the chronic lung condition emphysema, which causes shortness of breath and can lead to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). He described meeting Prince William as a ‘boost’ saying he originally went out to see him after noticing ‘all the commotion and excitement’ at his arrival. He said: ‘I thought I would go down for a peek-about. My wife was down there and I was standing talking to people who know me well because I am one of the longest people living here. ‘I saw Kate and thought, that lady is wonderful. She is beautiful and clearly a beautiful person. ‘I was standing with my wife when William came over to the crowd. ‘I decided to meet the chap and I went to shake the man’s hand when he asked my name. When I told him my name was William, he said, “My name is William too”. I said, “I know that” and he laughed. ‘He had his hand on my shoulder and then hugged me. I was quite emotional. I was overjoyed.’ Mr Burns was full of praise for the prince, who he said will make a ‘great King’. ‘I told him about the housing association providing safe homes for the people and he said that was fantastic. He’s not King yet but he will be a good King for Scotland as well as the whole of the UK.’ Mr Burns’ wife Ellen said he was worried ‘he would get the jail’ for hugging William, but ‘it was the Prince who hugged him’. She also shared a special moment with the Queen’s grandson when he joked that she didn’t know how to use a mobile phone after she asked him for a selfie. Ellen said: ‘I asked the prince if I could get a photo with him and he said, “No bother. You don’t know how to use the phone, do you?”. ‘He took the phone and turned the camera around. So he took the selfie.’ Ellen said William reminded her of ‘his mammy’ Princess Diana, who was known for ripping up the royal playbook by ditching formality and sharing embraces with members of the public. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had visited the Wheatley Group site in Glasgow, to see first-hand how they are transforming the lives of disadvantaged or vulnerable people, including those at risk of homelessness. An insider involved in the royal visit said: ‘William said he didn’t want suits and security. He wanted to meet the people.’  Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 