Liam Gallagher has a new member in the family with his daughter, Molly Moorish, going public with her boyfriend. Molly, 24, has confirmed she is in a relationship with Premier League footballer Nathaniel Phillips, who is currently on loan from Liverpool. After months of speculation, the sports star finally made it to Molly’s Instagram feed with her sharing a photo of them cuddling at his latest football match last night. Nathaniel, 25, is seen wearing his kit and a medal after helping Bournemouth get promoted to the Premier League. His proud girlfriend is seen looking and smiling at him as they hugged and posed for photos on the pitch. ‘Big fan of your work @nathaniel_phillips,’ Molly captioned the sweet snap. Nathaniel replied: ‘Love you ❤️’ Molly’s mother Lisa Moorish gave him the seal of approval and commented: ‘He’s alright our Nat.’ It remains to be seen what Oasis rocker Liam thinks of his potential future son-in-law, but Molly previously revealed she has no problem going to her dad for relationship tips. ‘I go to him for boy advice,’ she once said, adding: ‘He’ll be like, “Stay away from that one”. I’m actually thankful for how I was brought up with my mum and how my life’s been. I wouldn’t be who I am now if … it’s all happened the way it was meant to happen. ‘We just got on and I’m happy to have him.’ Liam and Molly were estranged for her entire life until meeting for the first time in 2018 after he expressed a desire to be present in her life. He shares the model with singer Lisa following their brief romance in Los Angeles in the late 90s. As a football fan, Liam would have plenty to chat to Nathaniel about although it may be awkward as the rocker’s favourite team, Manchester City, are currently embroiled in a tense race for the Premier League title against Nathaniel’s parent club Liverpool. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dragons’ Den star Steven Bartlett’s dream guests on podcast include Boris Johnson and Elon Musk: ‘What would his diary look like?’ MORE : Rebekah Vardy cries in witness box as she’s questioned amid Coleen Rooney Wagatha Christie court case 