James Anderson and Stuart Broad have been recalled to England’s squad for next month’s Test series against New Zealand. The three-match series against red-ball world champions New Zealand will be Ben Stokes’ first since replacing Joe Root as England captain and Brendon McCullum’s first as head coach. England’s selection panel have named a 13-man squad for the first two Tests, opting to bring back Anderson, Broad and Ollie Pope, who all missed the tour of West Indies in March. Yorkshire’s Harry Brook and Durham’s Matthew Potts are called up for the first time after impressing in the early stages of the County Championship. Brook, 23, has been the standout batter in Division One, scoring 758 runs at an average of 151 including three centuries and four half-centuries. Potts, also 23, is the competition’s leading wicket-taker with 35 wickets and four five-wicket hauls. In his most recent appearance, Potts took match figures of 11-101 in Durham’s victory over Glamorgan. England managing director Rob Key said: ‘This is the start of a new era for our Test team under the stewardship of Ben Stokes and Brendon McCullum. ‘With a blend of youth and experience, we have selected an exciting squad that can compete with New Zealand in next month’s Test series. ‘We have rewarded players in Harry Brook and Matty Potts who have had outstanding starts to the County season, and they deserve the opportunity to stake a claim at this level. ‘It promises to be a mouth-watering series, and I can’t wait for the team to start against a very good New Zealand side. It is a fascinating prospect for everyone connected with the sport in this country.’ England will look to bounce back from a dismal run when they host New Zealand, having won just one of their last 17 Tests. Zak Crawley and Alex Lees look set to resume their opening partnership despite indifferent starts to their international careers, while Pope is expected to be promoted to No. 3. Ex-captain Root will move down to four and find one of his Yorkshire teammates Brook or Jonny Bairstow in the middle order along with Stokes, who confirmed earlier this month that he would bat at No. 6 this summer. England will choose between Bairstow or Ben Foakes for the wicketkeeper role while Anderson and Broad look set to lead a bowling attack also containing spinner Jack Leach and one of Potts or Craig Overton. The Test squad will report to London on May 29 ahead of the first Test of the summer at Lord’s on June 2. Nottingham’s Trent Bridge hosts the second Test while the series finale will be played at Headingley. Speaking earlier this week, Anderson said England need to show patience under new Test coach and New Zealand hero McCullum. ‘I don’t think the squad is going to be massively different – the best players have been playing,’ Anderson said. ‘It might just be the style that’s slightly different.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 