A British schoolboy who wrote a letter to Volodymyr Zelensky is ‘thrilled’ after receiving a response from president himself. Thomas Handley penned a message to the ‘best Ukrainian president’ and slipped it in amongst a convoy of supplies sent to the war-torn country by his school. To his surprise, the Ukrainian leader replied saying he had ‘brought a smile to his face’ as his country is left devastated by the Russian invasion. The 12-year-old, from Durham, is carrying the letter around with him and says he is ‘friends’ with Mr Zelensky now. In his initial letter, Thomas – who has learning difficulties – said he hoped Mr Zelensky had food for his nation and told him he is on his side in the war. Youngsters at Durham Trinity School and Sports College sent over more than 270 parcels containing medical supplies, clothing, food, toiletries and wheelchairs. Thomas’ mum, Kimberley, said: ‘Thomas came home and told me he had written a letter to President Zelensky. ‘I said, “That’s lovely, but don’t expect a reply. The president is very busy”.’ But the family was ‘amazed’ when the school, which helps youngsters with additional learning needs, contacted them with the news. In his letter, Mr Zelensky wrote: ‘Thank you for your letter of support. I am OK and thank you for your help. ‘We hope to bring peace to Ukraine and food to the citizens of all the country and rebuild the towns. ‘What you have said in our letter and what the United Kingdom does to support brings a smile to my face and to many others.’ Kimberley said she ‘was just in shock and thought, “is this real?”’ ‘Someone as busy as President Zelensky has taken the time to write to my son’, she said. ‘We were so proud, we phoned every single family member to let them know.’ Thomas, who has prader-willi syndrome and struggles with speech and language, has been keeping the letter close to his chest since it arrived. His mum said: ‘Thomas loves writing letters and so he has been thrilled by the response. ‘When he came home he was so excited. He said, “President Zelensky is my friend now”. ‘We will be framing the letter and putting it on the wall, if we can prise it away from him!’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.