If you’re in need of a little pick-me-up, we have good news. Not only is tomorrow Friday, it’s actually World Cocktail Day. Now almost halfway into May, summer is on the horizon, and it’s almost impossible to resist the temptation of a cocktail on a sunny Wednesday night, nevermind a Friday that is literally dedicated to drinking them. While grabbing yourself a cocktail shaker and whipping up some Pornstar Martinis at home is always a good shout, it wouldn’t be outrageous to celebrate across the bar from a professional mixologist. If that’s more your style, here are five London cocktail bars to visit tomorrow. The Sun Tavern, Bethnal Green Road Home to the largest collection of Poitín(original Irish moonshine – a very strong liquor that was once illegal), The Sun Tavern is a great place to get a little bit of history while getting tipsy. As well as Poitín, whiskey is the bread and butter of this bar’s menu, but they aren’t short on cocktails to try out this Friday. The In Bloom cocktail is the ultimate spring tipple on their eight-drink cocktail menu and, if you fancy sharing, you can get a four-person punch bowl for £25. Opium, Chinatown A dim sum bar as well as a cocktail bar – need we say more? Opium in Chinatown is home to three separate bars, each serving a range of cocktails. The 1920s Shanghai themed cocktail bar has a range of delicious drinks on the menu, including the favourite Cloud of Pearls cocktails, which is based on vodka, lemon balm tea, jackfruit, shrub, yuzu pearls and goji and hibiscus. Made in Brasil, Camden Made in Brasil in Camden is perfect if you want to try something a little more exotic. Alongside Brazilian food, the lively Camden bar serves up Brazilian cocktails with a range of caipirinhas and twists on the classics, such as the Caipi Colins and Brazilian Martini. A Bar with Shapes For a Name, Hackney If the name isn’t a dead giveaway, this classroom themed cocktail bar in Haggerston is perfect for an edgier concept night out. Inspired by the famous Bauhaus art school, the bar is designed to be simple and functional, with a short menu. They serve classics, original cocktails and can even make you a bespoke cocktail if you don’t fancy anything on the menu. Cahoots, Soho A post-war themed cocktail bar, Cahoots is the perfect destination if you’re up for something a little different. Located on Kingly Street, the 1940s themed ‘Ticket Hall’ is a blast from the past, with an underground speakeasy-style ‘Control Room’ bar as well as outdoor seating. Alongside the classic cocktails, the menu features cocktails inspired by black market liquor from the 1940s. Plus, there’s a Churchill cocktail that arrives in a tumbler shaped like, you guessed it, Churchill’s head. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Cocktails, canyons and jumping off cliffs: What it’s like to have an action-packed adventure in Madeira MORE : Brewery switches to Molotov cocktails with labels calling Putin a d***head MORE : This berry margarita is the perfect spring cocktail