Pope Francis has revealed he offered to meet Vladimir Putin in Moscow in a bid to bring the war in Ukraine to an end, but never got a reply. In an interview with Italy’s Corriere Della Sera newspaper, the pope also said the leader of the Russian Orthodox Church, Patriarch Kirill – who has given the invasion his full-throated backing – ‘cannot become Putin’s altar boy’. Francis, who made an unprecedented visit to the Russian embassy when the war started, said that about three weeks into the conflict, he asked the Vatican’s top diplomat to send a message to Putin. He is quoted as saying the message was ‘that I was willing to go to Moscow’, adding: ‘Certainly, it was necessary for the Kremlin leader to allow an opening. We have not yet received a response and we are still insisting.’ The 85-year-old pontiff went on: ‘I fear that Putin cannot, and does not, want to have this meeting at this time. But how can you not stop so much brutality?’ Appearing to equate the killings in Ukraine to the genocide in Rwanda in 1994, he was quoted as adding: ‘Twenty-five years ago in Rwanda we lived through the same thing.’ Before the interview, Francis had not specifically mentioned Russia or Putin publicly since the start of the conflict on February 24. But he has left little doubt which side he has criticised, using terms such as unjustified aggression and invasion and lamenting atrocities against civilians. Asked about a trip to the Ukrainian capital Kyiv, which Francis last month said was a possibility, the pope said he would not go for now. He said: ‘First, I have to go to Moscow, first I have to meet Putin. I do what I can. If Putin would only open a door.’ The war in Ukraine has strained relations between the Vatican and the Russian Orthodox Church, and caused a split among Orthodox Christians around the world. Last month, it was reported that the Vatican was considering extending the pope’s trip to Lebanon on June 12 to 13 by a day so he could meet with Kirill in Jerusalem. But Francis later decided against it. In the interview, Francis said that when he had a 40-minute video conference with Kirill on March 16, the patriarch spent half of it reading from a sheet of paper ‘with all the justifications for the war’. The Kremlin describes its action in Ukraine as a ‘special operation’ to demilitarise and ‘denazify’ its neighbour. Kirill, 75, sees the war as a bulwark against a West he considers decadent, particularly over the acceptance of homosexuality. Francis is quoted as saying: ‘We (the pope and Kirill) are pastors of the same people of God. That is why we have to seek paths of peace, to cease the fire of weapons. ‘The patriarch cannot become Putin’s altar boy.’ The pope also said that when he met Viktor Orban on April 21, the Hungarian prime minister told him ‘the Russians have a plan, that everything will end on May 9’, referring to the anniversary of Russia’s liberation at the end of World War II. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has said the anniversary would have no bearing on Moscow’s military operations in Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.