For this week’s What I Own, we have something a little different. We’re talking to Paula, from Stockport, who inherited her home when her mother-in-law passed away a few years ago. She previously lived in a four-bed Victorian semi in the same area, but sold that house in 2020 to move into this property. This is what she has to say about inheriting a home – and how it compares to previously buying property… Tell us about yourself. I’m Paula, 55, and I live here with my husband Andy, 57, and my youngest daughter, 21, who is away travelling Southeast Asia at the moment. I’m a psychotherapist in a community mental health team that works with people who have complex problems stemming from trauma. Where is your property? What do you think of the area? We live in Romiley, in Stockport. It’s an area we have lived most of our lives and it’s a friendly community nestled in the Derbyshire borders with easy access to Manchester city centre. We love the fact that we can be out in the countryside in minutes, or in the city centre in 30 minutes. When did you move in? We moved in June 2020. The house is Edwardian and was built in 1912. My husband had lived here from the age of 15 and had some reservations about the move. We also weren’t intending to downsize at that time – as we still had our two daughters living with us. So we were losing space going from four beds to three and not having three reception rooms – as we now have one through room. But we eventually decided that it was the perfect opportunity to downsize from our four-bed Victorian semi. We were able to do numerous renovations including building the shower room extension, opening up the downstairs space, moving the wall on the landing to create a larger space and a full re-fit of the rewiring and plumbing. The house was stripped back to the brick and we completely refurbished it. How much does your property cost? We inherited the house from Andy’s mother who died in 2018. My mother-in-law bought it in cash in 1979 – it was priced at £28,000. We’ve not had it valued, but similar properties are around £390,000. Can you tell us a bit about the inheritance process? The property and estate went through probate. It was a lengthy process and delayed the work starting. His mother had been very organised and had her affairs in order leaving everything in the hands of a solicitor. It was stressful waiting for things to happen and we spent time clearing the house, stripping out walls and getting quotes for the work. We opted to engage a project manager as we were both still working and he oversaw the refurbishment and building work. We had a ‘turn key’ option which meant that when the work was finished it was decorated and ready to move in. The pandemic hit right at the end of the project and we had to settle for a few things like the fencing as a compromise, as supply and fitting had been impacted. How much was your deposit? We had no deposit as it was an inherited house. The house belonged to a coal merchant and there is land and the old stables at the back. We knew that we would not be able to find a terrace house with so much land and decided it was an opportunity not to be missed. We sold our other house in 2020 and are now mortgage-free. What is the monthly cost of living here now? The monthly cost of living here is the bills for utilities and, at the moment, this is difficult to state due to the rising costs. Where did you live before this – were you renting or living with family? We lived in Romiley in a four-bed Victorian semi with our two grown-up daughters. The house was over four floors with a cellar conversion. When we moved in here our eldest daughter moved in with her partner. What made you want to buy rather than renting? We rented when we finished university for a year and bought our first home in 1993 in Eccles. How have you made the property feel like home? This house was one in which I felt I could be creative – as previously I have held back knowing we would sell at some point. In this house I have used lots of colour and pattern. What’s the inspiration for your interior decor style? I love mid-century furniture, bold colours and clashing patterns. I am a maximalist and I would describe my style as eclectic. What’s your favourite room and why? The shower room because of the lantern roof. In the morning it’s light and bright as the sun shines in and I love to sit in there and relax after my morning shower. Do you feel like you have enough space? Now there’s only two of us, we have plenty of space. We had enough land to build a single dwelling on the plot, with my home office, hubby’s den and a small bathroom. This helped to substitute the space we lost when we downsized. Do you have plans to change the property? We plan to get the outside decorated. We’ve had the hard landscaping done in the garden and are planning a pergola over the decking and a sauna at the bottom of the garden. Are there any problems with the property that you have to deal with? The neighbours built an extension in the 80s and my mother-in-law wouldn’t object to the build. It takes light off our landing and we are considering a light tunnel. We debated it when the renovation work started but the builders reassured us that a second window on the landing would solve the problem. Sadly, it hasn’t and I think we will get it done in time. What do you want people to know about buying a home? Do your homework regarding mortgages and make sure that the house will work for you. Is it a forever home? If so, don’t be afraid to put your stamp on it. What are your plans for the future, in terms of housing? Do you plan to stay here long term? We intend to stay put now and are looking forward to retirement in the not too distant future. Shall we take a look around? More of Paula and Andy’s home can be found at @unfinished_reno14 MORE : What I Own: PR consultant Erica, who put down a £22,000 deposit with shared ownership MORE : What I Own: Mortgage broker Natalie, who bought her Gloucester house with a 10% deposit MORE : What I Own: Content creator Rhian, who pays £950 a month towards the mortgage on her Bedfordshire home