People will soon be able to take a non-stop flight from London to Sydney after Qantas announced plans to launch the world’s longest commercial flight. The Australian airline said conquering ‘the final frontier of long-haul travel’ will be made possible by a fleet of 12 new Airbus A350-1000s, which can do more than 10,000 miles without needing to refuel. The first Sydney-London flights, taking roughly 20-hours, will depart in late 2025. Qantas says it is also looking to set up a Sydney to New York route and hopes the new aircraft will enable direct flights from Australia to any city in the world. The new generation of long-haul jets will carry up to 238 passengers across four classes but more than 40% of the cabin will be dedicated to ‘premium seating’. To allow travellers to stretch their legs during the mammoth journey the new jets will feature fewer seats than other planes in service. Each aircraft will have a ‘wellbeing zone’ complete with a snack station and digital displays, to encourage passengers to move about. While those travelling in first class will have their own suite, complete with a privacy door, separate bed and lounge chair, an individual wardrobe and a 32″ TV. Qantas says the planes will have 25% less CO2 emissions per seat and less noise, than previous aircraft. It also claims the long-distance project, which it calls ‘Project Sunrise’, will be carbon neutral. Alan Joyce, Qantas Group CEO said: ‘For more than 100 years, Qantas has been at the forefront of transforming the way the world travels, particularly through direct flights. ‘Now, the A350 and Project Sunrise will make almost any city in the world just one flight away from Australia. ‘It’s the last frontier and the final fix for the tyranny of distance that has traditionally challenged travel to Australia.’ Qantas launched direct flights from London-Perth, taking 17-hours, in 2017 using Boeing Dreamliner jets. It carried out three Project Sunrise flights from New York and London to Sydney, in 2019 during which medics and scientists monitored the effect of such a long journey on passengers. The longest non-stop flight in the world is currently a New York JFK to Singapore route, operated by Singapore Airlines, which takes 18 hours and 50 minutes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.