Jessie Ware fans had quite the surprise in store at her Brixton show, as none other than Kylie Minogue decided to rock up. The Can’t Get You Out Of My Head hitmaker, 54, came onstage to perform their song Kiss of Life, which was released last year, and fans couldn’t get enough of it. The Aussie superstar looked spectacular in a shimmery dress, as she joined Jessie, who donned a gorgeous all-black number for the duet. Kylie clearly had a blast, sharing a video on Instagram and writing: ‘Rocked up to sing 💖 Kiss Of Life 💖with the one and only @jessieware @o2academybrix. What. A. Crowd!!! 😘’ We love to see it. Jessie, 37, is set to continue her tour in the UK before heading around Europe and then to the US. Kylie, who recently delighted fans by announcing that she’ll be appearing in the last episode of Neighbours, was also seen at Abba Voyage with her boyfriend Paul Simon this week. The couple looked very loved-up as they arrived at the event arm-in-arm on Thursday, with Kylie looking chic in a Black Edition mini dress from Valentino embellished with feathers, which she teamed with a pair of black patent platforms. It was a rare red carpet event for the pair, who have been dating since 2018. While the Can’t Get You Out Of My Head hitmaker typically prefers to keep her love life private, she recently revealed details about their long-distance relationship. ‘I don’t have a traditional set-up when it comes to my relationship,’ she told The Sydney Morning Herald. ‘I don’t have the white-picket-fence life. We are in a very good space and we cherish that right now. It’s important to be fluid in life as you don’t need to be put in a box.’ The pop star returned to her native Australia, while Paul has remained in London, with a source telling The Sun: ‘Right now, Kylie has made the decision to move back to Australia and while Paul doesn’t want to relocate, they are still very much together and in love. ‘Of course she will be back in the UK from time to time and he will visit Melbourne. They are going to make it work.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kylie Minogue only has eyes for boyfriend Paul Solomons as they make rare red carpet appearance at Abba Voyage concert MORE : Kylie Minogue discusses highly-anticipated Neighbours return as Charlene: ‘It was lovely and emotional’ 