Ralf Rangnick says Cristiano Ronaldo doesn’t want to play as a central striker and Manchester United will need to recruit more forwards to support him next season. The Portuguese scored his 24th goal of the season in United’s 3-0 win over Brentford on Monday night and at 37 years of age he’s been the standout player in a disappointing campaign for the Red Devils. But with Erik ten Hag coming in to take charge in the summer there is plenty of speculation over whether Ronaldo will be part of his plans. Interim boss Rangnick says whatever happens, Ronaldo needs support up top and signing more strikers should be key. ‘The way that he played again tonight, not only because he scored a goal but he also won the penalty and helped defensively tonight, so why should he not be a player who could still be part of the squad and help the team?’ Rangnick said. ‘But this is a question you have to ask Erik when he is here and it is also important how Cristiano sees himself and his position. ‘Cristiano is not a central striker, he also does not want to play in that position. In order to not play central, you have to play with two strikers as we did in the last 15 minutes or in my first game against Crystal Palace or the second one against Norwich, and even in the second-half against Newcastle. ‘But if you look at international football, there are not many top teams who play with two strikers. ‘Most of the international top teams either play with three strikers or a false nine, so for me it’s not a question of position, it’s a question of what kind of quality players Manchester United have in the future.’ Red Devils fans will certainly be expecting new faces in the transfer window with Edinson Cavani and Anthony Martial expected to depart at the end of the season, while Marcus Rashford has been linked with a move away given his struggle to find form. As for Ronaldo, he’s still under contract for another year. MORE : ‘That’s a nonsense!’ – Jamie Carragher blasts Ralf Rangnick’s Man Utd role next season MORE : Gary Neville outlines Erik ten Hag expectations for Man Utd over next five years For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 