Another 11 cases of monkeypox have been identified in the UK – more than doubling the total to 20, the UK Health Security Agency has confirmed. The new cases come on top of the nine previously identified, with the initial case having returned from travel to Nigeria. Globally, 127 cases have been reported in 11 countries, according to John Brownstein, professor of medicine at the Harvard Medical School in the US, who is keeping track of global cases. Health Secretary Sajid Javid said: ‘Most cases are mild, and I can confirm we have procured further doses of vaccines that are effective against monkeypox.’ The rise in cases since May 6 has caused concern among ministers that the virus may be circulating undetected. Monkeypox cases are usually found in West Africa, and the virus does not often spread elsewhere. That is why outbreaks reported in Britain, Portugal, Spain, Germany, Belgium and the United States have cased alarm among public health experts around the world. The disease, which was first discovered in monkeys, is usually mild but can cause severe illness in some cases. Symptoms include fever, headache, muscle aches, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. A rash can develop, often beginning on the face, which then spreads to other parts of the body including the genitals. The rash can look like chickenpox or syphilis, and scabs can form which then fall off. The incubation period is usually from six to 13 days but can range from five to 21 days. The World Health Organisation (WHO) estimates there are thousands of monkeypox infections in around a dozen African countries every year. Most are in Congo, which reports approximately 6,000 infections annually, and Nigeria, where there are around 3,000 per year. The latest worldwide clusters of cases appear to be the first time the virus is spreading among people who did not travel to Africa. It has confounded scientists there. Oyewale Tomori, a virologist who formerly headed the Nigerian Academy of Science and who sits on several World Health Organisation advisory boards, said: ‘I’m stunned by this. Every day I wake up and there are more countries infected. ‘This is not the kind of spread we’ve seen in West Africa, so there may be something new happening in the West.’ The UKHSA has said cases in Britain are not all connected, suggesting there are multiple chains of transmission occurring. In Europe, Germany and Belgium have both confirmed they have detected cases of the smallpox-like disease. Health officials in Spain have reported seven cases, all males, and Portugal updated its number of confirmed cases to 14. Sweden’s public health agency also reported one case on Thursday, saying it remained unclear how the patient became infected. Italy has also confirmed another two infections, taking the total in the country to three. Earlier this week, US officials reported a case of monkeypox in a man who had recently travelled to Canada. The Public Health Agency of Canada also confirmed two cases related to that positive test. Health officials in Quebec earlier said they suspected 17 cases in the Montreal area. Experts have warned that while the virus may not be about to trigger a Covid-19-style pandemic, it is likely to spread further and should be taken seriously. Jimmy Whitworth, a professor of international public health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, said the current international outbreak is ‘highly unusual’. ‘Historically, there have been very few cases exported. It has only happened eight times in the past before this year,’ he said. ‘This isn’t going to cause a nationwide epidemic like Covid did, but it’s a serious outbreak of a serious disease – and we should take it seriously.’ Recent UK cases have self-identified as gay, bisexual or other men who have sex with men (MSM). Authorities in Spain and Portugal also said their cases were in young MSM men and said those cases were picked up when the men turned up with lesions at sexual health clinics. The UKHSA is advising gay, bisexual and MSM men to check for any usual rashes or lesions on their bodies, particularly their genitals, and to contact a sexual health service if they are concerned. Monkeypox can be passed on by direct contact though sex, but is not considered to be a sexually transmitted infection. Michael Skinner, a virologist at Imperial College London, said it’s still too early to determine how the men in the UK were infected. He said: ‘By nature, sexual activity involves intimate contact, which one would expect to increase the likelihood of transmission, whatever a person’s sexual orientation and irrespective of the mode of transmission.’ Anyone who is worried is advised to contact sexual health services and to call ahead for an appointment, or to call 111. Dr Susan Hopkins, chief medical adviser at the UKHSA, said: ‘We anticipated that further cases would be detected through our active case finding with NHS services and heightened vigilance among healthcare professionals. ‘We expect this increase to continue in the coming days and for more cases to be identified in the wider community. Alongside this we are receiving reports of further cases being identified in other countries globally. ‘We continue to rapidly investigate the source of these infections and raise awareness among healthcare professionals. ‘We are contacting any identified close contacts of the cases to provide health information and advice. ‘Because the virus spreads through close contact, we are urging everyone to be aware of any unusual rashes or lesions and to contact NHS 111 or a sexual health service if they have any concerns. ‘Please contact clinics ahead of your visit and avoid close contact with others until you have been seen by a clinician. ‘A notable proportion of recent cases in the UK and Europe have been found in gay and bisexual men so we are particularly encouraging them to be alert to the symptoms and seek help if concerned.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.