Ant McPartlin and Declan Donnelly have confirmed I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! campmates will be jetting off to Australia when the series returns later this year. The Geordie duo have been hosting the show for nearly 20 years, with hundreds of celebs getting stuck in with all sorts of grim Bushtucker Trials during that time. However, the last two years have seen the pair a little closer to home, having swapped the Australian outback for the hills of north Wales amid the Covid outbreak. Despite talk of a potential third year at Gwrych Castle in Abergele, the hosts today revealed the news fans have all been waiting for – they’re going back to Australia Talking to Amanda Holden and Jamie Theakston on their Heart breakfast show, Ant said: ‘The plan is, we’re going back to Australia, we don’t want to go elsewhere ‘It’s got to go back to it. Back to its spiritual home, back to where it all started. ‘Everyone wants to see a bit of sunshine at that time of year on the telly,’ Ant added. Strict travel restrictions between the UK and Australia meant it was almost impossible for the series to take place in its usual home in Queensland. The most recent series was won by former Emmerdale star Danny Miller, beating close competition from Coronation Street legend, Simon Gregson. It comes after it was revealed a special All Stars-style series would be filmed over the summer in South Africa, with speculation already rife around who might return to take part. A show source previously told Metro.co.uk: ‘The team behind I’m A Celebrity are making a brand new spin-off of the hit series, this time set in South Africa. ‘It will be hosted by Ant & Dec and will feature the most loved, favourite campmates from previous years. ‘The show is still very much based in the world of I’m A Celeb – the campmates will be doing trials and living in the camp environment, but with fresh and exciting new twists on the format.’ The insider went on to add how things will be shaken up in the spin-off series: ‘The campmates will have a hand in their own destiny through a series of internal votes and challenges. ‘This new edition is likely to air in 2023 but before that viewers will get to enjoy the show’s much-anticipated return to Australia in November.’ Giovanna Fletcher won the 2020 edition of I’m a Celeb beating DJ Jordan North and presenter Vernon Kay to be crowned the show’s first-ever Queen of the Castle. I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here! returns later this year to ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island contestants are actually treated to a secret Sunday roast dinner MORE : I’m A Celebrity: Bosses offering ‘big money’ to get ‘biggest b***h’ Janice Dickinson back on show 