Robert Lewandowski says his time at Bayern Munich is ‘over’ and has urged the club to let him leave, with the striker eager to make a move to Barcelona this summer. The 33-year-old has already made it clear he will not be signing a new contract with the Bavarians – with his current deal expiring in 2023 – and is believed to have agreed personal terms with Barcelona. But Bayern are adamant they will not let their top scorer leave despite the Catalan club being prepared to stump up €25million (£21.3m). Lewandowski has now gone public with his desire to leave the Allianz Arena this summer and has asked Bayern’s hierarchy not to stand in his way. Speaking at a press conference ahead of Poland’s UEFA Nations League participation, Lewandowski said: ‘I would like to say at the beginning that I don’t want to continue talking about this situation, the club situation. ‘So what we know for sure at the moment is that my era in Bayern Munich is over. ‘I don’t see any possibility to continue my career in this club, based on what we could see in the last couple of weeks. ‘Bayern are a serious club so I hope they won’t keep me just because they can. ‘I don’t want to go any further at the moment. I would like to focus on the national team and the matches that we are going to play, and maybe after the national team camp we will have more time to say more about the situation. But for now I would like to end like this.’ There was some confusion when the translator claimed Lewandowski had said Bayern were ‘not a serious club’ but that was a mistranslation – though the veteran forward did not correct him. Lewandowski is believed to have been furious when he discovered that Bayern had looked into the possibility of signing Erling Haaland before the Norwegian opted to join Manchester City. Haaland’s arrival would have seen Lewandowski shipped out but, having missed out his signature, the German champions now want to keep their frontman; Lewandowski appears to feel that, if Bayern considered him disposable just a few months ago, he should be allowed to leave now. MORE : Chelsea considering Robert Lewandowski move after Thomas Tuchel hints at deals MORE : Robert Lewandowski’s agent issues transfer plea to Bayern Munich amid interest from Chelsea and Barcelona For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 