If Liverpool lose to Real Madrid in the Champions League final tomorrow then, surely, it’s time for the manager to jump before he is pushed. Reaching the final of all three cup competitions entered, and possibly not winning all of them is unthinkable. Missing out on the league title with Liverpool’s third-highest points total since three points for a win was introduced in 1981, beaten only by two of his previous three seasons in charge, which included the club’s first league title in three decades, is unacceptable. You know what I always say — we should have never got rid of Roy Hodgson. For Liverpool fans, life under Jurgen Klopp has progressed from joyous to positively surreal. To be in a position in which losing in a European Cup final could be seen as some form of underachievement speaks absolute volumes. Klopp has raised the bar so high that it requires a pilot’s licence. While defeat would obviously bring tears in Paris, an unbelievable campaign would simply be relegated to a remarkable one. Every game played. Taking odds-on Manchester City to the final day. Lifting both the League Cup and FA Cup in the same season. We are in dreamland. I say ‘we’ because I am clearly a Liverpool fan, but with as much objectivity as I can muster — not much — I believe the Reds are rightfully favourites to be crowned kings of Europe once again, buoyed further by the news that fabulous Fabinho is back in full training and Thiago is looking in decent shape to win his own race to be ready. This surely tips the balance of an epic midfield battle back in Liverpool’s favour. Personally, I would focus on both sides’ right flanks, with Dani Carvajal, most likely, facing the nightmare of instant fan favourite Luis Diaz. It has been love at first sight since his arrival in January, and this could be the match-up we are talking about when all is said and done tomorrow. Similarly, and worryingly, Trent Alexander-Arnold will undoubtedly need help to handle Vinicius Junior, no stranger to scoring against Liverpool and another young hero in waiting. However, let me stop there because, newsflash, I simply do not know. I can hazard a guess but there are so many possibilities that I am simply dizzy in a washing machine of facts and figures, predictions and prophecies. It could be 1-0 with a Virgil header, 3-2 with a Benzema hat-trick, or 2-1 with a late, glorious Divock Origi curtain call. Please God, let it be the latter. Or maybe a side will come back from 3-0 down at half-time to win on penalties. I mean, nobody predicted that when Carlo Ancelotti led out his AC Milan side in 2005 in Istanbul. He gained revenge, of course, two years later in Athens. I remember it well. I cried on Gary McAllister’s shoulder. Hugely embarrassing for all involved. So, while there are several legitimate scenarios that could play out, and plenty of recent history to pour over, I will simply reserve my right as a fan to spend all of tomorrow lurching between ultra-confident and a mess of self-doubt, sweating like an Irishman in a sauna and shaking like a constipated dog. Before I sign off, on a serious note, I want to mark the fact that only 76 wheelchair users, 38 from each side, will be watching the game from inside the Stade de France, despite there being 550 spaces. While I accept that not all of them might be suitable, none of the excuses for so few being made available wash with me. Even if their were hurdles to overcome, this should have been a much higher priority. Shameful. Anyway, when Liverpool parade through the streets of their home town this Sunday, regardless of the result, they will drown in an adoring red sea of fans who know, without doubt, we’re in the throes of some of our very best days. On saying that, it would be just lush if Old Big Ears was, for a seventh time, back on board the bus. MORE : Sadio Mane promises ‘special’ answer on his Liverpool future after Champions League final MORE : Jurgen Klopp provides positive Thiago Alcantara injury update ahead of Champions League final For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 