As lockdowns ended and Coronavirus restrictions eased, the country fell into two camps on the issue of work. Many who’d been furloughed or who worked remotely through the height of the pandemic were glad to see the back of commuting, meal deals, and business casual, pleading with bosses to offer more flexible permanent solutions. Others – particularly business owners annoyed at paying rent for unoccupied buildings – bemoaned the loss of office life, highlighted the impact on city centres, and even suggested that remote jobs are a symptom of ‘work-shy Britain’. One company has gone a step further in showing its stance on working from home. London law firm Stephenson Harwood announced this week that fully remote staff will be paid 20% less than their in-office counterparts. According to a spokesperson, the pay cut is optional for those who want to work from home, and designed to allow candidates from outside of the capital to apply for roles (with their lower cost of living factored in). But what sort of precedent does this set among employers? ‘Reducing people’s pay if they decide to work from home is absolute insanity,’ Molly Johnson-Jones, co-founder and CEO of Flexa Careers tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Statistically, there is no justifiable reason for this move, as the evidence shows that non-office based work is far more likely to increase productivity than have the opposite effect.’ Paying staff less to reflect their location rather than their output is akin to punishing remote workers. Very few industries base salaries on workers’ living expenses, and it’s a slippery slope towards an unmanageable and unfair system. Fairness is at the heart of the problem, and a survey by Gleeson Recruitment Group found that 90% of respondents believed a reduction in pay for remote work was unfair. Part of this is likely down to messaging and trust. Suggesting that low productivity, for example, is behind bosses’ eagerness to curb home working is a logical fallacy when the evidence suggests the exact opposite. Some companies are then citing staff mental health as the rationale to get back to the office, which (as well as being a flawed argument) can come across as out of touch, implying you know what’s best for people more than they know their own experiences. As a result of not knowing or accepting the ‘why’ that underpins an instruction, some will be reluctant to then follow it. ‘If workers think their leaders are being dishonest, disingenuous, or condescending, employees’ confidence in management will dissipate,’ writes Denise McLain for Gallup. Employees who are neurodivergent or disabled may feel excluded in a workplace where in-person communication is seen as the standard, while parents and carers who require flexible hours will be forced to leave or take the financial hit. Gleeson’s HR Director Suzie Hughes tells Metro.co.uk: ‘Similarly, employees from a lower socioeconomic background who can’t afford the rising cost of commuting are more likely to seek a remote role, so a further pay cut for this demographic could have serious implications and drive further inequality.’ And not only do rigid or punitive practices like these alienate employees, they also harm a brand’s reputation and make it harder to attract and retain talent. Capitalism hinges on the idea of a free market; that the best businesses will  become successful based on merit and consumer demand. If a product was selling badly, for example, measures would be taken to rectify the issue and keep customers on side. Yet it seems as if the idea that employees can vote with their feet has been ignored. Almost half of UK office workers (47%) are ready to walk away from their current job and look for new opportunities if flexibility is not provided by their employer, rising to 60% in workers aged 25-34. Far from penalising those who seek a different working culture, companies should be promoting competition and adopting new, more inclusive and rewarding practices. Suzie says: ‘We’re currently operating what is known within recruitment as a “candidate-driven market” – because there’s so many roles out there, job seekers are calling the shots. ‘This means there’s more competition than ever for top talent, which places the onus on employers to provide increasingly impressive remuneration packages. ‘Therefore, companies who make the decision to cut the pay of remote workers are sure to lose out when it comes to recruiting, as well as likely suffer from higher employee turnover from building a culture of distrust and resentment.’ Both Suzie and Molly agree that there are exceptions to this, like if the entirety of a role can’t be undertaken from home, but that pay cuts aren’t the answer. Molly says: ‘Having people come into the office in order to access higher remuneration will breed resentment and cause a retention crisis, as staff look for more flexible roles elsewhere.’ If you’re one of those staff members feeling overlooked and underappreciated, the advice is to do just that and search for a new position. ‘Any pay adjustments have to be added to your contract and signed off by you, so the reality is that you don’t have to sign it,’ says Suzie. ‘Instead, you can just leave.’ Just make sure you do your homework to ensure your expectations will be met elsewhere. Molly says: ‘It’s important jobseekers don’t shy away from asking frank questions of an employer at the interview stage to uncover more about their working culture and practices. ‘If they aren’t 100% honest or they provide an evasive answer, that’s a red flag.’ Look out for corporate jargon and bluster, too. Promises to support work life balance or mental health must be backed up with action and evidence. Suzie explains: ‘Too often, companies throw around the “flexibility” lingo despite being extremely rigid and occasionally out of touch with what works best for their employees. ‘My advice would be to seek assurances over consistent, fair pay whether you’re working from the office or elsewhere, right from the beginning.’ When stalwarts of the high street Pret a Manger saw a massive drop in footfall and sales after lockdowns, the responsibility was placed firmly on the British workforce. Without hordes of suits filing out of skyscrapers to buy soggy, overpriced sandwiches, politicians surmised that the economy would take the hit. Jobs would be lost, they said, if we didn’t put things back to how they were before. Meanwhile, newly-remote workers were seeing that things weren’t so rosy in the office; there could be a different way to do things, where effort trumped presenteeism and they could have a say in how they worked best. It remains a battle of wills between the two perspectives, but one that won’t be won by companies who blindly stick to the status quo. Perhaps, rather than trying to find the issue with workers, business moguls should take a long, hard look at the work itself, and the parts of corporate culture that are no longer fit for purpose. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Working from home is ‘causing insomnia’ and poor sleep in younger workers MORE : UK’s ‘oldest homeowner’ aged 106 bought house for £800 and it’s now £550,000