The total number of monkeypox in England has more than doubled to 56, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) has said. That is a jump of 36 in the number of patients confirmed to have the illness since May 7, with the UK-wide figure yet to be release. The UKHSA conceded that the outbreak is ‘significant and concerning’ but said the risk to the UK population remains low. Earlier on Monday, Scotland confirmed its first case of the virus but no cases have yet been identified in Northern Ireland or Wales. The disease is usually found in parts of central and west Africa and is rarely seen outside the region. But cases have now been recorded in the UK, US, Canada, Spain and Italy in recent weeks. The UKHSA said infections were predominantly being identified in individuals who identify as gay or bisexual after doctors confirmed there was community transmission. Ministers have insisted the monkeypox outbreak is not a ‘repeat’ of Covid and a vaccine that works against the disease is already available. ‘As with any new disease, and obviously after the Covid pandemic doubly so, we continue to monitor this very closely,’ Chief Secretary to the Treasury Simon Clarke told Sky News. ‘I would say I am cautious but I am certainly not concerned about our ability to handle the situation. He added: ‘There is a vaccine which is available and works for monkeypox, and all the evidence is that it is spread by physical contact. ‘What I would say is that we are cautious but we are certainly not in a position where I would in anyway worry the public that this is some repeat of Covid, because it certainly does not appear to be anywhere near the same platform of seriousness.’ Mr Clarke’s comments follows advice issued by the UKHSA, warning anyone who comes in contact with an individual with monkeypox to self-isolate for three weeks. People who have developed a rash and are changing sexual partners frequently are also urged to come forward and seek diagnosis. The UKHSA’s chief medical adviser, Dr Susan Hopkins, said: ‘Alongside reports of further cases being identified in other countries globally, we continue to identify additional cases in the UK. ‘Thank you to everyone who has come forward for testing already and supported our contact tracing efforts – you are helping us limit the spread of this infection in the UK. ‘Because the virus spreads through close contact, we are urging everyone to be aware of any unusual rashes or lesions, and to contact a sexual health service if they have any symptoms. ‘A notable proportion of recent cases in the UK and Europe have been found in gay and bisexual men, so we are particularly encouraging these men to be alert to the symptoms.’ She had previously explained: ‘We are finding cases that have no identified contact with an individual from west Africa, which is what we’ve seen previously in the country. ‘The community transmission is largely centred in urban areas.’ While there is no direct vaccine for monkeypox, those with the infection are being treated using a form of the smallpox vaccine. The symptoms of monkeypox include a fever, headache, muscle aches, backaches, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. A rash can likely develop on the face before spreading to other parts of the body, including to the genitals, going through different stages, starting with blotches like chickenpox and then scabbing over and falling off. The infection can be transmitted through close contact with someone, or through clothing and linens used by a person who has monkeypox. There are thousands of monkeypox infections across Africa every year, according to World Health Organisation estimates. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : EU advises countries to plan vaccines for monkeypox outbreak