A businesswoman has lost a disability case after claiming she was ‘hypersensitive’ to the WiFi in the office she worked in. Tatsiana Hurynovich worked as a chief operations officer at health supplement firm Ben Ong but claimed working in the office would ‘adversely affect her spiritual energy’. She was hired in 2014 on a salary of £60,000 a year but stopped coming into the office as frequently. In 2017 she suffered with ‘psychological mental burnout’ and suffered from ailments that she believed her bosses didn’t take seriously. She said she had severe migraines, couldn’t get out of bed, struggled to eat or dress, and was unable to finish sentences because her nerves made her cry. However, she told her bosses that her difficulties were ‘spiritual and not medical’ so wanted to work from home. An employment tribunal was told: ‘She had said to [her boss]she wished to work remotely and not surrounded by WiFi, people and urban living. ‘She had found it very very difficult in London and needed to go to the woods the majority of the time… ‘He recalled a particular explanation by [Ms Hurynovich] who apparently told him that she needed the right crystal to provide her spiritual energy and told him the healing crystal had to find her.’ She used company funds to order salt lamps because she believed they would ‘absorb WiFi radiation. Her boss refused to pay and Ms Hurynovich said this made her feel ridiculed. She was made redundant when the business collapsed and she then decided to sue the company. However, a panel has found she was not discriminated against and her health had been taken seriously by the firm. Judge Sarah George concluded: ‘[Her boss’s treatment] is completely at odds with her description of being continually pressured to work during holidays and generally being treated unreasonably. ‘We are quite satisfied that the reason for the dismissal was redundancy. ‘We have concluded that she was not disabled by reason of anxiety, mental health issues and/or PTSD during the period relevant for the disability discrimination claim which is March 2018 to December 2018.’ Ms Hurynovich was awarded just under £8,000 for underpayment of notice and accrued holiday pay. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.