An upset dad claims that an appeal to track him down for suspected fly-tipping has led to his kids being picked on at school. Canterbury City Council published a picture of Liam Blackwell last week, alleging that he was among those caught on CCTV dumping litter in a Kent seaside town. But the 33-year-old builder say the bin stores at the block in Herne Bay, where his girlfriend lives, were full at the time of the incident on April 9 this year. He told KentOnline that he left a plastic box next to the bin, where there have been a number of reports of fly tipping. But now the father has accused the council of not picking rubbish up frequently enough and says he was even concerned about losing his job as a result of the fall out from the appeal. Mr Blackwell explained: ‘I logged onto my Facebook and saw everyone was like “mate, have you seen what’s going on?” ‘Kids at my children’s school are taking the mick out of them, laughing at them over it.’ Mr Blackwell says he did not know the best place to put the rubbish because the bins were full – so instead put a single box beside the shed – and branded the council response ‘pathetic’. The Canterbury Dad says the box had his partner’s daughter’s old yellow dress inside, along with a pair of shoes and a broken lid. Having seen the images being released last Wednesday, he claimed he was concerned about his job. ‘My boss said he didn’t want me working there because he said it was bad publicity for his company,’ Mr Blackwell told the website. ‘I managed to get it back, but it was so stressful. It’s made out I did a massive bit of fly-tipping. ‘If they want to prosecute me over a plastic box that’s up to them, but it’s disgusting, I think.’ Some five alleged fly-tippers were pictured by the council, who put a camera in place between March 29 and April 27. Council spokesman Rob Davies told KentOnline: ‘An appeal like this is always very carefully thought through in advance and we are aware of the impact it can cause. ‘It is very much a last resort when all other options to resolve a problem have been exhausted. ‘We are continuing to investigate this, and are grateful for the information that has come in so far and will be taking appropriate action.’ He added that rubbish disposal at the Elizabeth Court site was being ‘reviewed’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : New tram line could run along Thames and link Essex to Kent