Former Countdown star Carol Vorderman didn’t appear to rule out the idea of returning to the Channel 4 show after Anne Robinson’s exit. Earlier this week, it was confirmed Anne, 77, would be departing in the coming weeks after just a year at the helm. Of course, it didn’t take fans long to speculate over her potential replacement, with names such as Richard Osman and Colin Murray at the top of the bookies’ odds. But long-time watchers of the game show have called for former and letters whizz Carol to return to where she made her name, this time as the main host. Carol quickly responded to the idea herself, telling fans it would be ‘an honour’ to return to the beloved show. She wrote on social media: ‘Thank you to all of you saying such lovely things about the possibility of me returning to Countdown. You’re very kind & it would be an honour.’ But the TV star seemed to play down the idea she would actually make a comeback, offering up her well wishes to Anne’s replacement. She tweeted: ‘but I want to wish whoever is the lucky human to be the new host all the love and 9 letter words in the world [sic].’ It comes after it was reported bosses were keen on a comeback for the former co-host, who remained a fixture for 26 years. ‘Carol is such a big part of Countdown and Channel 4 knows how much everyone loves her. ‘Bosses would love her to come back as the main host, her Countdown journey would come full circle. It would be perfect,’ a show source told The Sun. Departing host Anne also told fans she would love another woman to take over after announcing her departure. Anne commented: ‘I’ve had a blast hosting this wonderful show. And I stayed longer than I signed up for. ‘Now it is time for an older woman to take the reins,’ she shared, announcing her exit from the game show. ‘I hope too I’ve encouraged TV bosses to realise that not all women at the wrong end of their seventies are in care homes playing bingo and watching conjuring tricks,’ she said. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Carol Vorderman and Channel 4 for comment. Countdown airs weekdays from 2.10pm on Channel 4. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ITV presenter Ruth Dodsworth shares defiant message to controlling ex as she prepares for his release from prison MORE : Lizzo very confused by Harry Styles question on The One Show: ‘What did you say?’ 