Whether you’re a skincare aficionado with a skincare cupboard rivalling a major beauty retailer or a simple ‘cleanse and get on with life’ person, the best thing about skincare is simply how personalised it is. However, if you’re looking to switch things up a little, you might want to consider developing separate skincare routines for day and night. It doesn’t have to be extremely complicated, but adding in the products that work best at a particular time of day can help you go the extra mile when it comes to skincare. According to Eve Casha, chief scientific officer at skincare site Dermoi, the skin ‘acts differently’ during the day and at night. ‘This is because activities of the skin operate on their own cycle called the circadian rhythm,’ she says. ‘Circadian rhythms are controlled by the master-clock of our nervous system and are influenced by the environment and exposure to light.’ During the day, the skin is protecting the body from so many elements, including UV exposure, pollution, moisture loss and more. The night is a completely different environment for your skin, so the circadian rhythm helps move your skin from a protective to repair mode. It’s important to nourish your skin according to its needs, and by creating two different routines for day and night, it can really take your skincare to the next level. There are many different products out there – depending on your skin type, budget and needs. Ultimately, daytime skincare is about protection and nourishment while nighttime skincare aims to work on skin issues and prepares it for the next day. It’s very important to start both routines with a good cleanser. Some people assume that a wash before you sleep is all you need but AM facial cleansing is important – germs can get on your face from your bedsheets, while saliva and oil can transfer to your face. Exfoliating once or twice a week is also recommended to remove dirt, dullness and sweep away dead skin cells. The best time is in the morning where you can sweep away the oils and grit from the night before. For night time in particular, consider using a night mask. You can choose a sheet mask, or a clay mask – whatever suits you. Eve Casha from Dermoi recommends the Noble Panacea’s overnight skincare – such as the ‘Exceptional Chronobiology Sleep Mask’ which uses modern, intelligent technology to nourish, hydrate and rejuvenate the skin using actives (retinol and peptides.) For your day skincare routine, ensure you incorporate Vitamin C (to help brighten your skin) and suncream, to protect it from the UV rays of the sun. Vitamin C is hydrating, fades hyperpigmentation and promotes collagen production, while suncream is known to protect from skin cancer, reduces premature ageing and prevents sunburn. However you look after your skin, it’s important to listen to it and give it the treatment it needs best. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From hiking shoes to skincare, these are the hottest summer buys MORE : Popular American skincare brand Tatcha is finally coming to the UK MORE : Starting skincare for the first time? Here’s what you need to know