More than 400 people in a Welsh town will be popping the bubbly after winning a share of £3.7 million on the People’s Postcode Lottery. Nine lucky neighbours from Pen-Y-Dre in Rhymney took home the biggest portion of the prize after their postcode, NP22 5DL, was named the big winner. Edward Owen, 76, who played with two tickets, won £370,000 while the other eight walked away with £185,000. The retired steel worker said he was ‘absolutely elated’ and plans to spend the money on a new car and cruise around the world. ‘You never expect to win this amount of money,’ Mr Owen said. ‘I don’t think they’ll believe me when I tell them how much I’ve won.’ Lisa Scanlon, 43, a quality control officer in a chocolate factory, scooped £185,000. She said: ‘I’m always teased in my family about how sensible I am with my money, so I’ll need to think of something exciting to spend it on, maybe a trip to the Maldives.’ Lewis Lance, 68, who has lived in his house for more than 34 years, said he hopes to buy a bungalow with his partner Rose. ‘I’m on cloud nine,’ he said. ‘We’ve been thinking for the last couple of years about buying a bungalow and now I definitely think we’ll take the plunge and go for it.’ Rose, an NHS worker, could not enjoy the celebrations for long as she had to head off for a shift, but said the win will help the ‘whole family’. ‘The last couple of years have been really tough and I’ve been working seven days a week, so this money has really come at a great time,’ she said. ‘We’re going to have a big party to celebrate, and we’ll spoil our children and grandchildren.’ Gladys Kent, 72, said she is looking forward to buying some new slippers. Mrs Kent, a retired home helper, also plans to get a new car with ramp access for her mobility scooter, a new three-piece suite, and she will take her whole family on a trip to Benidorm. ‘It’s my husband Gary’s 75th birthday tomorrow so we’ll have a big party with our three children and eight grandchildren, now we have even more reason to celebrate,’ she said. Another 426 players in the same postcode received cheques ranging from £3,894 to £11,682, depending on how many tickets they played with. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.