Ever since Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker got married over the weekend, the bride’s small dress has set my imagination aflame. She obviously isn’t the first to wear a short dress for her wedding (it would be a crime if I didn’t remind everyone how absolutely adorable Lily Allen looked at her Vegas wedding to David Harbour), but Kourtney’s lingerie-inspired Dolce & Gabbana lace and satin corset mini dress – paired with that stunning intricate veil – has awakened something within me. It proves that you can cut your hemline without going short on drama. Previously, my personal tastes skewed more towards slinky floor-length gowns. But now, suddenly, the thought of getting married in a flirty little mini dress sounds downright dreamy. You could even do a little outfit change into a mini dress for the evening do, to get the best of both worlds. The possibilities are endless. With the likes of Sharon Tate, Audrey Hepburn and Cindy Crawford having gone the short route before, I’m only embarrassed it’s taken me this long to fall down a mini wedding dress rabbit hole. Care to join me? Whether you’re looking for a little inspo, or you just want to judge, below is a list of some chic short-skirted wedding dresses. Price: £75 Get it from: Asos Price: £895 Get it from: The Vampire’s Wife Price: £850 Get it from: Matchesfashion Price: £195 Get it from: Wolf and Badger Price: £640 Get it from: Matchesfashion Price: £130 Get it from: Asos Price: £300 Get it from: Mytheresa Price: £600 Get it from: Rixo Price: £75 Get it from: Asos Price: £295 Get it from: Mytheresa Price: £1,206 Get it from: Revolve This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Kourtney Kardashian changes name hours after marrying Travis Barker in stunning Italian wedding MORE : Pets at weddings is a big trend for 2022 – meet the people who’ve done it MORE : ‘I couldn’t catch my breath’: Brooklyn Beckham on seeing stunning bride Nicola Peltz for first time as newlyweds open up on their wedding in Vogue