Birds of a Feather’s Pauline Quirk couldn’t have looked happier as she reunited with her co-stars Linda Robson and Lesley Joseph for a spot of lunch. After Loose Women star Linda quashed rumours last year that a feud had torn them apart, the trio enjoyed tea at The Delaunay in Covent Garden. The trio, who played Sharon, Tracey and Dorien in the long-running sitcom, appeared to be the best of chums as they cosied up to one another for a photo while sat at the table. ‘A lovely lunch with my beautiful friends in the @thedelaunay.’ Linda captioned the image. The post was immediately met with applause, with Good Morning Britain’s entertainment reporter Richard Arnold writing: ‘There you are.’ Love Island star Laura Anderson added: ‘Iconic’ with the hands up emoji. Linda previously denied any idea of there being a feud after Pauline declined to reprise her role as Sharon in the sitcom’s Christmas special in 2020. In May last year, the actress insisted that Pauline simply wanted to dedicate her time to other projects. ‘Take no notice of what you’ve heard about me and Pauline falling out. It’s a load of old codswallop,’ Linda told The Sun. ‘Pauline just chose not to do Birds Of A Feather. She wants to concentrate on her acting academy, that’s that. ‘We’ve known each other since we were 10. We’re friends. Will Pauline return to the show? I don’t know.’ She also denied reports of a rift during an appearance on Good Morning Britain in July 2021. ‘We haven’t had a falling out, Pauline don’t wanna act any more, she wants to concentrate on her academy,’ she told presenters Adil Ray and Kate Garraway. ‘You’ve gotta respect her wishes. We did the Christmas special, they asked us if we’d like to do it and we said yes.’ Linda and Pauline played sisters Sharon and Tracey in Birds of a Feather, with Lesley Joseph cast as their man-loving friend, Dorien. Running for eight years on BBC, the show was later rebooted on ITV in 2014 and has returned with periodic specials keeping fans updated on their lives. Birds of A Feather is available to stream on BritBox. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 