The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge reportedly want to be called by their first names and not their official titles in order to be ‘more approachable’ following their controversial Caribbean tour. Prince William and Kate Middleton are also said to want to stop people curtsying and bowing to them while they’re on duty. The alleged royal shake-up comes after the concerned couple decided their tour of Belize, Jamaica and the Bahamas was ‘out of touch and stuffy’, it’s claimed. A source told the Sunday Mirror royal aides had ‘pinpointed specific things that went wrong with the tour and how to improve moving forward’. ‘The general consensus was that the tour seemed out of date, out of touch, too formal and stuffy’, they said. ‘So now it’s more “Wills and Kate” instead of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge… “Just call me Wills” type of thing. ‘They want to try to avoid the bows and curtsies in public, be more approachable, less formal, less stuffy, and break away with a lot of the tradition and focus on a modern monarchy.’ A bid was made to strengthen the Royal Family’s ties with the Commonwealth as the pair travelled to the three Caribbean spots in March to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. But when they arrived, they were accused of benefitting from the ‘blood, tears and sweat’ of slaves by protesters. Images of the couple riding in the back of an open-top Land Rover during a military parade in Jamaica were denounced as harking back to colonial days. Meanwhile, critics described it as a ‘PR disaster’ as other pictures showed the Cambridges shaking hands with Kingston locals behind a wire mesh fence. William described slavery as an ‘appalling atrocity’ that ‘stains our history’ during a speech at a dinner hosted by the Governor-General of Jamaica – but didn’t directly apologise for the Royal Family’s role. He was forced to acknowledge the outrage – and that the monarchy’s days in the Caribbean could soon be over – in a statement marking the end of the tour. ’I know that this tour has brought into even sharper focus questions about the past and the future. In Belize, Jamaica and The Bahamas, that future is for the people to decide upon’, he said. ‘But we have thoroughly enjoyed spending time with communities in all three countries, understanding more about the issues that matter most to them. ‘Catherine and I are committed to service. For us that’s not telling people what to do.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Buckingham Palace for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.