A Tory MP has been accused of ‘making light’ of rape allegations against a colleague. Michael Fabricant has come in for strong criticism after making a flippant remark about the development online. He wrote on Twitter that the Commons benches would be packed for prime minister’s questions by MPs eager to demonstrate they are not the unnamed politician arrested by the Met. It comes after a Conservative MP in his 50s was released on bail pending further inquiries and ordered to stay away from parliament. He was detained on suspicion of indecent assault, abuse of position of trust and misconduct in public office, alleged offences committed in London between 2002 and 2009. Mr Fabricant, who has represented his Staffordshire constituency since 1992, shared a Telegraph article on Twitter concerning the arrest. He added: ‘I am expecting a strong turnout of Conservative MPs at Prime Minister’s Questions today. ‘Not only to demonstrate their strong support for #Boris (!!). BUT also to prove they are NOT the one told by the Chief Whip to stay at home. I’ll be there!’ The message, which was signed of a winking face emoji, has drawn a backlash on social media. Labour MP Chris Bryant, who is also chair of parliament’s standards organisation, replied ‘take it down’. He wrote: ‘Seriously Michael take this down now. It shows callous disregard for the alleged victims, and it implies rape and sexual assault are a laughing matter.’ Deputy Labour leader Angela Rayner labelled it ‘grotesque’, while shadow health secretary Wes Streeting warned ‘this isn’t a joke’. Paula Sherriff, the former Labour MP for Dewsbury, wrote: ‘This is, at best, highly inappropriate and at worst, sick and frankly, depraved. ‘What sort of person pokes fun out of allegations of serious sexual assault and misconduct in public office. ‘You’re supposed to set an example, be a role model…for god’s sake, start acting like one.’ In a statement, Mr Fabricant told Metro.co.uk: ‘In no way was I making light of rape or any other assault. ‘They disgust me. I was, however, commenting on the speculation as to who the MP might be.’ He is understood to have been spoken to by Tory whips, who briefed that the comment was ‘inappropriate’. The Conservative Party has not identified the MP at the centre of the allegations and he remains a member, despite being asked not to attend parliament. A statement from the Tory whips’ office said: ‘The chief whip has asked that the MP concerned does not attend the Parliamentary estate while an investigation is ongoing. ‘Until the conclusion of the investigation we will not be commenting further.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.