Michael Sheen has welcomed a new baby with partner Anna Lundberg, who he shares a two-year-old daughter with. The Good Omens star took to Twitter to share the happy news with fans, hash-tagging yesterday’s date with a series of emojis and a sweet picture of the newborn’s hand clinging to his finger. ‘And just like that… there was another monkey jumping on the bed,’ he penned. Fans rushed to comment their congratulations and admire the cuteness, with one writing: ‘Oh my god, now we have another little angel in this world, congratulations!!’ In 2019, the couple welcomed their first child, a daughter called Lyra, and only recently shared their pregnancy announcement that they are adding to their brood, with the actor also sharing an elder daughter, Lily, 23, with ex Kate Beckinsale. Revealing their pregnancy news in March, the 53-year-old had shared a series of tweets which also included a pivotal update on Good Omens season two. In his first tweet, he shared a photo of his Good Omens character Aziraphale’s coat hanging on the back of a door, hinting that he may have wrapped on filming for the second season of the Terry Pratchett adaptation with David Tennant. ‘At times like this we need all the angels we can get. Sadly it’s time for this one to hang up his coat. However….#GoodOmens2,’ he wrote. In a second tweet, alongside a picture of three individuals’ hands resting on a pregnant stomach, he wrote: ‘…..it appears there may be another on the way! #AngelDelight.’ It’s believed that Michael and Anna have been dating since at least 2019, with the pair previously appearing on Celebrity Gogglebox together. In August 2019, he addressed rumours about his relationship with the Swedish actress on Twitter with a statement that read: ‘Wouldn’t normally respond to this kind of thing but for the sake of people I love and who have more important things to focus on right now – I was single from the beginning of last summer until I met my partner Anna who is now going to have our baby. Just for the record. Thanks.’ Good Omens is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Chris Brown offers ‘congratulations’ after Rihanna ‘gives birth to baby boy’ with A$AP Rocky MORE : Made In Chelsea’s Oliver Proudlock ‘thrilled’ to welcome first baby with wife Emma Louise Connolly: ‘She’s here’ 