Coleen Rooney’s secret Instagram posts have been revealed as her ‘Wagatha Christie’ court case with Rebekah Vardy has come to an end. Posts shared by Rooney on her private Instagram account have been released, in which she gloated about accusing Vardy of leaking stories to the press about her. Rooney had earned the moniker of Wagatha Christie after setting up a sting operation to plant fake stories on an Instagram story only visible to Vardy’s account, before publicly calling Vardy out. She had shared a series of text posts in the wake of the scandal, reading: ‘Don’t play games with a girl who can play better.’ Another read: ‘After years of my personal Instagram posts getting leaked to The Sun newspaper… I’ve finally cracked it and know exactly whose account it is!!!’ She then added that ‘other people in the public eye have had suspicions as well of things happening to them.’ As well as Rooney’s Instagram posts, WhatsApp messages between Vardy and her husband, Jamie Vardy, were also released following the end of the trial. Vardy had complained of her and her husband being ‘scapegoated’ at Euro 2016 and the news coverage making her ‘blood boil’. The mother-of-five’s messages with her husband, who is stored in her phone as ‘hubby’, from June 23, 2016, saw her share a link to an article in which Wayne Rooney was claimed to have ‘held talks’ with her husband about her. Vardy messaged him: ‘Seriously????’, to which her husband responded: ‘No not at all babes x’. She replied: ’T**ts trying to make me into a scapegoat X,’ to which the footballer responded: ‘F*****g arseholes x’. Vardy also shared another article with the headline ‘Wayne Rooney asks Jamie Vardy to make sure his wife lowers her social media profile during Euros’, adding: ‘Jesus… This must have come from somewhere!’ The footballer responded: ‘Haha no1 said a word, probably the b***dy FA’, to which his wife added: ‘Joke makes my blood boil X.’ Vardy and Rooney had both given evidence in a seven-day trial of the case, with Vardy denying she leaked stories to the press and suing Rooney for libel, while Rooney defended the claim on the basis her post was ‘substantially true’. Judge Mrs Justice Steyn is due to give her ruling at a later date. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : The Wagatha Christie TV series: Our dream casting including who could play Coleen Rooney and Rebekah Vardy MORE : Rebekah Vardy ‘cries in court’ as Wagatha Christie libel trial against Coleen Rooney draws to close 