Billy Sharp has blasted the ‘mindless idiot’ who attacked him after Sheffield United’s defeat to Nottingham Forest on Tuesday night, but added: ‘I will not let one scumbag ruin my respect for the Forest fans.’ The Blades captain was watching on after the defeat on penalties to Forest in the Championship play-offs semi-final at the City Ground as fans invaded the pitch. The 36-year-old was stood still on the touchline when a man ran at him and landed a headbutt, knocking Sharp to the floor. Nottinghamshire Police’s chief inspector Paul Hennessy has since confirmed: ‘A 31-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault in connection with this incident. He remains in custody and will be questioned by officers.’ Sharp was left needing stitches after the violent assault, but he has sent a classy message to the vast majority of Forest fans he has respect for, having spent the 2012-13 season on loan at the club, scoring 11 goals. ‘One mindless idiot ruined what was an unbelievable night of football,’ Sharp posted on Twitter. ‘Congratulations to Nottingham Forest on their victory and good luck in the final. As an ex Forest player I will not let one scumbag ruin my respect for the Forest fans. ‘Incredibly proud to be captain of this group of Sheffield United players, they gave their all and can hold their heads up high. We will be back and go again. Thanks for all your messages and support after the incident.’ Forest have condemned the incident and said in a statement they will ‘will work with the authorities to locate the individual’ and the offender will be subject to ‘a life ban’ from the club. Sheffield United manager Paul Heckingbottom said of the incident: ‘There will be something done about that, we’ve seen what’s happened, you know what’s happened. There’s a prison sentence there without a doubt. ‘How can you come to your place of work, minding your own business, and be assaulted in that fashion? ‘It’s bang out of order, it’s everything that’s wrong, like I say, too many times, you hear people condemn it but nothing’s done about it. We’re the ones who suffer. ‘It’s upsetting for lots of reasons, but it’ll be dealt with.’ MORE : Man arrested for attacking Billy Sharp after Nottingham Forest fans stage mass pitch invasion MORE : Billy Sharp attacked by Nottingham Forest fan after Sheffield United’s play-off semi-final defeat For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 