A stunning chateau that looks straight out of Disney’s Beauty and the Beast has gone on sale for a whopping £20,481,500.00 ($25,000,000). The incredible home has two acres of private land, a 2,000-bottle wine cellar, a movie theatre, gym, spa, pub, and staff quarters. Named Château de la Roche, it is a French-inspired limestone manor with mosaic-tiled marble floors and a dramatic 37-foot-high arched cathedral ceiling. It is built on a two-acre hilltop in an exclusive enclave of Alpine, New Jersey. Works on the manor were completed in 2017 after a four year construction process led by architect Robert Zampolin. Crowned by a mansard roof, the chateau has a historic feel but at the same time has modern features. The floors of the property are mosaic-tiled marble, hardwood, and stone, while a series of large windows gives light and provides views of the stunning landscaped gardens. Chateau de la Roche is fitted with a number of smart technologies and modern luxuries including a pool and spa as well as a movie theatre with a 120-inch projection screen, digital surround-sound system, and built-in, custom-designed leather chairs. Like a castle out of a Disney film, there is a huge double staircase which leads up to seven bedrooms and 12 bathrooms. There are even staff quarters in the home. Meanwhile, fans of Beauty and the Beast can live out their favourite moments in their own mahogany-panelled library with gold-leaf inlay mouldings, coffered ceiling, detailed carvings, and warm parquet floors. Included in the room is a marble fireplace, as well as built-in bookshelves, and a separate study tucked behind stone columns and pillars. To the right of the grand foyer is the formal dining room and a state-of-the art kitchen. Beyond this point lies the great room which is a perfect for family time with its French doors that lead out onto the rear gardens and pool terrace. The home also boasts a stunning octagonal conservatory with a hand-painted double-height ceiling and floor-to-ceiling windows facing the grounds. In addition to this guests can find a mud room, garage, and secondary staircase rising to the private quarters in the central corridor. If stairs aren’t your thing,  there’s even an elevator that will help you climb to all floors. A long hallway leads to five luxurious bedroom suites on the second floor, accessible via the main staircase in the foyer, a secondary staircase, or the aforementioned elevator. The owner’s suite, is fit for a Disney princess and is entered through a vestibule, with a coved ceiling and French doors opening to an elegant sitting room. The bathroom is like a spa with mosaic tiles, a free-standing tub, showers, commode, double vanity, and two huge dressing rooms with custom-designed closet space. All the remaining bedrooms have en suite bathrooms, walk-in closets, high ceilings, and oversized windows. One bedroom, with a spiral staircase leading to a loft space, is used as an office. This floor also includes a laundry room and ample storage areas. So if you’re looking to start a tale as old as time, this is the property for you. It is currently on the market with Denise Albanese of Christie’s International Real Estate, northern New Jersey. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Two-bed property in France up for sale at £40,000 – and it would make a great holiday home MORE : An expert reveals the ‘four Ps’ of property investment you need to know MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value