A coup to remove Vladimir Putin from power is already underway and Russia will lose the war by the end of this year, the head of Ukraine’s military intelligence has said. Major General Kyrylo Budanov, 36, said he is ‘optimistic’ defeat will spell the end for the Russian president, with ‘the breaking point’ in the conflict coming in the late summer. Speaking to Sky News, he said: ‘Most of the active combat will have finished by the end of this year. It will eventually lead to the change of leadership of the Russian Federation. ‘This process has already been launched. As a result, we will renew Ukrainian power in all out territories.’ General Budanov’s comments are the most confident appraisal given by a Ukrainian official since the beginning of the conflict on February 24. Rubbishing the perception of Russia as posing a ‘big threat’, he dismissed the army as ‘a horde of people with weapons’ and said ‘this highly publicised Russian power is a myth’. It comes as an unnamed Russian oligarch is reported to have confessed to a Western colleague that Putin is ‘very ill with blood cancer’. The billionaire, whose name was withheld for his safety, was said to have been secretly taped expressing his contempt for the ‘crazy’ president’s invasion of Ukraine. General Budanov, who correctly predicted Russia would invade earlier this year, also claimed Putin is seriously ill, saying he is in a ‘very bad psychological and physical condition and he is very sick’. Putin’s health has been the subject of intense speculation since he launched his invasion, with his noticeably puffy face said to be caused by using steroids to treat cancer. Recent video clips have shown him walking with a limp, trembling uncontrollably and gripping the sides of a table while speaking to defence minister Sergei Shoigu. He also sat with a heavy blanket draped over his legs at the recent Victory Day parade in Moscow’s Red Square. The unnamed oligarch was recorded saying Putin had surgery on his back linked with blood cancer shortly before the invasion. New Lines magazine, which obtained the recording, said it was able to authenticate the billionaire’s identity and voice but would not reveal their name because of reprisals. An investigation last month suggested he was under near-constant supervision by a cancer surgeon and other specialist doctors who would typically monitor a cancer patient. Meanwhile, it has been claimed that body doubles are prepared to step in and make public appearances when the tyrant undergoes further surgery in the near future. Putin could be out of action for between two and ten days while his troops continue to struggle with their failing invasion of Ukraine, according to anti-Kremlin Telegram Channel SVR General. Reports have suggested Putin’s top commanders would ignore any order to strike Ukraine or the West with nuclear weapons due to concerns over his health. Christo Grozev, an expert on Russian affairs associated with the Bellingcat open source research group, said leading military and security officials believe he is either dying or gravely ill. Believing he may not have long left, the inner circle would not risk being hauled in front of a modern day Nuremberg trial. Putin and his cronies have made a series of thinly veiled threats to unleash nuclear weapons as the invasion has continued to falter. Most recently, the Kremlin warned that Finland’s decision to apply for Nato membership would be met with ‘retaliatory steps’ and the West’s arming of Ukraine risks ‘full-fledged nuclear war’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.