Cannes Film Festival has officially kicked off, with stars including Julianne Moore, Eva Longoria, and Lashana Lynch leading arrivals on the red carpet. The annual festival has returned to its full glitz and glamour this year after being cancelled in 2020 and being held under strict protocols in 2021 due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The stars looked absolutely glorious, with actress Julianne looking entirely chic in an all-black gown. Desperate Housewives star Eva dazzled in a plunging number, while No Time To Die star Lashana looked positively regal in a white gown. Also posing on the red carpet were the likes of Knives Out actress Katherine Langford, Game of Thrones star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, and Forest Whitaker. There are plenty of films premiering at Cannes this year, including Baz Luhrman’s Elvis, starring Austin Butler, with Lisa Marie Presley recently praising the film for its depiction of her father. The 54-year-old daughter of the late Elvis Presley shared her thoughts on the film on Twitter, during which she said the 30-year-old actor ‘channeled and embodied my father’s heart & soul beautifully’, and if he didn’t win an Academy Award she ‘will eat my own foot’. ‘I do want to take a moment to let you know that I’ve seen Baz Luhrmann’s movie Elvis twice now,’ she tweeted. ‘Let me tell you that it is nothing short of spectacular. Absolutely exquisite. Austin Butler channelled and embodied my father’s heart & soul beautifully.’ Meanwhile, the opening ceremony for this year’s festival also featured a speech from Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky amid the war with Ukraine. The leader shared a message virtually at the Cannes Film Festival opening ceremony on Tuesday, quoting Chaplin’s 1940 film The Great Dictator. ‘The hate of men will pass, and dictators die, and the power they took from the people will return to the people,’ Zelensky said in his powerful speech. ‘And so long as men die, liberty will never perish.’ Wearing his signature green military shirt, Zelensky received a standing ovation from the crowd gathered watching. Satirical comedy-drama The Great Dictator saw the actor condemn Adolf Hitler, Benito Mussolini, fascism, antisemitism, and the Nazis. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky quotes Charlie Chaplin in address to Cannes Film Festival: ‘The hate of men will pass’ MORE : The five Cannes films to actually get excited about this year 