There have been another 71 cases of monkeypox found in England, bringing the number of UK cases as a whole since May 7 to 179. The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) announced the new cases this evening, having not given details of cases over the weekend. There are currently four confirmed cases in Scotland, two in Northern Ireland and one in Wales. Dr Ruth Milton, senior medical advisor at UKHSA, said: ‘We are continuing to work closely with our colleagues in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland to ensure we are aligned in our approach to reducing the risk of transmission of monkeypox in the UK. ‘We are reminding people to look out for new spots, ulcers or blisters on any part of their body. ‘If anyone suspects they might have these, particularly if they have recently had a new sexual partner, they should limit their contact with others and contact NHS 111 or their local sexual health service as soon as possible, though please phone ahead before attending in person. ‘This will help us to limit the virus being passed on.’ It comes as new guidance was published today from UKHSA looking at how people can reduce the risk from the viral disease. It says that people who may have it should avoid contact with others until their lesions have healed and the scabs have dried off. They should ‘follow standard cleaning and disinfection methods’ and wash their own clothing and bed linen. The guidance says people should also abstain from sex while symptomatic,. And ‘while there is currently no available evidence of monkeypox in genital excretions, as a precaution, cases are advised to use condoms for eight weeks after infection’. If people who may have monkeypox need to travel to seek healthcare, they should cover any lesions with cloth, wear a face covering and avoid public transport where possible. Contacts of someone with monkeypox will also be risk assessed and told to isolate for 21 days if necessary. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.