Calvin Harris looked like a kid in a candy shop as he joined Liverpool FC’s parade bus following their Champions League match today. The superstar DJ, who recently got engaged to presenter Vick Hope, was brought on-board to spin tracks for the Reds and their fans as the double-decker snaked around Merseyside on Sunday. It came after Liverpool suffered a defeat during the Champions League final in Paris on Saturday with Real Madrid taking the trophy. However, they have plenty to celebrate having won the FA Cup and Carabao Cup recently and what better way than to have one of the biggest DJs in the world soundtrack their victory parade. Calvin, who produced one of the club’s unofficial anthems, One Kiss, was spotted mingling with footballers Jordan Henderson, Andrew Robertson, Jordan Henderson and Virgil van Dijk. The music producer became an honorary member of the team as he was seen giving fans two thumbs up before treating the crowds to his songs. Hours before, the Summer hitmaker had shared his disappointment that he would be missing Liverpool’s game in France as he was headlining BBC Radio 1’s Big Weekend in Coventry that night. However, Henderson sent a special message to the Reds fan, writing in an Instagram post: ‘Hi Calvin, it’s Jordan Henderson. I know you will be devastated about missing the Champions League final on Saturday but I hear you have a pretty big weekend ahead of you yourself, so I hope it goes well.’ He added: ‘Good luck, I am sure it will and fingers crossed we can do our bit in Paris and the next time I see you, we can have a big party.’ Calvin’s barely been out of the spotlight over the past week as reports emerged that he had proposed to secret girlfriend Vick. The couple had kept their relationship under wraps for five months but made their first public appearance together at the Chelsea Flower Show last week. The lovebirds looked smitten as they strolled around the grounds and Vick was spotted wearing a ring on her engagement finger. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Vick Hope flashes huge ring as she leads stars at Radio 1’s Big Weekend while ‘fiance’ Calvin Harris headlines MORE : Calvin Harris and Vick Hope’s dating history amid engagement rumours – from Taylor Swift to Tom Rosenthal 