Camila Cabello got the Champions League Final off to a fiery start by opening the game with a performance of some of her biggest hits. The Cuban-American singer headlined the opening ceremony, presented by Pepsi, at the Stade de France, before Liverpool and Real Madrid took to the pitch for the game. The 25-year-old pop star delighted fans with an electric performance, which was delayed significantly due to reports of teargassing from police on football fans outside the stadium. When she was finally able to perform, Camila did not disappoint, opening with one of her biggest singles, Señorita. The Grammy Award nominee was surrounded by dancers and musicians as she gave attendees a spectacle to remember, well and truly getting the party started before an intense match. Camila looked sensational in an all-white fringed ensemble, donning a pair of tiny hot pats, crop top, and knee-high boots. She accessorised with gold jewellery, wore her hair in braids and completed her look with vibrant eye make-up. Meanwhile, dancers wore red, orange and yellow outfits, playing drums on the pitch, surrounded by fire and explosions of colour. At one point, dancers arranged themselves on the pitch to spell out ‘Hola’ and ‘Hello’, as well as ‘Familia’, which is the name of Camila’s recently released third studio album. Camila – who also performed energetic, sassy choreography with a fan – treated viewers to her latest release Bam Bam, as well as smash hit Havana and lively tune Don’t Go Yet. She certainly oozed confidence as she pranced around the stage and made playful expressions towards the camera. Fans – many of whom tuned into the game solely to watch Camila – took to Twitter to express their amazement following her performance, while pro footballer Steven Gerrard joked that he only knew two of her songs but, after she had performed, he knew four. ‘Wow @Camila_Cabello absolutely smashed her performance at @ChampionsLeague final tonight so so proud of you Camila you slayed queen,’ one person tweeted. ‘Camila Cabello’s performance was so beautiful. It gave me World Cup vibes not only Champions League. Her bringing culture back to football is incredible,’ said another, with commentator Jake Humphries also noting that her performance gave the game a Super Bowl feel. Another Camila supporter even said they had ‘tears’ in their eyes watching her give her all at the opening ceremony, with ‘confidence radiating off her’. ‘That is how you open a show,’ other stated. Prior to the gig, Camila said she was nervous, before the excitement kicked in. ‘All of Europe is watching, I love being here. I mean, something that I love about soccer fans is the amount of joy and intensity and passion, like that energy that you feel,’ she told Uefa. ‘I’ve always wanted to go to a soccer game. I’m not just saying that because I’m here, it is something I’ve always wanted to cross off my bucket list. ‘My dad is Mexican; I’m Latin, so soccer is a big part of our culture and rooting for Mexico whenever they play. So I’ve always wanted to go to a game and I watch this TV series called Club de Cuervos, which is a Mexican TV series about soccer.’ She said she planned to inject her performance with ‘that same joy and passion and also that Mexican/Cuban culture too,’ which we reckon she definitely did. ‘The whole thing is basically built for this kind of setting in terms of the highest energy possible. I definitely think it will give them a lot of energy.’ When quizzed on which team she’s supporting, Camila revealed she is ‘rooting for them both’ as she ‘can’t imagine what it’s like to be in their place.’ ‘You’ve asked me if I was nervous – imagine them. They’ve been working so hard; I’m rooting for them both.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Little Women: Atlanta star Ms. Juicy Baby out of hospital after suffering stroke MORE : Louise Thompson shares frightening health scare on holiday after heavy bleeding sent her into ‘deep panic mode’ 