The MP who said that those using food banks should just learn to cook and budget better claimed £15,823.44 more than the average MP in business expenses, it has emerged. Tory backbencher Lee Anderson MP sparked outrage when he blamed people’s poor financial management for the surging demand for help. But it appears that Mr Anderson might need some budgeting help himself, as he claimed £219,703.44 in business costs from 2020 to 2021, according to IPSA (the  the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority). This compares to the average of £203,880 claimed by MPs for their office, staffing, accommodation, travel and subsistence. The biggest costs were £165,215.27 for staffing, £33,144.30 for office costs and £17,650.60 for accommodation. Also listed was £67.57 for hospitality. During a Commons debate, the Ashfield MP, on an £84,144 salary, accused critics of being ‘out of touch’. He praised a ‘brilliant scheme’ run by a food bank in his Nottinghamshire constituency, where anyone accepting donations must register for a budgeting course and a cooking course. ‘We show them how o cook cheap and nutritious meals on a budget – we can make a meal for about 30p a day and this is cooking from scratch,’ he said. ‘Look at our food bank, how it works, and I think you’ll see first-hand that there’s not this massive use for food banks in this country. ‘We’ve got generation after generation who cannot cook properly. not because people don’t know to cook but because we have poverty in this country which should shame his government.’ ‘They can’t cook a meal from scratch, they cannot budget – the challenge is there.’ Yesterday, a survey revealed that almost one in five people are losing sleep over the cost of living crisis as rising energy bills and food prices squeeze household budgets. At the local elections earlier this month, people shared photos of polling stations doubling up as food banks illustrating how widespread the demand has become. Asked on Thursday on Sky News about Mr Anderson’s remarks, justice minister Victoria Atkins said they were ‘not right’. ‘This is not the view of me or anyone else in Government. We want to give not just immediate help but longer-term support as well,’ she said. Speaking to Times Radio on Thursday, Mr Anderson doubled down on his remarks, saying he was being criticised for ‘talking common sense’. ‘The point I was trying to make is that I think the actual food bank usage is exaggerated,’ he said. He added: ‘The point I was trying to make is that, yes, we’ve got lots of food banks but, actually, if we get to the real nub of the problem in a lot of cases, then there are generations of people out there that simply haven’t got the skills to budget properly and to go shopping and do a proper weekly shop like we used to back in the day, and use of fresh ingredients to make nutritious meals.’ Labour defector Mr Anderson also shared on Facebook a link to a YouTube video of the ‘batch cooking sessions’ in his constituency, adding: ‘I make no apologies for trying to help people fend for themselves by helping them learn the skills they need.’ It comes after he hit back at the reporting of his comments, writing on Facebook: ‘Gutter Press Again. ‘I did not say poor people cannot cook or there is no need for food banks. I said there is not the need currently being parroted out by the MSM (mainstream media).’ Labour branded Mr Anderson’s remarks ‘beyond belief’, the Liberal Democrats described them as ‘disgraceful’, and the SNP said they were ‘crass’. The Child Poverty Action Group claimed politicians ‘would do better to back real-world solutions, like bringing benefits in line with inflation this autumn”, and the Trussell Trust charity insisted “cooking meals from scratch won’t help families keep the lights on or put food on the table, if they don’t have enough money in their pockets’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.