Timothee Chalamet’s starring role in the off-West End production, 4000 Miles, will no longer see the stage as the play has been axed. The anticipated stage show was set to debut at the Old Vic in May 2020 but was repeatedly postponed due to the Covid pandemic. However, those who had bought tickets received an email on Thursday morning informing them that the theatre production had been cancelled. An Old Vic spoksperson said in a statement shared with Metro.co.uk: ‘Following its postponement due to the pandemic, and despite an enormous amount of effort from all involved, we have now sadly and reluctantly concluded that we are unable to reschedule the show at a time possible for everyone involved. ‘It’s been a long journey to get to this point and despite two years of trying hard to make it work, it has proved impossible. ‘We’re sorry not to have better news, and we want to thank you for your continued patience and understanding.’ It continued: ‘It’s hard to believe that it’s almost two years to the day that we should have been stepping onto The Old Vic stage for the first preview to share our show with an extremely eager audience (4000 Miles was one of the top-selling shows ever to be scheduled at this theatre).’ The rep also noted how the Old Vic ‘lost all its earnt income overnight and had to sustain for almost two years without it’. ‘We are as disappointed as you are that this won’t be happening but The Old Vic has an additional challenge to face on top of the disappointment,’ they said. Ticketholders have been asked to, instead of requesting a refund, donate the value of the ticket to ‘support the Old Vic’s survival’. Sharing their disappointment at not being able to see Timothee on the stage, one fan tweeted: ‘Summer just got less hot.’ Another cried: ‘Not 4000 miles being cancelled permanently … crying party at my house tonight.’ ‘Not 4000 miles being cancelled, i’m crying on the floor at work all i do is lose,’ one other said. ‘4000 miles cancelled is feeling a lot like i‘m never seeing timothée in person again,’ another joined in. Timothee, 26, was set to star in the play, which was to be directed by Matthew Warchus, as a 21-year-old who goes missing while cycling across the US with his best friend. However, he later turns up suddenly at his grandmother’s house in Manhattan after weeks of no communication with his family. 4000 Miles first debuted off-Broadway in 2011 and received a nomination for the 2013 Pulitzer Prize for drama. Fans will hopefully have the chance to see Timothee on-screen soon as he has several big projects on the way, including Wonka and the Dune sequel. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ben Shephard in awe of ‘best friend’ Kate Garraway: ‘She’s been incredibly brave’ MORE : Johnny Depp lookalike ‘was fired as body double’ from Fantastic Beasts along with the Hollywood star amid Amber Heard trial 