Video footage shows parents frantically running towards their children’s school in  Uvalde, Texas, despite a gunman running rampant inside. Salvador Ramos, 18, wore body armour as he gunned down everyone in his path using an AR-15 assault rifle yesterday afternoon. The teen gunman killed at least 19 children and two teachers before being shot dead by police. Children who were killed at Robb Elementary School were aged between seven and 10. A video posted on Snapchat which quickly spread across social media showed panicking parents heading towards the school. A caption with a broken heart emoji reads: ‘Kids are running out of the classrooms’. Yesterday’s attack was the deadliest shooting at a US grade school since a gunman killed 10 children and six adults in 2012 at Sandy Hook Elementary in Newtown, Connecticut. A decade later, the prospects of any reform of US gun regulations look just as distant. Hours after the attack at Robb Elementary, families were still awaiting word on their children. Outside the town civic centre, where families waited, the silence was broken repeatedly by screams and wailing. One man yelled ‘No! Please, no!’ as he embraced another man. ‘My heart is broken today,’ said Hal Harrell, the school district superintendent. ‘We’re a small community, and we’re going to need your prayers to get through this.’ Adolfo Cruz, a 69-year-old air conditioning repairman, was still outside the school as the sun set, seeking word on his 10-year-old great-granddaughter, Eliajha Cruz Torres. He drove to the scene after receiving a terrifying call from his daughter shortly following the first reports of the shooting. He said other relatives were at the hospital and the civic centre and that waiting for an update was the tensest moment of his life. The attack came just 10 days after a deadly, racist rampage at a Buffalo, New York, supermarket that added to a yearslong series of mass killings at churches, schools and stores. President Joe Biden appeared ready for a fight, calling for new gun restrictions in an address to the nation hours after the attack. ‘As a nation we have to ask, when in God’s name are we going to stand up to the gun lobby?’ he said. ‘When in God’s name are we going to do what has to be done? Why are we willing to live with this carnage?’ The attack came as Robb Elementary was counting down to the last days of the school year with a series of themed days. Tuesday was to be ‘Footloose and Fancy,’ with students wearing nice outfits. Before heading to the school, Ramos shot his own grandmother and left her in a critical condition. He then crashed his car near the school and proceeded to fire at ‘children, teachers, whoever was in his way’, officials said. Ramos told a woman on Instagram: ‘I got lil secret I wanna tell you’ just hours before launching his rampage at around 11.30am local time. State Senator Roland Gutierrez said the shooter had ‘suggested the kids should watch out’ on social media. He said that the first thing Ramos did on his 18th birthday was buy two assault weapons. Investigators believe Ramos posted photos on Instagram of two guns he used in the shooting. Two local police officers were shot after exchanging gunfire with the shooter. It is not clear how long it took for authorities to arrive at the scene. One Border Patrol agent who was working nearby when the shooting began rushed into the school without waiting for backup and shot and killed the gunman. The agent suffered minor injuries but able to walk out of the school, a law enforcement official said. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.