A teenager orphaned after the Texas shooting has written a heartbreaking note for her dead parents. Fifteen-year-old Lyliana Garcia’s mother Irma, 48, was one of two teachers shot dead at an elementary school on Tuesday, in the USA’s latest gun massacre. Two days after gunman Salvador Ramos opened fire in Uvalde, killing the teachers and 21 students, Mrs Garcia’s husband of 25 years Jose ‘Joe’ Antonio, 50, died of a heart attack – which his family blamed on grief. That left devastated Lyliana without parents – and now she has written to the late pair expressing her grief. ‘Your names will not be forgotten’, she wrote in the letter, seen by The Daily Mirror. ‘Dad, I know this was too much for you. Your heart could not take it. ‘I will spend the rest of my life fighting for you and mum. Your names will not be forgotten. Your daughter, Lyliana.’ One of the father-of-four’s final acts was laying flowers at a memorial for the victims in a local square. But now his name has been added. Mrs Garcia and fellow slain teacher Eva Mireles, 44, are said to have tried desperately to shield their pupils from Ramos’ killing spree – while reports suggest police failed to confront the attacker at Robb Elementary School for almost an hour. A local mortuary posted an obituary which read: ‘Jose Antonio Garcia joined the love of his life and was also welcomed into the arms of his wife, Irma and our Lord on May 26, 2022. ‘Irma Linda Garcia of Uvalde, Texas, was welcomed by our Lord and Saviour while selflessly protecting her angels on May 24, 2022 in Uvalde, Texas, at the age of 48.’ The horror has reignited fierce debate in the USA – which has comfortably the worst record in the world for mass shooting events – about whether gun control is needed. Ramos had bought a AK15 on his 18th birthday days before the outrage – and starting the spree by shooting his grandmother Celia Gonzalez in the head. Funerals for Mr and Mrs Garcia – who are also survived by children Cristian, 23, Jose, 19, and Alysandra, 13 – are expected to be held on Wednesday, before they are laid to rest at Uvalde Sacred Heart Church. Mrs Garcia’s cousin has organised a fundraiser for the family, which has already raised around $2.7 million (£2.1 million). Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Police stood outside during Texas school shooting because they ‘believed no children were at risk’