Friends of late Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins have said comments they made about the star’s final months were ‘taken out of context’. Hawkins died at the age of 50 in March when the Foo Fighters were on tour in Colombia. His bandmates Dave Grohl, Pat Smear, Nate Mendel, Chris Shiflett and Rami Jaffee have since cancelled the remaining tour dates in order to grieve privately out of the spotlight. However, an article was published this week detailing the final months of Hawkins’ life, featuring quotes from friends such as Pearl Jam’s Matt Cameron and Red Hot Chilli Peppers’ Chad Smith. It was claimed that Hawkins was tired of touring and that the Foo Fighters may have split after the latest concerts. Cameron – who was a close friend of Hawkins and worked with him on the late musician’s project Nighttime Boogie Association – reportedly told Rolling Stone: ‘He had a heart-to-heart with Dave and, yeah, he told me that he “couldn’t f*****g do it anymore” — those were his words.’ A rep for Foo Fighters denied that Hawkins ever raised these issues, telling the publication: ‘No, there was never a “heart-to-heart” — or any sort of meeting on this topic — with Dave and [Silva Artist Management].’ Smith reportedly recalled an incident in December 2021 where Hawkins allegedly lost consciousness on a plane in Chicago. ‘He just said he was exhausted and collapsed, and they had to pump him full of IVs and stuff. He was dehydrated and all kinds of stuff,’ the musician was quoted as saying. However, both musicians have since released statements about the quotes, with Cameron claiming they were ‘taken out of context and shaped into a narrative I had never intended’. He continued: ‘When I agreed to take part in the Rolling Stone article about Taylor, I assumed it would be a celebration of his life and work. My quotes were taken out of context and shaped into a narrative I had never intended. ‘Taylor was a dear friend, and a next-level artist. I miss him. I have only the deepest love and respect for Taylor, Dave and the Foo Fighters families. ‘I am truly sorry to have taken part in this interview and I apologise that my participation may have caused harm to those for whom I have only the deepest respect and admiration.’ Smith said in his own statement: ‘I was asked by Rolling Stone to share some memories of our time together, which I thought was going to be the loving tribute he deserved.’ He added: ‘I apologise to his family and musical friends for any pain this may have caused. I miss Taylor every day.’ Metro.co.uk has reached out to Cameron and Smith’s reps for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Cannon considering vasectomy after fathering eight children as he jokes about ‘populating the earth’ MORE : Peter Andre’s children Junior and Princess support him at Grease after grilling over ‘chipolata’ 