Mohamed Salah has confirmed he will still be a Liverpool player next season, regardless of whether or not he signs a new contract after the Champions League final. The 29-year-old’s contract expires in June 2023 and his future has been the subject of considerable speculation in recent months. Salah is said to be seeking parity with some of Europe’s biggest stars, whose wages at the likes of Real Madrid, Manchester City and Paris Saint-Germain dwarf his own current salary. The former Roma and Chelsea winger has enjoyed another reputation enhancing campaign and, after scoring in Sunday’s 3-1 win over Wolves, shared the Golden Boot with Tottenham’s Son Heung-min. Talks over a new deal are likely to drag on into the summer, but Salah did confirm his intention to remain at Anfield, in the short-term at least, but did not want talk on his future to overshadow preparations ahead of Saturday’s heavyweight clash. Speaking ahead of the showpiece occasion in Paris, Salah said: ‘I am staying next season for sure, that’s clear. ‘I don’t focus on the contract at the moment. It’s about the team. It’s a really important week for us. I want to win the Champions League again. I want to see Hendo with that trophy in his hands again. ‘In my mind, I don’t focus on contract at the moment. I don’t want to be selfish.’ Salah, meanwhile, raised eyebrows last month when he claimed he would be out for revenge against Real after his involvement in the final four years ago was infamously cut short by Sergio Ramos. The Egypt international left the pitch in tears four years ago after suffering a dislocated shoulder following a controversial challenge from Ramos, which also affected Salah’s participation at the World Cup in Russia. ‘I’m very motivated after what happened with Madrid last time,’ said Salah at Wednesday’s media briefing. ‘And, after what happened on Sunday, everyone is motivated to win the Champions League. Everybody is excited for it.’ Liverpool go into the game after the disappointment of narrowly losing out to City in the Premier League title race. Captain Jordan Henderson said: ‘The mood is good to be honest. Training was very good today and I can see the excitement in the lads. ‘We were disappointed with the outcome on Sunday, it was tough to take, but I couldn’t be more proud of the lads for this season.’ MORE : Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson sends warning to Real Madrid ahead of Champions League final MORE : Karim Benzema aims dig at Liverpool fans and sends message to Mohamed Salah For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 