Labour has taken an 11 point lead in the polls folllowing the partygate scandal, a new survey suggests. It comes as increasing numbers of Tory MPs break cover to call for the PM to resign. This morning the former cabinet minister Andrea Leadsom criticised Boris Johnson – but did not clarify whether she has joined those submitting a letter of no confidence in his leadership. The Savanta ComRes poll puts Labour on 42%, up two points from the last poll, and Mr Johnson’s Conservatives down three on 31%. Though just one poll, it is the largest Labour lead recorded by the company since the beginning of February. It would translate to a 24-seat majority for Labour at a General Election, based on current and possible new constituency boundaries, according to polling aggregator Electoral Calculus. Meanwhile, Brexiteer Ms Leadsom’s intervention is being seen as particularly damaging by many observers, despite her not explicitly saying that she has personally written to the 1922 committee. If 54 Tory MPs do, then the PM will face a vote of confidence. Former business secretary and Commons leader Dame Andrea – who came second to Theresa May in a leadership election in 2019 – wrote: ‘There have been unacceptable failings of leadership that cannot be tolerated and are the responsibility of PM. ‘My colleagues and I must now decide on what is right course of action that will restore confidence in our Government.’ She added: ‘I am determined to be clear about my views’ – but failed to say what her view is on whether the PM should stay in office. In the letter to her constituents, Dame Andrea said the ‘extent and severity’ of the rule-breaking in No 10 exposed in the Sue Gray report meant it was ‘extremely unlikely’ the senior leadership did not know what was going on. A committed Brexiteer, she had backed Mr Johnson for the leadership in 2019 after pulling out of the contest herself, underlining the fact that discontent with the Prime Minister extends across the party. Yesterday, three more Tory MPs confirmed they had sent a letter of no confidence, with another heavily implying they had done so – suggesting the secret tally could be close to the threshold. The ComRes polls shows the Liberal Democrats on 11%, up one point, while the Greens are down two points to 3%. The SNP are on 4%, while others, including Reform UK, Plaid Cymru and Northern Irish parties, combine to 8%. The poll of 2,177 UK adults was conducted online over the weekend May 27-29.Commenting on the findings, Chris Hopkins, Political Research Director at Savanta ComRes said: ‘With all of the usual caveats regarding just one poll, and all party-specific changes being well within the margin of error, the fact that some voting intention movement has been shown in the wake of the Sue Gray report is certainly notable. ‘However, with the latest raft of measures announced by the Chancellor to deal with the rising cost of living, it’s likely that, if the Conservative Party can claw back some perception of economic competence, they can turn this polling deficit around, despite a potential vote of confidence on the horizon for the Prime Minister.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Boris’ move to revive imperial measurements branded ‘nonsense’ by Tory MP