Prince William joked about his wife becoming broody when they visited a school where she cuddled a baby, sang along with children and spoke to young pupils. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge toured St John’s Primary School in Inverclyde to learn about an innovative project where children interact with a mother and baby to learn about its development and aid their emotional empathy with others. As the couple began their visit to the school close to the banks of the River Clyde in Port Glasgow, William joked: ‘Can you get my wife out of here before she gets broody?’ By the end she was holding ten-month-old Saul after his session with his mother Laura Molloy. She has been bringing her son to school as part of the Roots of Empathy sessions run by Action for Children, a charity Kate supports as patron. Action For Children, which runs the programme in 18 local authority areas in Scotland, says the sessions, where the pupils are guided in discussions about their own emotions, improves the behaviour of pupils, who are kinder with less instances of bullying. The Cambridges sat cross-legged on the floor and joined a session as Saul crawled on a mat and sang nursery rhymes with the children, and even did the hand actions to Incy Wincy Spider. Kate asked the group of around 35 seven-year-olds ‘Do you think lots of schools should have a project like this?’ and when some replied ‘yes’, she added: ‘We do to.’ The duchess later chatted to the mother and her baby. She briefly held Saul, who will celebrate his first birthday in June, but he quickly stretched out his hands for his mother. William and Kate have three children together: Prince George, 8, Princess Charlotte, 7, and Prince Louis, 4. In February, the duchess prompted speculation a fourth child might be on the cards when she joked that she is feeling ‘broody’ after spending time with Danish babies. The school visit was part of an official two-day trip to Scotland with engagements focusing on mental health. Earlier, the couple met with organisers of The Wheatley Group – a project transforming the lives of vulnerable people and those at risk of homelessness. William and Kate, known as the Earl and Countess of Strathearn in Scotland, spoke with service users who have benefitted from access to employment support to help mitigate the impact of poverty. Their itinerary also included a visit a new-build property in the Kennishead area to  hear about the importance of good-quality, secure housing. They also visited Glasgow University to discuss mental health with staff and students. The engagements will form part of a UK-wide tour for the couple to mark the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, which the nation will mark with a long bank holiday weekend beginning June 2. Senior members of the royal family are expected to take centre stage at key events during the celebrations due to the Queen suffering ‘episodic’ mobility issues. The 96-year-old monarch missed the State Opening of Parliament for the first time in 60 years yesterday. Although she is expected to go to key events, she won’t confirm her attendance until the 11th hour as she battles health problems. Buckingham Palace said in a statement on Monday: ‘The Queen continues to experience episodic mobility problems, and in consultation with her doctors has reluctantly decided that she will not attend the State Opening of Parliament tomorrow. ‘At Her Majesty’s request, and with the agreement of the relevant authorities, The Prince of Wales will read The Queen’s Speech on Her Majesty’s behalf, with The Duke of Cambridge also in attendance.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.