We’d all love to look out onto a glorious garden worthy of a gold medal at RHS Chelsea. But who has the time – or bucket loads of cash – to create something so spectacular in our own outdoor spaces? Well you don’t need deep pockets to produce some pockets of magic in your own yard, says RHS Chelsea designer Richard Miers (Instagram @richardmiers). ‘A Chelsea garden is a sizeable investment, but these plants are great value and will give years of pleasure if you look after them,’ says Richard, who is making his Main Avenue debut at the world’s most famous flower show. Here are Richard’s top 10 hero growers to bring a touch of Chelsea class to your garden. This inexpensive evergreen shrub with bright green foliage produces fragrant small clusters in late spring, and again in autumn. Both flowers and leaves have the divine scent of orange blossom – rich in nectar, they are greatly appreciated by butterflies and bees. Virtually disease-free. Great for wall side borders and hedges as they will grow to about 2.5 metres high. This tree is extremely showy when in bloom with cream bracts in early summer and blossoms in late spring and summer, changing to stunning reds and purples in autumn. The foliage is green and ovate in shape. Cornus kousa is more robust than the other flowering dogwood and is also resistant to the dogwood anthracnose disease. Needs full sun or partial shade and looks great grown in the lawn, in a mixed border or against a wall. The dense thorny habit of this deciduous tree makes it an excellent habitat for nesting or roosting birds. Produces fragrant white flowers in late spring, followed by glossy dark-red fruit. Trained as a hedge, it will reach between 1.5 and 3m in height. Known for attracting bees, beneficial insects, birds and other pollinators and can grow in semi-shade. If you are looking for a holiday feel in your garden, this is the one. Its silvery uniform foliage and bushy habit look great in full sun in Mediterranean-style planting. Good in large heavy containers on balconies and terraces as they don’t need much soil or water as they come from such hot climates and achieve ancient looking bark with maturity. I have one in my garden and it will flower until October with strongly scented fragrance hints of almond blossom, cucumber and lemon zest from its double white flowers. This plant holds the RHS award of garden merit and is great for a mixed border or in a rose border. Also works well in containers and on patios. Makes a stunning combination with whites (verbascum, digitalis) and purples (geranium, salvia). Loves a sunny position but will tolerate some shade. At a cost of about £30, it will also give you six months’ worth of fragrant cut flowers too. Looks stunning and is great for an urban space as it’s hardy and tolerant of pollution – also works well in exposed coastal positions as it can shrug off salty winds. Requires minimal pruning and produces beautiful edible colourful fruits in autumn, which are popular with birds and pollinating insects. I have this in a pot outside my front door and it smells amazing every time I leave the house. The profusion of highly scented white flowers hit mid to late spring. The evergreen foliage is also useful to brighten up darker parts of a garden as it a good one for partial shade. This plant is multi-stemmed and has very interesting bark with lots of character, which adds a sense of sculpture to the garden. This evergreen shrub has marvellous full trusses of funnel-shaped white and shades of purple flowers in late spring. Understandably popular, due to its tolerance of poor soil. It is compact and with its beautiful green leaves is ideal for a boundary, for use as a windbreak or as a screen up to 2.5m high. Needs full sun or partial shade. This show-stopping deciduous tree or large shrub looks amazing in the multi-stemmed variety, which is very sculptural. Also has an attractive flaky bark. This one has good seasonal interest: the leaves are a uniform green but turn yellow, red and purple in autumn and stand out when perhaps much of the garden is asleep! Small crimson flowers appear on bare stems in late winter/early spring that resemble witch hazel, adding another element. Stunning structural plants for topiary and hedging – this evergreen tree also holds the RHS award of garden merit. It has very dark uniform matt foliage and the mature plants achieve a lovely velvety texture when clipped regularly. Great for most aspects and soil types, but does require well- drained soils. If you have a large garden, this can grow over 12m – but it can also be kept small by trimming and shaping. Richard’s The Perennial Garden ‘With Love’ will be exhibiting at RHS Chelsea Flower Show, May 24-28. For tickets visit the RHS website. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Family start unique gardening business where people can hire out goats as lawn mowers MORE : How to create the perfect outdoor sanctuary in your garden