These three ‘feisty’ chihuahuas are looking for a special home where they can all be together, after being rescued by the RSPCA. The charity found six-year-old Chico, five-year-old Daisy, and six-year-old Mitch living in a caravan alongside a large number of chihuahuas in a sorry state. The threesome were taken in by Block Fen Animal Centre in Cambridgeshire, where dedicated staff have spent months building their confidence and socialising them with other dogs and people. Kennels supervisor Tiffany Saunders said: ‘When Chico, Daisy and Mitch arrived they were under-socialised and very scared of people. ‘It’s taken us time to bring them out of their shells but now we’re really getting to know who they are as individuals. ‘They may be small but they’re certainly mighty; and they each have their very own personality, but have one thing in common – their love for each other!’ Staff are hoping to keep the bonded trio together, and despite receiving a lot of interest they haven’t yet found the right match. Tiffany added: ‘They are very feisty and they need owners who can help manage their behaviour. ‘They’re fiercely loyal to their owner and form very strong bonds, but can be bolshy around strangers. ‘It took us some time to build bonds with this little group but, now we have, they’ve shown how loving they are. But we know that any new owners will have to work hard to gain this trust.’ The RSPCA is looking for experienced chihuahua owners with a quiet, adult-only household – ideally with a single person or couple who can commit time and patience to building a relationship with the three pups. Ideally they’d like a home where there are minimal visitors, they’re the only dogs, and they have a space or room of their own to retreat to if they feel frightened. Tiffany added: ‘Daisy is certainly the boss of the group. She is also the most cautious around strangers and will make you work for her love. She absolutely loves long walks and enjoys chasing Mitch around in the paddocks. Once she trusts you, she adores cuddles and is very affectionate. ‘Chico is the most independent of the three; he’s happy doing his own thing and likes to mooch around and go for a good sniff. However, he loves to cuddle up to his pals at bedtime and gets quite stressed if he can’t be with them. ‘Mitch is quite timid but is a real lap dog once he knows you. Initially he had to be carried out on walks but he is slowly learning that walks can be fun! He is a bit of a pig and will try to steal Daisy’s dinner so you’ll need to keep your eyes peeled at meal times. ‘We appreciate that taking on one dog is a big responsibility so taking on three is a huge ask but we really don’t want to separate this trio. We hope there is someone out there who will be the perfect match for Chico, Daisy and Mitch.’ Find out more about Chico, Daisy and Mitch online, or contact the Block Fen team on blockfen-inbox@rspca.org.uk. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Fake tan disaster? How to properly wash off your false tan MORE : This ‘magic’ sleep spray really works – and it’s now on sale