Helen Skelton has made a return to Instagram without her wedding ring, as she posted her first video on her story since splitting from Richie Myler. The Countryfile star, 38, took to her Instagram story to share a video of a partnership to help her followers save money on their energy bills. In it, she held a cup of tea with both hands, with her wedding ring noticeably missing as she spoke. It comes after she revealed that she and Richie, 31, had decided to end their marriage after almost nine years. She wrote on social media last week: ‘Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. ‘He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children.’ Estranged husband Richie had also been spotted without his wedding ring last week as the rugby player was seen with colleagues near the Leeds Rhinos training ground ahead of the club’s home game against Hull Kingston Rovers, with his the ring noticeably missing from his left hand. He is said to have moved on to a new relationship with Stephanie Thirkill, the daughter of Leeds Rhinos’ president Andrew Thirkill. A source told the Mail Online: ‘Helen is absolutely devastated. Now she is contemplating life without him while he has moved on with his new partner. ‘Richie is insisting there was no crossover, that he began the romance with Stephanie after their marriage collapsed, but Helen feels let down. They are still married, and their baby is literally four months old.’ The former couple had been married since 2013 and share three children, Ernie, six, Louis, five, and four-month-old Elsie. Sources had claimed that despite the split being a shock, thing appear to be over for good for the couple. They told OK: ‘It’s so sad, but friends don’t think there is a way back for them. She’s really sad about it. Friends are really worried for her, but there is no way back sadly.’ The insider also claimed that Helen had been ‘struggling recently’ as a mum to three young children. The former Blue Peter presenter had previously opened up about how lonely she had felt moving to France in 2015 for former professional rugby player Richie’s career. She told You magazine in 2018: ‘I didn’t speak the language and I felt so isolated that I used to go into the local tourist office just to talk to someone who could speak English. ‘The loneliness was crushing even though the French wives and girlfriends would invite me on their nights out, which was kind.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Helen Skelton’s husband Richie Myler returns to Instagram days after she announces marriage split MORE : Countryfile’s Helen Skelton sees ‘no way back’ after confirming split from husband Richie Myler 