On average, UK homes currently have 4.2 broken household items sitting somewhere in a cupboard, according to new research by superglue brand Loctite. That’s 116 million broken items across the UK alone. The most common items to break are drinking glasses (38%), mugs (34%) and plates (28%), but handles (12%) and furniture (11%) are still pretty big culprits. Perhaps unsurprisingly, more than a third of households (38%) said their broken goods are destined for the bin, meaning over 43 million items nationwide will end up in landfill. But not only is this expensive (who wants to keep forking out for brand new goods?), it’s bad for the environment, too. According to the research, 1.4 billion kilograms of CO2 would also be saved every year if households decided to upcycle their items instead of throwing them out. To put that into perspective, that figure equates to 127,272 round-trip flights between London and San Francisco. ‘You don’t need to spend a lot to create amazing bespoke pieces for your home,’ Jay Blades, of BBC’s The Repair Shop, tells Metro.co.uk. So why not mend your broken items instead? Super glue will be your best friend when it comes to quick and easy upcycling, and frames are one of the easiest items to fix. ‘You can easily fix broken picture frames and mirrors instead of replacing or buying new,’ says Jay. ‘Simply glue it, sand it and re-paint it – job done.’ Plus, when it comes to gallery walls, it pays to have a variation of colours, shapes and sizes, so you don’t need to worry about perfection. Jars are a great item to keep instead of chucking them away. Instead of letting them build up in your cupboard, why not turn them into plant pots? ‘Using an old glass candle, pour boiling water into the candle jar to remove the leftover wax and wick,’ says Jay. ‘Once removed, take three large beads (wood or glass would work well) or pieces of wood cut to size, and super glue to the base to make an on-trend plant stand. ‘You’ll have an Instagram-worthy plant pot made in minutes – and all from recycled items that would have otherwise been thrown away.’ If you’ve got any old, scratched vinyl records lying around, you can use them to make a very cool vintage-style side-table. ‘Take an old 12-inch record and a cheap circular wire frame plant stand and glue the pieces together,’ says Jay. ‘Use an all-purpose glue to apply an even line of adhesive around the top of the plant stand and fix the record to it. ‘Once completely dry, you can add a vase, a plant or a book to your table.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Woman builds adorable DIY outdoor libraries featuring books by people of colour MORE : Woman gives bedroom a complete DIY makeover for just £250 MORE : Your step-by-step DIY guide to tiling walls