A senior Putin ally has threatened a nuclear attack that could wipe out Britain in less than four minutes. Aleksey Zhuravlyov, the deputy chairman of the Kremlin’s defence committee, also claimed Finland could be destroyed in 10 seconds with the Satan-2 hypersonic  missile and that Russia could crush the Baltic states ‘like peanuts’. The weapon of mass destruction was test-launched by Russia last month, when Putin said it was not like ‘anything in the world’ and would make countries think twice about interfering with his bloody war on Ukraine. Since then, state TV has repeatedly threatened use it against Britain, with one channel simulating how the attack would work and another claiming it would plunge the UK ‘into the sea’. The latest threats came as senior Russian officials appear frustrated at Vladimir Putin’s lack of military progress in Ukraine, and enraged at the show of Western unity against them. In a huge blow to Putin, Finland this week announced it would be applying to join Nato – ending decades of military neutrality. Zhuravlyov said in an interview: ‘If Finland wants to join this bloc, then our goal is absolutely legitimate – to question the existence of this state. This is logical. ‘If the United States threatens our state, it’s good: here is the Sarmat for you, and there will be nuclear ashes from you if you think that Russia should not exist. ‘And Finland says that it is at one with the USA. Well, get in line. ‘The Finns in general should be grateful to Russia for their statehood, for the fact that Finland exists as a country.’ Asked if Russia would now rebase nuclear weapons onto its 810-mile border with Finland, he said: ‘What for? We don’t need to. ‘We can hit with a Sarmat from Siberia, and even reach the UK. ‘And if we strike from Kaliningrad… the hypersonic’s reaching time is 200 seconds – so go ahead, guys. ‘On the Finnish border we will have not strategic weapons, but Kinzhal-class, one that will reach Finland in 20 seconds, or even 10 seconds.’ He said Russia would massively strengthen its military forces on its western flank, claiming Finland is being provoked into joining Nato by the US and Britain. Reflecting a view among hardliners around Putin he added: ‘The United States will do everything possible to make World War III happen. ‘Just not on their territory.’ He said Russia could ‘certainly’ strike first with nuclear weapons if the existence of Russia was threatened – suggesting that was already happening. Finland and Sweden were now ‘joining an alliance that wants to destroy Russia. Therefore, we want to destroy them in response’, he said. Asked about Baltic countries Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, he said Russia would crush them when necessary. ‘We are definitely not afraid of these peanuts,’ he said. ‘They are as nasty as stink bugs. But they will need to be crushed when necessary. Now the bug is small and smelly.’ Russia’s new ‘big beast’ hypersonic Sarmat is a 208-ton 15,880mph intercontinental ballistic missile. Putin has said the weapon is ‘unstoppable’ by the West with ‘no analogues…in the world for a long time to come’. Recently warmonger TV anchor Dmitry Kiselyov, 68, told his Russian TV audience that Britain should be flooded twice with Putin’s most advanced nuclear weapons. He proposed the use of Satan-2 to wipe England from the map. Next, Russia should ‘plunge Britain into the depths of the sea’ with its ‘underwater robotic drone Poseidon’ causing a 1,640ft tsunami. Moscow blames Britain for acting as a Western coordinator and cheerleader of the tough Nato response to Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. However, analysts believe the likelihood of Russia actually deploying nuclear missiles is extremely low. Gideon Rose, the former editor of Foreign Affairs magazine, said of the issue:  ‘Since 1945, every leader of a nuclear power … has rejected the use of nuclear weapons in battle for excellent reasons. ‘Putin will be no exception, acting not from a soft heart but a hard head. He knows that extraordinary retaliation and universal opprobrium would follow, with no remotely comparable strategic upsides to justify them.’ Many believe the threats are a tactic to scare off the west from interfering as the invasion falters. Today, Russian troops began withdrawing from Ukraine’s second city Kharkiv, with analysts declaring Ukraine had won the battle. Meanwhile, a whole battalion of the Russian army was wiped out trying to cross a  river in Ukraine. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 