An unrepentant Tory MP has doubled down on his claim that people forced to rely on food banks don’t know how to cook or budget. Lee Anderson was branded ‘out of touch’ for his remarks in the Commons yesterday, with critics saying he was wrong to shame the poor. The MP for Ashfield claimed there was not ‘massive use for foodbanks’ in Britain and said people can easily cook a meal from scratch for 30p. He’s had lots stick for his comments, but Anderson, a former Labour councillor who switched to the Conservative Party before becoming an MP, is standing by them. Anderson told TimesRadio: ‘There are generations of people there who simply haven’t got the skills to budget properly and go shopping and do a proper weekly shop, like we did back in the day. ‘The point I was making was that there are a lot of people out there that with the right help, and the right support, and the right education, they would be able to fend for themselves.’ Denying that he is a ‘nasty Tory’, Anderson added: ‘I’m glad that it’s caused all this fuss. Because it brings that debate out.’ He said he was ‘talking common sense’ and said the left and the mainstream media would ‘obviously jump’ on his comments. The MP added: ‘I’ll stick to my point … There is a massive problem in this country where people simply cannot cook.’ Some questioned whether someone who claimed nearly £220,000 in expenses within one year should be lecturing poverty stricken people about budgeting. From 2020 to 2021, Anderson claimed £4,100 on travel and ‘subsistence’, according to the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority). His biggest costs were £165,215.27 for staffing, £33,144.30 for office costs and £17,650.60 for accommodation. The MP, who earns an annual salary of £84,144, also claimed £67.57 for hospitality. The £219,703.44 he claimed in total for the year was slightly higher than the average of £203,000 claimed by his fellow MPs. When asked about his comments, Boris Johnson’s spokesman said: ‘We recognise the challenging circumstances people are facing across the country. ‘That’s why we’re taking significant action to help people… and we stand ready to do more.’ When asked if he agreed people could eat properly on 30p, he said: ‘I think there are a number of people up and down the country facing significant challenges and difficult choices and that’s not something we want to see.’ Distancing herself from her Tory colleague’s remarks, prisons minister Victoria Atkins said it was ‘not the view of me or anyone else in Government’. ‘I’ve spent my ministerial career working with very vulnerable people … cooking lessons will not be the complete solution to that,’ she added. Head of policy at the Trussell Trust food bank network, Sumi Rabindrakumar, told the Independent: ‘Food bank need in the UK is about lack of income, not food.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.