A Labour MP says he was ‘regularly touched up’ by senior MPs when he was first elected, as a storm brews in Westminster over an alleged culture of misogyny and bullying. Chris Bryant, who chairs the standards committee, claims at least four unnamed male gay MPs, who kept their sexual orientations private, targeted him in the early 2000s. But he never officially complained about the incidents as he didn’t want to ‘become the story’. Speaking to LBC, the British politician said: ‘I remember when I came in, in 2001, I was regularly touched up by older, senior gay – they weren’t out – MPs. ‘I never felt I was able to report it because you end up being part of the story, that’s the last thing you want. I think a lot of women have been through that.’ He added: ‘I can think of four MPs… I was shocked at the time… none of them are out of course. I think that now if anybody would do that I would be absolutely robust. I would call the person out immediately and I would make a complaint.’ A total of 56 MPs are facing allegations of sexual misconduct – including three members of Boris Johnson’s Cabinet, it was reported on Monday. Mr Bryant’s disclosure comes after the Conservative Party’s Neil Parish was forced to resign after admitting he watched porn in the House of Commons. He said he was ‘not proud’ of what he did, naming it a ‘moment of madness’ and himself ‘a f***ing idiot’. In an interview with BBC South-West, he said: ‘The situation was that – funnily enough it was tractors I was looking at. ‘I did get into another website that had a very similar name and I watched it for a bit which I shouldn’t have done. But my crime – biggest crime – is that on another occasion I went in a second time.’ Asked if that was deliberate, he replied: ‘That was deliberate… that was sitting waiting to vote on the side of the chamber.’ However, he denied watching the material in a way where he hoped other people would see it after a horrified female MP who had been sitting next to him reported the incident. The latest scandal came after Deputy Labour Leader Angela Rayner was accused by an unnamed Conservative MP of crossing and uncrossing her legs in an effort to distract Boris Johnson during PMQs. Trade secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan also alleged she was pinned against a wall by a former MP with ‘wandering hands’ ‘many years ago’. She said he declared she ‘must want him because he was a powerful man’, before going on to allege she had also dealt with ‘wandering hands’ from around half a dozen other male MPs. ‘It is not okay. It’s not okay in any workplace, it’s not okay in any kind of social environment for men to abuse their position, their power, their strength. It is not okay and we must always call it out’, she said. Caroline Nokes, another Conservative MP, has claimed her party was institutionally sexist after alleging she had been touched and bullied by male colleagues. But business secretary Kwasi Kwarteng put the situation down to ‘a few bad apples’ in an interview this morning. ‘There are a few but it’s very easy to brand the whole institution as institutionally sexist, I don’t think that’s true’, he said. Meanwhile, Labour MP Liam Byrne was this week suspended from the House of Commons for two days after bullying a former assistant. He abused his position of power and ostracized David Barker by ceasing personal contact with him for several months, a disciplinary panel found. The politician also denied him access to his Parliamentary IT account in what was described to be a ‘significant misuse of power’ by Parliamentary Standards Commissioner Kathryn Stone. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.