A 14-year-old boy has been found guilty of the murder of 12-year-old Ava White. The schoolgirl was fatally stabbed in Liverpool’s city centre on November 25 last year. The 14-year-old, who cannot be named for legal reasons, previously claimed he accidentally stabbed the schoolgirl in the neck in self-defence. In court today, more than 20 members of Ava’s family were nervously sat in the public gallery. They erupted into cheers as the jury returned a verdict of guilty to the charge of murder. Meanwhile the defendant, on videolink, put his head in his hands.During the trial, which lasted just over two weeks, the court heard Ava and her friends became involved in an argument with the defendant and three of his friends after the boys recorded Snapchat videos of the group. The girls had been attending a Christmas light switch-on before the incident took place. The defendant told the jury: ‘I promise, I didn’t mean to hit her.’ Earlier in the evening, he said he heard one of the group threaten to stab his friend if he did not delete a video of Ava. During the trial, the boy’s barrister Nick Johnson claimed ‘Ava wanted a confrontation’. But prosecutor Charlotte Newell QC told the court: ‘Ava in particular was appalled and angry that they were filming her, and was quite insistent that they delete the footage. ‘[She did not] inflict any violence upon him greater than a push, nor did she produce or have any weapon.’ After the argument, the teenage boy then struck Ava in the neck with a knife. He ran away, discarded his weapon and took off his coat, which was later found in a wheelie bin. The court was told Ava’s last words to her friends as she lay dying on the ground were ‘don’t leave me’. The 14-year-old boy was later captured on CCTV buying butter in a shop, which he said was for crumpets. When he was arrested, just after 10.30pm, he told police he had not been in the city centre. In later interviews, he blamed a different boy for Ava’s death. The boy will be sentenced at a later date. Ava’s father, Robert Martin, paid tribute to his daughter and said her family had been left ‘completely devastated and heartbroken’. In December, hundreds gathered for Ava’s funeral service at the Liverpool Metropolitan Cathedral. Imagine by John Lennon was performed by Astrid Smith as hundreds held up glowsticks and phones to light up the city centre in her memory. Her death led to calls for ‘no more knives in our city’ as Liverpool authorities were urged to do more to tackle violent crime. At Ava’s vigil, hundreds of balloons, some in the shape of the letter A, were released. Liverpool’s Radio City tower was lit up blue in memory of the schoolgirl. Previously, Ava’s school, Notre Dame Catholic College in Everton, released a touching statement about the Year 8 girl. Headteacher Peter Duffy said: ‘Ava was a much loved, valued and unique member of the Notre Dame family. She was an incredibly popular girl with a fantastic group of friends. ‘Our deepest thoughts and prayers go out to Ava’s family and friends and all those affected by this utterly tragic event. ‘My staff are working with students to provide all the support they need at this traumatic time.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.