Boris Johnson has said he takes ‘full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch’ following the publication of Sue Gray’s bombshell report into the Downing Street party scandal. The prime minister also said he’s been ‘humbled and learned a lesson’ from the long-awaited inquiry. However, opposition MPs accused him of failing to show remorse for turning Downing Street into a ‘cesspit, full of arrogant, entitled narcissists’ as they repeated calls for him to resign. The explosive document gave details of gatherings at which officials drank so much they were sick, sang karaoke, became involved in altercations and abused security and cleaning staff at a time when millions of people across the country were unable to see friends and family. It also included nine new photos shaming the prime minister and his cronies partying while thousands of people lay dying in hospital with coronavirus. The report said the ‘senior leadership’ in No 10 must ‘bear responsibility’ for the culture which led to lockdown rules being repeatedly broken at a series of events in 2020 and 2021. The PM sought to play down his personal involvement in the gatherings but acknowledged that they took place ‘on my watch’. He repeated an apology for attending a party on his 56th birthday in the cabinet office in June 2020, which was he fined by the Met Police over – making him the first sitting prime minister ever found to have broken the law. He said that on another occasion, when he was pictured raising a glass for a leaving do on November 13 2020, he wanted to ‘show good leadership’ by thanking his departing staff. He told the Commons: ‘I want to begin today by renewing my apology to the House, to the whole country, for the short lunchtime gathering on June 19, 2020 in the Cabinet Room, during which I stood at my place at the Cabinet table and for which I received a fixed penalty notice. ‘I also want to say above all that I take full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch. Sue Gray’s report has emphasised that it is up to the political leadership in Number 10 to take ultimate responsibility and, of course, I do.’ However, the prime minister went out of his way to emphasise that he did not knowingly mislead the House of Commons when he said last year that rules were followed at all times in Downing Street. He insisted he had ‘no knowledge’ of ‘work events’ which spiralled into boozy all night parties. The events detailed in the report include a karaoke leaving do on 18 June 2020, when one person was ‘sick’ and there was a ‘minor altercation between two other individuals’. The report also revealed that the e-mail inviting people to the now infamous May, 2020 ‘bring your own booze’ garden party at Downing Street went out to 200 staff rather than the 100 previously reported. Ms Gray said ‘many will be dismayed that behaviour of this kind took place on this scale at the heart of government’. Multiple examples of ‘unacceptable’ treatment of security and cleaning staff were also found during the partygate investigation. The inquiry’s findings include: Mr Johnson said: ‘I’m happy to set on the record now that when I came to this House and said, in all sincerity, that the rules and guidance had been followed at all times, it was what I believed to be true. ‘It was certainly the case that when I was present at gatherings to wish staff a farewell, and the House will note that my attendance at these moments – brief as it was – has not been found to be outside the rules. ‘But clearly this was not the case for some of those gatherings after I had left and at other gatherings when I was not even in the building. ‘So I would like to correct the record, to take this opportunity, not in any sense to absolve myself of responsibility – which I take and have always taken – but simply to explain why I spoke as I did in this House.’ However, the prime minister’s statement was savaged by opposition MPs. SNP leader Ian Blackford reminded the PM of the now infamous government advert featuring a desperately ill Covid patient which said: ‘Look her in the eyes and tell her you never bend the rules.’ Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer said the Sue Gray report ‘laid bare the rot’ in No 10 and called on Tory MPs to tell Boris Johnson ‘the game is up’ and that it is ‘time to pack his bags’. Labour’s Chris Byrant tore into the prime minister’s leadership, saying that under him, Downing Street has become ‘a cesspit, full of arrogant, entitled narcissists’. Ms Gray was previously prevented from publishing her report due to an ongoing Metropolitan Police investigation, which ended last week with 126 fines issued in total  – making Downing Street the most fined place in Britain. The civil servant’s report concluded: ‘The gatherings within the scope of this investigation are spread over a 20-month period – a period that has been unique in recent times in terms of the complexity and breadth of the demands on public servants and indeed the general public. ‘The whole of the country rose to the challenge. Ministers, special advisers and the Civil Service, of which I am proud to be a part, were a key and dedicated part of that national effort. ‘However, as I have noted, a number of these gatherings should not have been allowed to take place or to develop in the way that they did. ‘There is significant learning to be drawn from these events which must be addressed immediately across Government.  This does not need to wait for the police investigations to be concluded.’ However, questions are being raised as to why she didn’t investigate allegations of an ‘ABBA party’ said to be held in the prime minister’s flat at No 11 on November 13, when the nation was under its second lockdown. Scotland Yard is also being asked to explain why it didn’t fine the prime minister for attending a leaving do for former comms director Lee Cain on November 13 2020, when others who attended were. However, the PM stressed today that he wanted to move on from the scandal – saying he had already made changes in government. He said: ‘I want to conclude by saying that I, I am humbled and I have learned a lesson and I want to conclude by saying that whatever the failings – of Number 10 and the Cabinet Office throughout this very difficult period, for which I take full responsibility. ‘I continue to believe that the civil and advisers in question, hundreds of them, thousands of them, some of whom are the very people who’ve received fines, are good, hard working people, motivated by the highest calling to do the very best for our country and I will always be proud of what they achieved, including procuring essential life saving PPE, creating the biggest testing programme in Europe and helping to enable the development and distribution of the vaccine which got this country through the worst pandemic of a century.’ The prime minister will address the public at a press conference on Wednesday afternoon and then faces the Tory MPs who will ultimately decide his fate at a private meeting in Parliament.  Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.      