Russia has successfully carried out a test-fire of a hypersonic Zircon cruise missile, the defence ministry has said. Dramatic footage of the test, which took place today, shows the weapon being blasted into the air from the Admiral Gorshkov frigate in the Barents Sea. The missile, which is capable of travelling at speeds of 6,670 mph reportedly struck its intended target in the White Sea some 625 miles away. In a statement, the Russian defence ministry said: ‘According to objective control data, the Zircon hypersonic cruise missile successfully hit a sea target located at a distance of about 1,000 km. ‘The flight of the hypersonic missile corresponded to the specified parameters.’ Vladimir Putin has poured money into developing new missiles which he claims are ‘unstoppable’. The president has claimed the Zircon forms part of a new generation of unrivalled arms systems. Russia has conducted several tests of the hypersonic missiles, which can travel nine times the speed of sound, from warships and submarines over the past year. In January, Alexey Kryvoruchko, Russia’s deputy defence minister said: ‘The state tests of the Zircon sea-based hypersonic cruise missile are nearing completion. ‘From 2022, serial deliveries will begin.’ The missile is expected to be deployed to warships first followed by submarines. MORE : The terrifying weapons of mass destruction Russia’s military is developing right now Last month Russia test-launched a new nuclear-capable intercontinental missile, the Sarmat, capable of carrying 10 or more warheads and striking the United States. Russia’s military has suffered heavy losses of men and equipment during its three-month invasion of Ukraine, which it calls a ‘special operation’. Despite the invasion not going to plan for the Kremlin and troops having to withdraw in the face of the strong Ukrainian defence the nation has continued to stage high-profile weapons tests. The tests are seen as a bit to remind the world of Russia’s prowess in missile technology. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.