A woman has been found guilty of murdering a baby boy she was hoping to adopt. Leiland-James Corkill, who was taken into care at birth, died from catastrophic head injuries five months after being approved to live with Laura Castle, 38, and her husband Scott Castle, 35, by authorities in Cumbria. Laura was found guilty of the one-year-old’s murder today. A jury previously heard how she called the baby ‘a s*** bag’ and admitted to ‘absolutely leathering him’. Laura told emergency services the unresponsive little boy had injured himself after falling from a sofa at her home in Barrow-in-Furness on January 6, 2021, Preston Crown Court heard. But medics began to question this when he was handed over to Liverpool’s Alder Hey Children’s in cardiac arrest with a bleed on his brain. When Leiland-James died the following day, Castle maintained to police, as well as family and friends, that the death was a tragic accident while her husband was asleep. She stuck to her story until the day the jury was sworn in last month for her trial at Preston Crown Court, when she pleaded guilty to manslaughter. Her new version of events was that she had shaken Leiland-James after he had not stopped crying at breakfast and his head hit the arm-rest of the sofa before he fell off her knee on to the floor. But medical experts told the court that the degree of force required to cause Leiland-James’ injuries would have been ‘severe’ and likely to be a combination of shaking and an impact with a solid surface. Prosecutor Michael Brady QC said it was the Crown’s case she killed the boy as she lost her temper and suggested she smashed the back of his head against a piece of furniture. Former care worker Laura Castle denied intending to kill Leiland-James or seriously harm him but jurors took just two-and-half hours on Tuesday to convict her of murder. She was also convicted of child cruelty against Leiland-James. Scott Castle, a machinist at defence firm BAE Systems, was found not guilty of allowing Leiland-James’ death. He was also cleared of child cruelty. He said he never had any concerns that anything bad was going to happen with the boy and he trusted his wife. The Castles had been selected by an adoption panel following an application process overseen by Cumbria Children’s Services Department, the court heard. In November 2020 concerns were raised that Laura Castle had said during a home visit she did not love Leiland-James and was struggling to bond with him. The following month, the Castles were told by a senior social worker she would not support any application to formally adopt Leiland-James at that stage and recommended further therapeutic parenting sessions. The possibility of removing Leiland-James from their care was canvassed, but Laura Castle said her extended family loved him so he was ‘not going anywhere’. Concerns remained about the lack of emotional bond, the court heard, and a review by social services was set to take place in the new year. When detectives examined the mobile phones of the defendants following their arrest, they found text messages which were derogatory towards Leiland-James. Laura Castle wrote the youngster was a ‘proper n*b head’, ‘sh*t bag’ and ‘top tw*t’, while her husband said he was a ‘d*ck baby’, ‘fat sh*t’ and ‘toss bag’. Laura said the texts reflected her ‘sense of humour’ and should not be taken literally, while Scott said he was now ‘ashamed’ at sending the messages but he did not mean malice and was trying to sympathise with his wife. She messaged on several occasions she had ‘leathered’ Leiland-James, although she told the jury that only meant smacking. In one exchange in September 2020 she wrote: ‘I’m seriously at my wits end, no one tells you about all this sh*t. I’m just an abusive parent so it seems.’ Scott Castle responded: “Your not an abusive parent, baby. Not at all. Don’t say that. I think he’s a little too f***ed up for us to handle. ‘Let’s just call it quits. I don’t want you to have a mental break down. Your more important to me than him.’ This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 