Police community support officer Julia James and her husband Paul were so in love they ‘still felt like they were on honeymoon’. In a moving interview after Callum Wheeler, 22, was found guilty of Mrs James’ murder, Paul James described how his heart would still flutter everytime he saw his wife. ‘My heart would flutter every time I’d see her and I would tell her that every day, every morning, every night, and we used to call each other three or four times,’ he said. ‘We were on honeymoon every day, every day it was still a honeymoon.’ The couple had planned to travel, and had spent their honeymoon in Mauritius, which Mr James said was ‘just mind-blowing for her’, and for him, the memory of seeing his wife’s joy during the trip would ‘last me the rest of my days’. ‘I feel it all the time even now, her presence with me,’ Mr James added. Wearing his wife’s engagement and wedding rings on a chain around his neck, Mr James said he was ‘still extremely heartbroken’ at her death. ‘My heart literally broke in half, and I’ve been trying to fix it every day,’ he said. Speaking to reporters after the jury returned its guilty verdict, Mr James said he couldn’t articulate just ‘how much’ he loved Julia. ‘I can’t explain how much I love her. You have to feel that. You can’t tell that in words,’ he said. Describing his wife as ‘just amazing’ Mr James added: ‘She was massive, yet she stood so small, but she was massive.’ Mr James said he was ‘lost for words’. ‘I just hurt so much,’ he said. Mrs James was beaten to death in woodland near her home on April 27 last year while walking her dog. In February 2021, Mr and Mrs James were out on a walk when they saw Wheeler, who Mrs James had previously described as ‘a really weird dude’. Mr James said: ‘I went to him and spoke to him, and I asked him “everything alright?” ‘He was so odd and he wouldn’t engage me. So I stood my ground and he walked around me.’ After the encounter, the couple avoided the route for a couple of months, but then Mrs James felt safe again, and Mr James bought her a smartwatch to wear while she was out. Mr James believes Wheeler would have gone on to kill again had he remained free. He said: ‘For a lot of other people that would have got worse had Julia not died. ‘What that guy was intending to do in my opinion, he was going to hurt many, many women, do lots of bad things.’ During the course of Wheeler’s trial, Mrs James’ family sat through graphic evidence about the extent of her injuries, including body worn video footage of her body when it was found. Patrick Davis, 24, Mr James’ stepson, said he had been ‘amazing’ throughout the trial and Mr James had ‘kept really strong’. Mr Davis said he was worried about his stepdad because of how much he loved his mum and how happy they had made each other. Mrs James’s daughter Bethan Coles, 33, said: ‘He made my mum really, really happy. ‘The years that they have spent together have been the happiest I’ve ever seen my mum.’ Ms Coles said they are keen to keep talking about their mum. ‘As a family, we want to get together with friends and think about not how mum’s life ended but actually how she was as a person,’ Ms Coles said. Mr Davis said they will remember the ‘amazing life’ his mum had and ‘not how it was ended by that monster’. He said they have ‘always been a really close family’, while Ms Coles added: ‘We had a good life. Mum made sure of it really.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  