Cardi B wailed as she watched a yacht sink before her very eyes while on holiday over the weekend. The 29-year-old WAP rapper filmed the troubled boat as it plunged deeper and deeper into the water, while hilariously commentating on the scenes at hand. ‘What the f*ck? Oh my, it’s sinking! Ya’ll see this?’ Cardi was heard yelling with her voice getting more flustered. ‘Oh my God, they can’t do nothing? There ain’t no big boat that could save it?’ she continued. Seconds later, Cardi was heard adding: ‘It’s gone… it’s gone.’ It was at this point that she then started yelling: ‘Bye-bye. Bye!’ Cardi shared footage of the yacht sinking on her social media, tweeting the video with the caption: ‘I can’t believe I’m actually watching a yacht sink.’ Many fans were in hysterics over Cardi’s commentary, with one writing: ‘This narration will be used on the internet for the next month. 😂 Oligarch yachts. Stock chart animations. Folks talking about crypto. It’s gonna be a hoot.’ ‘Cardi B’s commentary is giving me life 🤣🤣🤣🤣 please let cardi comment on all events from now on x,’ another added. While some voiced concerns over the emergency, Cardi reassured her followers that nobody was on board the sinking vessel. Cardi’s boat horror comes just days after it was revealed that she will star as a Baby Shark character in a new episode of Nickelodeon’s animated preschool series Baby Shark’s Big Show. The Grammy-award winner will be transformed into rap icon Sharki B in The Seaweed Sway episode premiering on Monday, May 30. The episode also features guest appearances by Cardi B’s family, with husband Offset as Offshark, and their daughter three-year-old daughter Kulture as Kulture Shark. The programme’s lead characters, Baby Shark and William, will meet the purple Sharki B, who dons gold hoops and a pearl tiara, and is described as ‘seven seas-flashy, awe-inspiring and ruthlessly fun – but always 100% herself and fin-spires other fishies to do the same.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 