A top city law firm is giving staff the option of working from home on a permanent basis – but only if they take a 20% pay cut. Stephenson Harwood is offering lawyers and other employees the chance to work remotely full-time if they accept the wage reduction. All of the company’s staff at its London headquarters and most of its international offices are covered, but not partners, as it extends arrangements originally offered to new starters during the pandemic. The arrangement at the practice, one of the oldest law firms in London, comes as businesses and government departments try to adapt their day-to-day working arrangements as the country emerges from the pandemic. A hybrid system, where staff divide time between their homes and the office, is said to be working well for the company, which has more than 1,100 staff across the UK and eight offices across Asia, Europe and the Middle East. The model it adopts is significant as it is one of the 50 highest-earning legal firms in the country. Only a few staff members are expected to take up the full-time remote working offer, which is unlikely to be extended to juniors so they can progress around team members in an office environment. Employees at all of the offices already have the option to work remotely for up to two days a week, depending on the requirements of their role. A spokesman for the firm told Metro.co.uk: ‘For the vast majority of our people and the candidates we speak to our hybrid working policy works well.’ A senior associate solicitor with several years’ experience could work from home full time, even if they live in London. However the spokesman said the new arrangements are being worked out on an individual basis. He added: ‘For resourcing reasons during the pandemic, we recruited lawyers who weren’t based in London, but lived elsewhere in the UK. ‘The packages we offered were different from what we offer our people in London. They’re fully remote and are not expected to regularly attend the office. If they are needed in the office, we cover their travel and accommodation expenses. ‘Recently we’ve opened the option to existing members of staff, so anyone interested in taking advantage of the additional flexibility offered by the package can have a conversation about whether it can work for their role.’ Other firms are trying to tempt workers back into the office with inducements such as free cakes, lunches and cinema evenings. In Westminster, Jacob Rees-Mogg is heading government efforts to increase the number of civil servants returning to the office. The minister hinted yesterday that staff could see their London weighting scrapped if they are not present in person for most of the week. Metro.co.uk is running a mini-series called Where I Work, taking you inside people’s home offices and makeshift working spaces. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.