Liz Truss has revealed she wants to send weapons to Ukraine’s neighbour Moldova to defend against a potential strike from Russia. The Foreign Secretary wants the country to be ‘equipped to Nato standard’ and is discussing the prospect with allies. Truss said she wants ensure Ukraine is ‘permanently able to defend itself’, and this also applies to other ‘vulnerable states’ such as Moldova, which is not in Nato. She said this is important, given Vladimir Putin has been ‘clear about his ambitions to create a greater Russia’. ‘What we’re working on at the moment is a joint commission with Ukraine and Poland on upgrading Ukrainian defences to Nato standard,’ Truss told the Telegraph. ‘So we will scope out what that looks like, what the Ukrainians need. The question then is how do you maintain that over time? ‘How do we ensure that there is deterrence by denial, that Ukraine is permanently able to defend itself and how do we guarantee that happens? That’s what we are working on at the moment. ‘And that also applies to other vulnerable states such as Moldova. Because again, the threat is broader from Russia, we also need to make sure that they are equipped to Nato standards.’ Pressed on whether she wants to see Western weaponry and intelligence provided to Moldova, Ms Truss said: ‘I would want to see Moldova equipped to Nato standard. This is a discussion we’re having with our allies.’ She said that just because Putin’s attempts to take Kyiv weren’t successful, it doesn’t mean he’s abandoned his ambitions of seizing territory in Eastern Europe. An aide told the Telegraph that ‘Nato standard’ would involve members of the alliance supplying modern equipment to replace Soviet era gear. Moldovan troops would also be provided training on how to use the new weaponry. It comes as the Prime Minister spoke to Turkey’s president Recep Tayyip Erdogan about the global response to the conflict in Ukraine. Boris Johnson emphasised that Finland and Sweden would be valuable additions to the Nato, No 10 said. Mr Erdogan said he opposed their accession to the military alliance – accusing the pair of not taking a ‘clear stance’ against groups his country perceives to be terrorists. A Downing Street spokesperson said Johnson encouraged Turkey’s president to work with Swedish, Finnish and Nato counterparts to address any concerns ahead of the alliance’s summit in Madrid in June. The leaders shared their ‘deep concern’ at ongoing Russian aggression against Ukraine and its ‘far-reaching consequences for the security and stability of the Euro-Atlantic region and wider world’, No 10 said. The spokesperson added: ‘The Prime Minister welcomed Turkey’s leading role in addressing the crisis, and they agreed to work together to unlock vital supply routes for Ukrainian grain stocks and alleviate rising global food prices. ‘The Prime Minister and President Erdogan looked forward to meeting in person at the earliest opportunity.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.