A pensioner died after scan results showing he had a life-threatening blood clot were left on a desk for six days, an inquest heard. Trevor Reynolds, a retired HGV driver from north Wales, died on May 15 last year. The 79-year-old had a scan at the hospital on May 3 – a Bank Holiday Monday – to check the progression of his cancer of the oesophagus. It revealed incidentally that he had a blood clot which required urgent care – and a radiologist said it needed to be brought to the attention of his doctors immediately. But on May 6, the results were placed on the desk of a consultant who was out of the office, and it was not acted on. Meanwhile, Mr Reynolds was finding breathing and eating difficult and on May 10, he was visited at his home by a GP and was taken to hospital immediately. The blood clot was then identified and he received treatment, but Mr Reynolds, of Abergele, north Wales, passed away five days later at Ysbyty Glan Clwyd in Bodelwyddan. An inquest found that if he had received treatment for the blood clot earlier, he would have been ‘likely’ to live longer. Clinical oncologist Dr Angel Garcia Olonso, whose desk the scan results had been placed on, returned to work on May 12 by which time Mr Reynolds had already been admitted. He had worked in Wrexham for one day before the weekend and was on annual leave the following Monday and Tuesday. He appeared as a witness at Ruthin County Hall today yesterday and told the inquest Mr Reynolds’ chances of survival would have been higher had he seen the report sooner. John Gittins, senior coroner for North Wales east and central, said he was ‘dumbfounded’ that it had taken until December 2021 for changes to be made in relation to how unexpected findings are seen immediately by clinicians. An audit of the effectiveness of the changes made has yet to be completed, the inquest heard. A post-mortem examination was undertaken by Dr Mark Atkinson who provided a cause of death of pneumonia and pulmonary embolism due to deep-vein thrombosis on the background of emphysema and cancer of the oesophagus. The coroner recorded a narrative conclusion and issued a Prevention of Future Deaths report. Mr Gittins said: ‘The evidence indicated that had treatment for the clot began sooner there would have been a better prospect of it being successful and further that the treatment of his cancer had been effective. ‘On the balance of probabilities therefore it is likely that Mr Reynolds would not have died on the 15th of May 2021 if the result of his scan had been acted upon when reported by the radiologist on the 6th of May.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.