On Saturday night, 2021 Eurovision winners Maneskin returned to the stage to perform their new song Supermodel, rocking their stage as we knew they would. However, some viewers of the 2022 competition expressed concern over lead singer Damiano David, after spotting that he appeared to be in considerable pain with a leg injury. Following their performance, Damiano looked like he was limping as he spoke about working on Baz Luhrmann upcoming Elvis Presley biopic. As the group walked off stage after performing one more song, Damiano leant on one of his bandmates for support. Several people on Twitter speculated what could be wrong, with one person claiming that the musician injured his leg during a photoshoot earlier in the day, and is said to have not wanted to go on stage with crutches. A number of Eurovision fans dubbed the singer ‘poor Damiano’, with one tweeting: ‘I hope his leg recovers.’ ‘Poor Damiano’s really struggling on that leg, bless him, looks really painful,’ another said. One concerned fan wrote: ‘Poor Damiano with his clearly painful leg,’ while another said: ‘Poor Damiano…hope his leg gets better!’ One praised the singer for putting on a brave face despite the injury, writing: ‘Props for Damiano for keeping it professional even after hurting his leg.’ Despite the injury, Damiano singer still took the opportunity to make a daring joke about that controversial moment after they were crowned the champions of the competition. As the 2021 final unfolded, footage began circulating online showing Damiano bending towards the table which led many to speculate that he was using cocaine. The band were forced to deny the allegations, with the singer later taking a drugs test which dismissed the claims. On Saturday’s grand final, he was asked if he had any advice for the winners of this year’s competition, to which he joked: ‘Have fun and don’t get close to the table.’ Eurovision 2022 was a rollercoaster of a competition, with UK entry Sam Ryder absolutely smashing his performance and picking up the points to prove it. While the UK had its best result in years, Sam fell to Ukraine at the final hurdle, coming in second place after narrowly beating Spain. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision 2022: AJ Odudu ‘does UK proud’ as she beams into grand final MORE : Ukraine’s Kalush Orchestra win Eurovision 2022, defeating UK’s Sam Ryder at final hurdle 