A new mugshot of escaped Alabama murder suspect Casey White has been released after he was captured with Vicky White, the former corrections officer who was found with a gunshot wound to the head. In the newly released mugshot, Casey White wears a yellow jail outfit and dark circles under his eyes. Police ended the 11-day manhunt in Evansville, Indiana on Monday by ramming a cop car into the Cadillac being driven by Vicky White. The pair had led police on a brief car chase before surrendering. When officials went to get the former jail boss out of the car, they found her with a gunshot wound to the head. Initial reports claimed that Vicky White had died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, but officials say they’re still investigating whether her death can be ruled a suicide. ‘The coroner’s office will do an investigation and they will determine if it was a self-inflicted gunshot,’ Vanderburgh County Sheriff Dave Wedding told NBC’s TODAY Show. ‘The initial indication [is] that it was, but we won’t rule anything out until we have a thorough investigation by the coroner,’ Wedding added. According to the US Marshals Service, when Casey White exited the car he told officers: ‘Please help my wife. She just shot herself in the head, and I didn’t do it.’ The 56-year-old was later pronounced dead at a hospital. Her autopsy is scheduled for Tuesday. Casey White surrendered to police after the vehicle he was driving was wrecked, Lauderdale County Sheriff Rick Singleton said Monday. An emergency court hearing is set for him at 12pm Tuesday at the Lauderdale County Courthouse in Alabama. The nationwide manhunt for Casey White and former corrections officer Vicky White, who are not related but shared a ‘special relationship’, concluded with Casey White being taken into custody following a brief chase. The Cadillac rolled over after being hit, Wedding said. ‘When this occurred, [Vicky White] shot herself and [Casey White] was injured, not too seriously,’ he said. Officials are eager to get Casey White back behind bars in Alabama, and Singleton has vowed that the inmate will never escape again. ‘He will stay in handcuffs and shackles while he’s in that cell and if he wants to sue me for violating his civil rights, so be it. He’s not getting out of this jail again. I’ll assure you that,’ Singleton said. Casey White had been held in Lauderdale County jail awaiting the trial for capital murder charges he faces stemming from a 2020 stabbing. He was also serving a 75-year sentence for a series of violent crimes committed in 2015, including attempting to kill an ex-girlfriend. It’s unclear what additional charges he may face following his capture. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.