All eyes will be on Penelope and Colin next season, after Bridgerton’s Nicola Coughlan confirmed their romance will be at the centre, which means fans will be witnessing some risqué scenes. Series two saw Penelope (Nicola) battle her love for Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton), and continue hiding her true self as Lady Whistledown from her best friend Eloise (Claudia Jessie). The 35-year-old actress confirmed the show’s upcoming storyline, with a stunning black and white snap of her and Luke which naturally sent fans into meltdown. But as many know by now, it wouldn’t be Bridgerton without its signature sex scenes, something which Nicola has prepared herself for. When asked if she felt ready to film the X-rated scenes, she joked: ‘I’m gonna have to be. ‘I’ve known for two weeks into filming season two, so I had a lot of time to adjust to it.’ Adding to People, she said: ‘But then, last night when they were like, “the news is coming out. You can talk about it,” I was like, “I don’t want to. I’m too scared.”’ Although fans were a little disheartened to discover season two wouldn’t be as steamy as the previous, new showrunner Jess Brownell – who is replacing Chris Van Dusen in the new season – suggested things might be turning up a notch in the upcoming series. ‘I want to balance that out with quite a bit of sexiness and romance,’ she told Variety. ‘I think that’s so important to the show. We’ll get the chance to go deeper with them and push them to more serious sides and see what that looks like, so you’ll be seeing new new levels.’ The third book – written by Julia titled An Offer From A Gentleman, zones in on Benedict Bridgerton’s (Luke Thompson) love life, but fans will have to wait a little longer for his story. The Netflix series – which is based on Julia Quinn’s collection of romance novels – will also be skipping ahead to the fourth book titled Romancing Mister Bridgerton which focuses on Penelope and Colin’s love story, whereas the third book, An Offer From A Gentleman, zones in on Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson). Bridgerton season 1 and 2 is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nicola Coughlan confirms we’re going to get a Penelope and Colin romance in Bridgerton season 3 – and we cannot wait MORE : Bridgerton’s Simone Ashley wows at Met Gala 2022 in gold sequin bra top followed by daring colourful afterparty ensemble 