A Ukrainian man has shared his remarkable survival story after being shot and buried alive by Russian troops. Mykola Kulichenko, 33, was beaten with a metal rod until he lost consciousness, before Putin’s executioners put a gun inside his mouth and pulled the trigger. Next to him in the unmarked woodland grave, near the Belarus border, laid his two brothers, Yevhen and Dmytro. Like him, their legs were tied, hands bound, and bodies battered and bruised. All were shot but only Mykola survived the wounds. He first heard a shot from behind him, and Dmytro, the eldest of the three, fell to the ground. Next, he felt Yevhen, the youngest, drop by his side. ‘I was thinking that I was next,’ the rural labourer told CNN. Somehow, the bullet entered his cheek and exited next to his right ear. Mykola knew his only hope of getting out was to play dead. When the Russians drove away, he crawled through layers of soil. ‘It was hard for me to breathe, since Dima (Dmytro) was lying on top of me, but using my arms and knees, I was able to push my older brother off to the side of the pit, and then I climbed out,’ Mykola said. Until March 18, the invasion had changed his life little even though Russians had occupied the sleepy village of Dovzhyk, near the city of Kharkiv, where he lived with his two brothers and sister Iryna. But when an enemy convoy was bombed, the occupiers brutally hunted for those responsible and stormed their house. According to Mykola, all three brothers were forced to kneel in their garden, while troops trashed their belongings looking for evidence of their involvement. When they discovered their grandfather’s medals and a military bag belonging to 30-year-old Yevhen, who had been a paratrooper, their fate was decided. After being tortured for three days in a basement, the brothers were blindfolded and taken to the woods. As Mykola stepped off the military vehicle, he realised the three were about to be executed. ‘I was lucky… and now I have to just go on living,’ he said. ‘This story needs to be heard by everyone, not just in Ukraine, but around the world because these kind of things are happening and this is just one in a billion.’ The regional prosecutor has now opened an investigation into what happened to the family. Mykola’s harrowing story is just one of hundreds to emerge after nearly three months of war in Ukraine. The International Criminal Court (ICC) has sent its ‘largest-ever’ team of experts to the country to investigate alleged war crimes. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.