Serial killer Levi Bellfield met his wife-to-be through the Yorkshire Ripper, it has been claimed. The 53-year-old is currently serving two life sentences for murdering Marsha McDonnell, Amelie Delagrange and Milly Dowler. He is incarcerated at HMP Frankland in County Durham, where he recently proposed to his visiting partner in front of shocked guards. Bellfield’s potential wife has now been revealed to be a friend of the late Peter Sutcliffe, widely known as the Yorkshire Ripper. Sutcliffe was found guilty of murdering 13 women and attempting to murder seven others between 1975 and 1980. A source told the Sun: ‘What people don’t realise is that the woman was friends with Sutcliffe for years before he died, although there was no romance between them. ‘She had written to Sutcliffe to ask about his case. ‘But Bellfield actually asked his permission to write to the woman about a year before Sutcliffe died. Sutcliffe agreed — so was an unwitting matchmaker.’ Bellfield allegedly had helped the Sutcliffe keep his cell in order after the Yorkshire convict’s eyesight started to deteriorate. Yesterday, justice secretary Dominic Raab said there were ‘significant concerns’ about the proposed marriage. He added: ‘It is inconceivable that the prison or the Ministry of Justice would authorise that marriage unless the very significant concerns about the safeguarding were addressed; we’ve asked for a risk assessment in relation to that. ‘Clearly, we’re dealing with a dangerous serial killer.’ And a spokesperson for Boris Johnson added: ‘The PM is sickened and appalled by this, and his thoughts are with the families of his victims.’ Bellfield was given a whole life term for murdering Ms McDonnell, 19, in 2003, and murdering Ms Delagrange, 22, and trying to murder Kate Sheedy, 18, in 2004. He was already serving his sentence when he went on trial for killing schoolgirl Milly, who was snatched from the street walking home from school in March 2002. Bellfield was found guilty of abducting and killing the 13-year-old following a trial at the Old Bailey in 2011. Before getting married, he would need formal permission from the governor of HMP Frankland, known as the ‘monster mansion’ for its number of notorious inmates. Little detail is known about the woman, bar the fact she has blonde hair and is in her 40s. She reportedly spends several hours a week visiting the killer, and the pair have been swapping letters for two years. A Ministry of Justice spokesman confirmed Bellfield is engaged and said: ‘An application (to get married) has been received and is being considered in the usual way.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.