A beautiful Grade II listed building in an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty has gone on the market for £750,000. The former silver mine Engine House was featured on Grand Designs in 2008, when owners Adam Purchase and his partner Nicola Brennan began renovating the building into a four-bedroom home. Now almost fully converted, the four-storey home – called Wheal Langford House – features four bedrooms, four bathrooms, a large kitchen and a sitting room. There is also an adjacent Engine House which has planning permission to be transformed into a holiday let, ready for its next owners to begin work. Situated on the edge of the Tamar Valley, on the border between Devon and Cornwall, the 3.7 acre plot looks out over the Cornish countryside. The large kitchen and dining room is perfect for entertaining guests and the main bathroom is full of natural light and features a freestanding bathtub. There’s also a large entrance hall. Outside, the garden has a large patio area, a stream and a naturally swimming pond. A terrace on the third floor offers beautiful countryside views. The property is also eco-friendly, featuring a biomass boiler to supply hot water and central heating to both the main residence, and the second engine house once converted, as well solar panels in the paddock. Wheal Langford mine is believed to have been open before 1824 and produced parcels of argentiferous galena silver. Host Kevin McCloud caught up with the owners in 2011 and called the exterior was a ‘testament to Adam’s skill and dedication’. However, he said that the couple were a long way from moving in. Dominic Skerry, from Lillicrap Chilcott, who are selling the property, said: ‘Wheal Langford has been brought back to life by the dedication and hard work of the owners, and provides a unique opportunity to take it to the next level. ‘The main engine house is almost finished but the new owners have the potential to complete the second Grade II Listed engine house which is adjacent for use as a holiday home to generate an income. ‘Wheal Langford sits in 3.7 acres in The Tamar Valley which is quiet and peaceful. ‘There is plenty of space to have a large allotment, keep livestock, and generally be more self-sufficient.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘World’s oldest living person’ found in Brazil ahead of 122nd birthday MORE : Elizabethan country manor goes on the market for the first time in four centuries MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle