Michael Owen enjoyed a family day out at Chester races, with his 19-year-old daughter stealing the show in a fashionable ensemble. The footballer, 42, was joined by his wife Louise and eldest daughter Gemma for the Boodles May Festival Ladies Day, and the star was more than happy to greet fans with a smile and wave. However, it seems all eyes were on Gemma – who owns her own swimwear brand – as she looked stunning in a navy blue bodycon dress. The teen paired her figure-hugging frock with a pair of strappy gold heels and carried a glitzy clutch, keeping accessories to a minimum with a dainty choker. As for the sporting legend, Michael – who competed in the most recent series of The Masked Singer – coordinated with his daughter in a blue suit, looking extra dapper alongside his wife of 17 years. Louise opted for a pretty white lace dress with Christian Louboutin heels, carrying a Louis Vuitton clutch. The family’s outing comes after Michael was forced to clarify that an OnlyFans model was, in fact, not his daughter, after she was mistaken for a brunette Irish glamour girl on the site. According to Mail Online, the English footballing star wanted to shut down speculation that Gemma – whose company is named OG Beachwear – was using OnlyFans to ‘look after her image and reputation.’ An insider told the publication: ‘Michael is horrified his daughter’s name is being used out of turn and all he wants is for this situation to be rectified.’ ‘It is clearly not Gemma in the images; she doesn’t use OnlyFans, and is only ever pictured in a bikini to promote her brand,’ they added. The images that surfaced, which people assumed to be Gemma, were actually of model Jill, who also confirmed that she was furious to be mistaken for someone else, especially as her pics were leaked illegally. ‘When my nudes get leaked everywhere and people think it’s Michael Owen’s daughter? I’m actually knocked sick and I’m not even going to bother staying quiet on it because too many people have sent it to me now, it’s the fact that men are getting off to the fact it could be a teen,’ she tweeted. Gemma also wanted to voice her opinion on the matter, taking to her Instagram on Friday to say: ‘Apparently some guy is circulating pictures trying to claim it’s me. ‘These pictures were taken off this girl’s OnlyFans. These images are clearly not me. Thank you to this girl for clearing it up. Just for the record, I do NOT have OnlyFans.’ Gemma – who is also a Team GB dressage champion – is the eldest of four children the former Liverpool player shares with Louise, and has previously spoken of how supportive both her parents are of her career. Speaking to MailOnline in March, she said: ‘My dad has pushed more with sport but my mum on the other side has always drilled it into me and my sisters how important it is to have something of your own and stand on your own two feet financially. ‘They are both unbelievably supportive but I would say my mum has encouraged more of the business side.’ She also joked about her dad’s potential reaction if she ever went on Love Island, saying she wouldn’t apply as she isn’t ‘looking for love right now,’ but is a fan of the ITV dating series. ‘Some of the challenges on Love Island, they’re quite out there. I’m not sure I would be able to kiss 10 boys in a row but I do think it’s a great show. ‘But boys aren’t on the cards right now and my dad wouldn’t be very happy at all if I came back and said ‘I’m going on Love Island.’ Michael and Louise also share James Michael, Emily May and Jessica. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran wishes wife Cherry Seaborn a happy 30th birthday with rare PDA photo MORE : Steven Bartlett believes ‘time will tell’ if Piers Morgan Uncensored will be a success as he dubs cancel culture ‘a moment in time’ 