Boris Johnson’s partygate nightmare is over after police announced he would face no further fines – with the investigation officially closed. The prime minister has been told by the Metropolitan Police he faces ‘no further action’, Number 10 said today. But it comes as a total of 126 fines are issued, with some Downing Street staff receiving more than one fixed penalty notice. The Tory leader became the first sitting PM in history to be found to have broken the law when he was forced to pay up for attending his own birthday party. While he has escaped further action, he still faces the long-awaited Sue Gray report finally surfacing. The top civil servant handed over more than 300 photographs of potential rule-breaking to detectives. These, along with 500 pages of documents, could soon be published in full. Downing Street and Whitehall is now the most-fined spot in the UK in relation to coronavirus rules, with 83 people fined at events spanning eight separate days. Scotland Yard declined to identify anyone involved in the investigation but disclosed that it cost around £460,000. Mr Johnson’s official spokesman said: ‘I would say the Prime Minister is pleased the investigation has concluded and we’d like to thank the Met Police for their work in bringing this investigation to completion. ‘Beyond that … I think the Prime Minister will update Parliament in the first instance on the publication, once Sue Gray’s report is published, and that’s when he will talk in more detail. So beyond that I wouldn’t be going into more detail.’ One of the dates in which fines were issued for was November 13 2020, a date in which police investigated two events, including one in the Prime Minister’s Downing Street flat. But the Met has not clarified whether a fine was issued over the flat gathering, or whether fines on that day related to the leaving do for communications director Lee Cain, at which Mr Johnson reportedly made a speech. It was clear however that fines were issued for the “bring your own booze” party held in the Downing Street garden on May 20 2020. It’s understood that Simon Case, the Cabinet Secretary who stood down from leading the investigation after being accused of having a party in his office, has not been fined. Speaking today, Scotland Yard’s acting deputy commissioner Helen Ball said: ‘In total we have made 126 referrals for a fixed-penalty notice to be issued. ‘Some of those referrals were for more than one fixed-penalty notice to be issued – 28 people have been referred for between two and five fixed-penalty notices.’ She added: ‘The whole of the pandemic was extraordinary times, wasn’t it, and many things happened that haven’t happened before or haven’t happened since. ‘We’ve carried out a really thorough, painstaking and impartial investigation into what happened. That has concluded today with the outcome I have described.’ Downing Street said the Prime Minister will update Parliament when the Sue Gray report is published. A woman who lost her father to Covid has said the fines for events across Downing Street and Whitehall are ‘nothing short of a terrible insult’ to everyone who lost loved ones during the pandemic. Safiah Ngah, from Islington, north London, lost her father Zahari Ngah, 68, to coronavirus in February 2021. Speaking for the Covid-19 Bereaved Families for Justice group, she said: ‘The nearly half a million pounds this investigation has cost could have been spent on support services for the bereaved. ‘Instead it was spent investigating our own Government and all because they lied and failed to acknowledge they had broken the law. ‘Conservative MPs promised they would make their mind up about the Prime Minister when the Sue Gray report is released. There is no reason for that report to be delayed any longer. ‘Every day they do not act they allow a man who gaslit us and lied to the faces of the bereaved when he claimed he did “everything possible” to save our loved ones remain the highest office in the land.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.