The Queen was all smiles as she arrived at tonight’s finale of the Windsor Horse Show. The 96-year-old monarch was in good spirits as she sat down for the performance of A Gallop Through History, celebrating her Platinum Jubilee. The crowd stood and cheered as Her Majesty arrived by car, and the applause continued as she and her son the Earl of Wessex approached the royal box of the Castle Arena. Hollywood stars Tom Cruise and Dame Helen Mirren – once again playing a Queen of England – led the cast of entertainers at the celebration of the monarch’s 70-year reign. Despite ongoing mobility issues the Queen walked to her seat after she was driven into the Castle Arena escorted by mounted divisions of the Household Cavalry. A tri-service guard of honour featuring the Coldstream Guards, RAF Regiment and Royal Navy was in place for the Queen’s arrival – signalled by the playing of the national anthem. Among the celebrities taking part in the show were Damian Lewis, Omid Djalili and Katherine Jenkins, an all-star cast of British and international talent for Sunday’s performance which was broadcast live by ITV. Cruise said it is ‘a real honour and privilege’ to be a part of the Platinum Jubilee celebrations in Windsor. The Hollywood A-lister told presenters Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham that the Queen ‘is a woman I greatly admire’. He added: ‘What she has accomplished is historic. She has met presidents, world leaders, people from all walks of life. ‘Not just Americans, but the world knows the dignity, devotion and kindness, that is what I have always felt about her. ‘Someone that understands her position and has held it through a history that’s just been extraordinary the past 70 years.’ Dame Helen, played Queen Elizabeth I as the show began by chronicling the events of the first Elizabethan age from the attempted invasion of the Spanish Armada to leading figures of the day like William Shakespeare. The Queen sat in the royal box with a blanket over her knees and a shawl around her shoulders as Djalili, the herald and narrator of the romp through history, took the audience through key moments, adding his inimitable humour. Highlights included the Royal Cavalry of Oman who filled the arena with their display of horsemanship, which had the Queen smiling, including the sight of horses lying down on command, and the precision marching and rifle handling skills of the King’s Guard of Norway. Performers from Azerbaijan had the crowds cheering when riders performed feats as their horses galloped, from lying on the backs to doing handstands. At one point the Queen was spotted picking up her handbag and she reached inside for her lipstick and applied a new coat to her lips. Cruise introduced what he said was ‘one of the most enthralling, thrilling, heart-in-mouth displays’ as he announced a performance by The King’s Troop Royal Horse Artillery. He said: ‘It takes huge courage and discipline to do what they do, galloping with guns that were fired in the battles of the First World War, weighing one-and-a-half tonnes, with no brakes. ‘The drive demonstrates absolute trust between horse and rider.’ The crowd clapped in time to the music as an orchestra played and the horses galloped around the arena pulling the historic guns. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.