A little girl is in a critical condition after being left on a school bus for six hours in 29°C heat. Nevaeh Austin, three, was collected from her home at 9am yesterday, to attend Le Smileys Early Learning Centre in Gracemere, near Rockhampton, in Queensland. She was then found unconscious in the same van six hours later – after being ‘forgotten’ by staff. Paramedics were able to revive the toddler before rushing her to the nearest hospital. Now, an investigation into how Nevaeh came to be left on the bus has found she was the only passenger on board. Capricornia Police District Detective Inspector Darrin Shadlow said while still in its early stages, the investigation appeared to have found Navaeh was the only child collected by the bus. ‘It would appear she was the only child at the time,’ he told reporters on Thursday. ‘When they returned to the centre, the driver and one other person on the bus have forgotten she was there.’ DI Shadlow said his team would be ‘looking at everyone involved’ and said early inquiries suggested a breach of policy had led to the incident. ‘We will leave no stone unturned in relation to this investigation,’ he said ‘We have assistance from the crime intelligence command, our child trauma unit in Brisbane, and photographic and forensic officers attending the scene, just so we can get to the base of what has happened.’ He said Le Smileys is ‘cooperating to a degree’ but ‘have sought legal advice and will be going down that path’. After being rushed to a hospital in Rockhampton, Navaeh was transferred to Brisbane Hospital for a deep brain scan and emergency kidney treatment. Her condition is understood to be critical, but stable. DI Shadlow said the little girl’s family were understandably ‘distraught’ and by her bedside in Brisbane. The incident echoes a similar case in Cairns, in February 2020, when three-year-old Maliq Nicholas Floyd Namok-Malamoo, known as Meeky, died after being left in a school minibus for six hours in 34°C heat. Just like Naveah, Meeky had been left in the vehicle following a morning school pick-up. His death led to the bus driver being charged with manslaughter and sentenced to six years’ imprisonment with a non-parole period of 18 months. Meeky’s daycare centre was charged with failing to adequately supervise children, protect children from harm and taking reasonable steps to ensure documents were accurate. The tragedy led to the introduction of policies which aimed to prevent a repeat incident. The law was also changed to require educators to carry out risk assessments around child transportation. DI Shadlow said police had ‘hoped’ they would not be attending another incident after Maliq’s death, but ‘here we are’. Navaeh’s daycare is not required to close during the investigation but the building and bus where she was left have both been declared crime scenes, police said. The bus, which is believed to be owned by the centre, will not be allowed to be used until the declaration is lifted. Distraught parents were seen arriving at the Le Smileys yesterday afternoon to pick up their children, horrified at how a school pick up and drop off could go so wrong. One mum claimed the school had not contacted her about the incident and she had instead learnt about it on social media, MailOnline reported. Queensland’s assistant minister for education, Brittany Lauga, said ‘this simply shouldn’t have happened’ and vowed an inquiry would follow. ‘Tonight is a little girl in Gracemere who is fighting for her life in hospital after being allegedly left on a bus at daycare,’ Ms Lauga said in a social media post. ‘Families need to have peace of mind that when they send their children off to school, kindy or day care, they will come home safe.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.