Tory MPs have voted down plans to trigger an emergency budget despite the worsening cost of living crisis. The Labour amendment to the Queen’s Speech was defeated by 312 to 229 tonight. It comes on the same day inflation shot up to its highest level in 40 years, sparking warnings the UK is headed for a recession. Last night, Tories also voted against Labour’s proposal for a windfall tax that the party said could save struggling families around £600 a year. Earlier, Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves tore into the government, branding ministers ‘out of touch’ and ‘out of ideas’. She said it was ‘unconscionable’ that the government was piling taxes on working people in the middle of a crisis and argued an emergency budget was needed to deal with the lack of support on offer. She said that this must include a windfall tax to ‘help get bills down and help families and pensioners weather this storm’. She added: ‘Today’s inflation data will add to the worries families already face as prices soar and pay packets are crunched.’ The Office for National Statistics (ONS) released new data today showing inflation had reached 9% – the highest level since 1982. The figures follow a week of grim warnings that the UK is facing ‘apocalyptic’ food prices in the coming months and school dinner portions might shrink as a result. Food banks have warned that they are struggling to keep up with imploding demand, with one organisation in Cornwall claiming children are getting food poisoning because their parents are switching off their fridges at night to save money on energy. Ms Reeves said ‘none of this’ is inevitable’. ‘It is a consequence of Conservative decisions and the direction that they have taken our economy in over the last 12 years,’ she told the Commons. ‘This government is increasingly a rudderless ship heading to the rocks, while it is willing to watch people financially drown in the process.’ The shadow chancellor slammed her Conservative counterpart for not showing up to the debate. ‘On the day that inflation has reached a 40-year-high, the Chancellor is missing in action’. She added: ‘Where is the urgency? Where is the action? Because the time to change course is now. We need an emergency budget to deal with the inadequacy of the Chancellor’s spring statement, with a windfall tax to help get bills down and help families and pensioners weather this storm.’ The Tories Tory MPs also rejected a Lib Dem amendment calling for immediate tax cuts. Opposition parties are increasingly piling pressure on the government to come up with solutions to the cost of living crisis, with no new support made available since the chancellor’s widely-criticised Spring Statement. Conservative MPs have come under fire for ‘out of touch advice’ to help struggling families, including telling them ‘get better better paid jobs’, ‘cook from scratch’ and buy ‘value branded’ food. Rishi Sunak is said to be drawing up plans to increase the warm home discount before cutting taxes amid growing political pressure from his own party to step in. He has openly hinted new measures will be on the way, though not imminently. In a speech to businesses later, the chancellor is expected to warn of a ‘tough few months’ ahead and admit it won’t be easy for families feeling the crunch. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.