Love Island has signed male model Zach Hartman up for the upcoming series, according to reports. With just a matter of days to go before the 2022 series kicks off, it’s been claimed the singleton will take a hiatus from his day job to head into the new Majorcan villa on a mission to find love. Fitness fanatic Zach, 22, has featured in a number of advertising campaigns with huge fashion brands over the course of his career, including with the likes of Jack Wills and Ralph Lauren. Zach already boasts of a huge social media presence, with over 47,000 followers on Instagram alone. Judging by his snaps, Zach is a big fan of holidays to Dubai and has shared several photos showing him soaking up the sun in his trunks in true Love Island style. ‘Zach is really good-looking and is a real charmer when it comes to the ladies,’ an insider said. ‘But he has a heart too. He used to carry a bit of extra weight when he was younger but he hit the gym and trimmed down after cleaning up his diet,’ the source added to The Sun. The publication also recently claimed that bosses have snatched up model Indiyah Polack. With some 11,000 followers on Instagram, Indiyah has modelled for names such as Lounge Underwear, Boohoo and Bold Cosmetics. A source said that producers think she is the ‘whole package’, with her being described as ‘gorgeous, funny, and uber-trendy.’ They added: ‘This year’s focus was on finding Islanders with character, not just celebrity families or famous friends and Indiyah is just that – 100 per cent real.’ The new series of Love Island is set to launch on June 6 and this year’s batch of contestants will receive inclusion training exploring language and behaviour before entering the villa as part of ITV’s ‘extended duty of care protocols’. All islanders involved in the hit ITV2 reality series will receive video training and guidance on inclusive language around disability, sexuality, race and ethnicity, behaviours and microaggressions. The conversations will be chaired by the Black Collective of Media in Sport (Bcoms) founder Leon Mann MBE, broadcaster Sean Fletcher, disability specialist Shani Dhanda and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) consultant Hayley Bennett. The discussions will also tackle topics including creating safe spaces and being a good ally. Love Island returns Monday, June 6 at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 