Finland and Sweden have applied for Nato membership amid concerns over Russia’s war in Ukraine, the military alliance has confirmed. Both Scandinavian nations have been historically neutral and their decision to join Nato is one of the most significant changes in the security of Europe for decades. ‘This is a historic moment, which we must seize,’ Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said after the Swedish and Finnish ambassadors handed in their application letters. ‘I warmly welcome requests by Finland and Sweden to join Nato. You are our closest partners, and your membership in Nato will increase our shared security.’ The applications now set an accession process in motion that is expected to take only a few weeks. It also significantly reflects a sweeping shift in public opinion against Putin’s invasion and the frequent nuclear threats coming out of Moscow. Sweden share a maritime border with Russia, while Finland has an 810-mile (1,300km) land border with the hostile state.  Nato believes their accession would hugely strengthen it in the Baltic Sea, but the ratification of all 30 allied parliaments could take up to a year. Their applications could also be derailed by the Turkish president, Recep Erdogan, who vowed to use his veto to block them. Erdogan is angry at the two countries for welcoming Kurdish refugees with ties to pro-independence groups. He even said they shouldn’t bother sending diplomats to try and change his mind, warning Nato would become a ‘hatchery’ for terrorists if they joined. ‘Neither of these countries have a clear, open attitude towards terrorist organisations,’ he said. ‘How can we trust them?’ However, Stoltenberg said today he thought the issues could be resolved. ‘We are determined to work through all issues and reach rapid conclusions,’ he said, noting strong support from all other allies. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates.