Staff at a technology factory in China have revolted over strict coronavirus measures. Workers stormed barriers and fought with security staff during a dramatic riot on Thursday. The Quanta factory, in the Songjiang district of Shanghai, makes devices such as MacBook Pros. Footage from Thursday shows how helpless guards, clad in protective white gowns, tried in vain to catch workers who jumped over barriers. The factory had been operating under strict government-mandated isolation rules. Bloomberg report that a ‘closed loop’ system meant staff were required to sleep at nearby accommodation instead of at home. Some had been trying to return to their dormitories to rest when they were denied exit from the factory, and chaos soon followed. The unrest had reportedly died down by Friday morning. But the riot has impacted the factory’s output of MacBook Pro deliveries. The site is operating at 30% capacity due to the recent disruption, Economic Daily reported. Sweeping lockdown measures have led to major protests across China over recent months, particularly in Shanghai. The country’s strict zero-Covid strategy, implemented since the beginning of the pandemic, has resulted in repeated lockdowns and stringent quarantine measures. Typically, criticism of the Communist Chinese government is rare, but an increasing number of people have started to revolt. One local staged a protest by placing his empty fridge on his balcony last moment, as residents report struggling to find enough to eat. There have been reports of starvation after 26 million people were locked in their homes in the city and forced to rely on deliveries. And last month, an elderly woman launched a ‘prison break’ from her quarantine in Shanghai. Video footage went viral of the 95-year-old boldly walking down a street in a bid to free herself from quarantine. The woman was later placed in a small confinement area nearby, but a second clip showed her breaking through a corrugated iron cage using some tools. She was said to have made it home after her third escape bid, the Daily Telegraph reported. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.