Keir Starmer has pulled out of a keynote speech today as pressure mounts over the ‘beergate’ scandal. The Labour leader is facing a police investigation into whether he broke the law by sharing a £200 takeaway with activists after a day of campaigning in Durham last April – a time when Covid restrictions banned indoor mixing, aside from at work. A leaked memo appeared to show the politician’s meal was pre-planned, calling into question his insistence he followed all coronavirus rules. He has said he continued working after the food, but the only business listed after 10pm on the document was a 15-minute walk back to his hotel. Now, the Institute for Government think tank has confirmed Sir Keir will not be making a planned address due to take place at 2.30pm this afternoon. The opposition leader was due to discuss his party’s approach to ‘meeting the challenges the country faces on the eve of the Queen’s Speech’. But the event was scrapped at the last minute and Labour has not yet offered an explanation for this. Mark Jenkinson, Tory MP for Workington has claimed the opposition leader is ‘running scared’. ‘It’s time he came out and told the truth, apologised and put this whole sorry saga behind him’, he said. But Shadow health secretary Wes Streeting told Sky News he didn’t bother to check why the speech was cancelled ‘because I thought it was such a trivial thing’. He said: ‘The idea that – I’ve obviously done a couple of these interviews this morning – the idea that Keir has been avoiding scrutiny when he’s been out all weekend in front of cameras celebrating those brilliant results we got in the local elections last week, you know, whether or not he’s done an event, his diary changes all the time. It’s kind of neither here nor there really.’ It comes after Deputy Prime Minister Dominic Raab accused Sir Keir of ‘complete hypocrisy’, saying ‘He needs to fess up and answer all of the holes in the account that he gave for that beer-and-curry event in Durham.’ Notably, the justice minister stopped short of calling for Sir Keir’s resignation after backing Boris Johnson to remain as prime minister in similar circumstances. Diane Abbott has become the first of Sir Keir’s own MPs to suggest he should step down from the role if he is fined. But he has repeatedly said he is ‘confident no rules were broken’. Speaking on Friday, he said: ‘Obviously I understand the police need to do their job, we need to let them get on with that but I’m confident there was no breach of the rules.’ Shadow secretary of state for levelling up, housing and communities Lisa Nandy has said her boss ‘is Mr Rules, he does not break the rules’. ‘He went on a work visit, he stopped to eat at various times during the day as was factored into the work visit and then he finished the work visit and he went back to his hotel’, she said. ‘I think this, the last few weeks we’ve seen an absolutely desperate attempt to sling mud at the Labour leader and various members of the Labour Party and it is frankly absurd of the Tories to claim that this in any way equates to a Prime Minister who was under investigation by the police for 12 separate gatherings which included karaoke parties, bring your own bottle parties, pub quizzes, suitcases full of wine being smuggled through the back door. ‘The Prime Minister lied about that, he denied that they happened, he denied that he was there, he came clean and he laughed about it.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted the Labour Party and The Institute for Government for comment. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.