Paul Holmes, MP for Eastleigh, has resigned as parliamentary private secretary over the partygate scandal. The 33-year-old said ‘deep mistrust’ of the Conservative Party had led to a ‘toxic culture’ at Number 10. Mr Holmes had served as parliamentary private secretary to Priti Patel since September. He said: ‘Over the last few weeks this distress has led me to conclude that I want to continue to focus solely on my efforts in being your Member of Parliament and the campaigns that are important to you. ‘That is why I have now resigned from my governmental responsibilities as a Parliamentary Private Secretary at the Home Office.’ The partygate scandal and publication of Sue Gray’s report has led to a wave of Tory MPs speaking out against Prime Minister Boris Johnson. Mr Johnson received one fine attending his own birthday party where he was infamously ‘ambushed with a cake.’ Mr Holmes said: ‘Revelations from the Sue Gray report that staff and cleaners were not treated properly is both disappointing and unacceptable, it is right that the Prime Minister apologised to staff. ‘It clearly showed a culture in Number 10 that was distasteful, and I am glad that there have been several reforms that Sue Gray has welcomed. ‘It is clear to me that a deep mistrust in both the Government and the Conservative Party has been created by these events, something that pains me personally as someone who always tries to represent Eastleigh and its people with integrity.’ He added: ‘It is distressing to me that this work on your behalf has been tarnished by the toxic culture that seemed to have permeated Number 10.’ It is not yet clear if Mr Holmes will submit a letter of no confidence in relation to Mr Johnson’s leadership. As of yesterday, 23 Tory MPs had called on the Conservative leader to step down over the partygate affair. Following the publication of the Sue Gray report, Mr Johnson said: ‘I full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch.’ He is the first sitting PM in history to be found to have broken the law. In her report, Ms Gray specifically attacked ‘senior leaders’ in government, saying they must ‘bear responsibility’ for the culture which led to Covid lockdown rules being broken. Uncovered emails revealed one top official boasting staff had ‘got away with drinks’, while multiple examples of ‘unacceptable’ treatment of security and cleaning staff were found. This is a breaking news story, more to follow soon… Check back shortly for further updates. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.