Wiley is wanted by police after failing to appear in court six months ago. The grime artist, who is accused of assaulting ex-world champion kickboxer Ali Jacko and breaking into his flat, failed to show up at Snaresbrook Crown Court, east London, on November 11, 2021. Police have launched a fresh appeal to hunt Wiley – real name Richard Cowie – down. Newham police circulated a wanted poster on social media on Tuesday. ‘WANTED: Can you help? We would like to speak with Richard Cowie for failing to appear at Snaresbrook Crown Court,’ the post read. The 43-year-old is accused of breaking into a flat in Forest Gate, east London, on August 28, before allegedly smashing plates and attacking Jacko. The rapper, from Tower Hamlets, east London, used Mr Jacko’s recording studio before the pandemic. A warrant had previously been issued for Wiley’s arrest last September after he failed to attend a court hearing related to the allegations. At the time, the Wearing My Rolex star was on bail and had been granted time by a judge to apply for legal aid and speak to his lawyers. The Metropolitan Police had confirmed the incident in a statement: ‘At around 2200hrs on Saturday, 28 August, police were called to a flat in Romford Road, Forest Gate. ‘Officers attended the location. It was alleged that a man had entered the flat, assaulted the occupant and caused criminal damage to property. The man was arrested and taken into custody. ‘The occupant, an adult male, sustained a minor injury. LAS were not required.’ Wiley is known as the ‘Godfather of grime’ with a career spanning over 20 years. Some of his best known hits include Wot Do U Call It? and Heatwave. The rapper was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2018 for services to music. In January 2020, Wiley was engaged in a highly publicised feud with Stormzy as the rappers traded personal insults in a series of diss tracks. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 