Katherine Ryan has seen an opportunity and taken it, to ask comedy pal Seann Walsh what really happened with his fallout from Strictly Come Dancing. Comedian Katherine is known for her no nonsense approach, always saying exactly what she thinks during her TV and stage stints across the UK. So it’s no surprise in her new show, Backstage With Katherine Ryan, nothing is off limits. Set to air on Amazon Prime Video, she’ll invite a slew of comedians to perform and hang out backstage at the iconic Roundhouse theatre in London, where she doesn’t hold back on her intense line of questioning. One person in the firing line is Seann, who famously ended up embroiled in a scandal with his Strictly, Katya Jones. The pair were snapped kissing one evening outside a London pub, which soon ended up all over the papers. In a trailer for her new show, Katherine decides to quiz him on the topic, leaving him pretty fazed. She asks: ‘What’s your truth regarding the kiss, and the whole Strictly thing?’ While viewers will have to wait to see what he responds, it already gives the tone for what’s to come in Katherine’s show. Seann has addressed how the pair’s actions becoming public ‘changed his life forever’ as he struggled with his mental health. Speaking on the Take Flight podcast last year, he said: ‘The panic attacks came back – big, big panic attacks and I ended up having what I later found out were Vertigo Seizures. ‘I had one the other day, I just lied down – I had to lie down in the street, it’s quite humiliating. It’s London so nobody gives a s***. I have to relive what happened. Still, I can be OK then suddenly the memories of it all come back.’ Earlier in 2022, he admitted to i News of the scandal: ‘I’m not sick of it. But I think it’s a shame that it’s probably going to be the only thing I’m remembered for.’ Katya also apologised in a statement at the time, but she later split with husband Neil Jones, who is a fellow professional dancer on Strictly. She told followers on Twitter: ‘I’m so sorry about any offence or hurt I may have caused with my actions. I wasn’t thinking and it was a one-off mistake after some drinks. ‘I love my husband and we are very happy together, this is not a reflection on our relationship.’ The dancers confirmed they were splitting in joint Instagram statements in 2019, but despite writing they had mutual ‘respect’ and ‘love’, a source claimed Katya’s infidelity was something her husband couldn’t get over. The pair remain close friends since the split, and are currently dancing together on the Strictly Come Dancing Professional’s tour. Backstage with Katherine Ryan will air on Prime Video later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Bruno Tonioli ‘quits BBC series after 18 years’ MORE : Strictly star Johannes Radebe gives powerful speech at DofE awards at Buckingham Palace: ‘Dream huge’ 