A robber who snatched an elderly woman’s handbag, causing her to fall and break her hip, had boiling water poured over him in prison. Dean Kenyon, 35, targeted the 79-year-old victim as she waited to be picked up by her daughter in Consett, County Durham, on January 12. He left her with lifelong injuries as she crashed to the ground during the frightening robbery. Kenyon was arrested and remanded in custody after he was identified on CCTV footage. But while on remand in prison, Kenyon was subjected to a ‘horrific attack’ where boiling water was poured on his legs and arms. It left him in ‘constant and searing pain’ and needing five skin graft operations, Durham Crown Court heard. Kenyon, of Parkside Crescent, Seaham, appeared at the court via link from HMP Durham, after pleadung guilty to robbery. Annie Richardson, prosecuting, said the victim ‘experienced severe pain in her right hip’ after fracturing it. When he was arrested, her keys were found in his jacket. The court heard Kenyon had previously snatched the purse of a woman in her 50s after he ‘barged’ into her in the Teesside area in October 2020. He later went on to use the woman’s bank cards. Chris Morrison, defending, said: ‘The level of remorse in this matter is apparent. When the sober realisation of what he had done to that vulnerable lady dawned upon him, he was mortified, and is mortified to this day.’ He said Kenyon carried out the robbery to ‘acquire money for drugs’, adding: ‘Whilst on remand, he has been made subject of a most horrific attack. ‘He had boiling water poured over his arms and legs, resulting in skin grafts to his arms and legs. He has had five skin graft operations and his mobility is to be affected by these. He is currently heavily sedated and is in constant and searing pain.’ Judge James Adkin handed Kenyon a six-year prison sentence, with a three-year extended licence. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.