Ainsley Harriott proved to be a real life hero after saving his sister from drowning at the Chelsea Flower Show. The beloved TV chef sprung to action after spotting his sibling, Jacqueline, trip and fall into a water feature. DIY SOS star Nick Knowles was among the famous attendees who reportedly watched on in horror. The dramatic scenes unfolded during the first day of the event, hosted by the Royal Horticultural Society (RHS), at the BBC display at Chelsea Hospital. The water feature was part of the BBC Studios’ Our Green Planet and RHS Bee Garden display. Ainsley, 65, is said to have pulled his sister to safety along with several others before she received treatment from paramedics – and she was rushed to hospital soon after the ordeal. Taking to Twitter after the incident, he shared an update on how Jacqueline is doing. ‘Just a big thank you to everyone who helped my sister when she had a fall at the Chelsea Flower Show this morning,’ he penned. ‘She’s doing fine and all is well xx.’ RHS Chelsea Flower Show bosses told Metro.co.uk in a statement that they would be investigating the incident. ‘We are investigating an incident that occurred on a garden at RHS Chelsea Flower Show today,’ it read. ‘The guest was quickly attended to by on site medical professionals and we are pleased to say is now home and well.’ Photos show a large group of people standing around Jacqueline as she lay on the floor, with Ainsley reaching down to touch her. Detailing the terrifying incident, one onlooker told The Telegraph: ‘The garden was packed with lots of people and I think the woman must have fallen into the pond or tripped over and ended up in the water. ‘I think she nearly drowned. She was pulled out by Ainsley Harriott and some other celebrities before they laid her down on the floor. She was coughing up lots of water.’ Matt Peskett, an RHS volunteer who saw the accident, said they will now have to place barriers around the feature to avoid similar incidents in the coming days. He recalled Ainsley’s sister stepping backwards and ‘fully [falling] in, not just a foot’. The Queen was expected to attend the first day of the Chelsea Flower Show, but Buckingham Palace said it would be a last-minute decision due to her ongoing mobility issues. The Chelsea Flower Show will be on from Tuesday, May 24 until Saturday, May 28. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ellen DeGeneres just fulfilled Jennifer Lawrence’s childhood fantasy by interviewing her on the toilet MORE : ‘These stairs are crazy!’ Kendall Jenner struggles to get around in skintight dress at Kourtney Kardashian’s wedding 