Boris and co have come in for a bit of a rough ride over the last few weeks because he went to a couple of parties. Pictures revealed yesterday showed just how naff some of those parties were with sandwiches on the tables and what appeared to be apple and orange juice in large jugs. Imagine that kind of party turned the entire country against you – would it be worth it? A poll showed he’s considered to be a liar by the majority of people and most voters think he should quit. Poor floppy-haired Bojo. So, to help the Prime Minister and his mates console themselves that they’re not doing a bad job, the Trade Union Congress has come up with a host of things we should be thankful for from the government. We’re getting tax cuts (in two years), an energy rebate (that doesn’t cover rising energy costs) and there was a pledge to axe fire and rehire practices (already dropped from the Queen’s speech). Here’s their video. The TUC, which uploaded a video to TikTok outlining the Government’s achievements, is planning a protest in London on June 18 that will end in Parliament Square. It may be the first of many protests this summer, with industrial action being promised against the background of the cost-of-living crisis. Last-minute talks are under way to prevent the biggest rail strike in modern history going ahead after union members at Network Rail and 14 major train operators voted to walk out. The government has accused the RMT of acting prematurely at a time when the rail network is ‘on life support’ after the union’s head threatened to ‘bring the country to a standstill’ over pay and jobs. Ministers are looking at plans to keep freight moving and prevent the sight of empty shelves in supermarkets. TUC general secretary Frances O’Grady today pressed ministers for action on the economic squeeze gripping millions across the country. She wrote on Twitter: ‘Energy bills are set to rise 23 TIMES faster than wages this year. ‘Let that sink in. The government has no excuse for delaying a windfall tax and Emergency Budget.’ Rishi Sunak is set to announce measures designed to alleviate the pressure on society’s poorest tomorrow amid soaring energy bills and inflation rates not seen for 40 years. In a bid to soften the PR disaster of partygate and various sex scandals in the Tory party, Rishi Sunak announced a £10 billion package that could see up to £400 worth of relief for some households in the form an energy bills rebate. It could tackle head-on two of the criticisms of the government repeated in the TUC’s viral TikTok video, with the chancellor expected to bow to pressure and adopt a windfall tax on energy firms and scrap plans to recoup the rebate through energy bills over five years. Labour’s shadow climate change minister Ed Miliband predicted Mr Sunak would eventually adopt the opposition’s policy of raiding the record profits being generated by energy firms. He criticised the chancellor in the Commons, saying: ‘The truth is, they have run out of excuses, and amidst the chaos and confusion about what their position is, I think a massive U-turn is lumbering slowly over the hill. ‘But I say this to the Chancellor: swallow your pride and get on with it.’ The Tory government is unlikely to adopt a flat rate tax for all energy firms, instead tapering the levy according to investment commitments made by individual companies. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.