Boris Johnson has faced mounting pressure from the public and politicians over the partygate scandal. Since news first emerged of Covid-breaking events at Downing Street and Whitehall, calls were made from across the political spectrum for him to stand down. Mr Johnson received one fine attending his own birthday party where he was infamously ‘ambushed with a cake.’ There was fresh scrutiny on the partygate scandal with the much-anticipated publication of the Sue Gray report. Responding, Mr Johnson said: ‘I full responsibility for everything that took place on my watch.’ Metro.co.uk have now compiled a list of the Tory rebels who have spoken out and called for their leader’s resignation, with dozens publicly calling for him to go. A leadership election could be triggered if 54 formal no confidence letters are  submitted, with one MP saying last night that he believed this could be ‘close’. It is difficult to know exactly, however, as some MPs may have submitted letters of no confidence without revealing this publicly, while others are ambiguous about whether they have done so. John Stevenson: Carlisle This afternoon he said that he was ‘deeply disappointed’ in the government and had submitted a letter of no confidence. In a statement posted on social media, he said he had recently called on the prime minister to put himself forward for a confidence vote to ‘draw a line’ under recent controversies. ‘Sadly, the Prime Minister appears unwilling to bring matters to a head and submit himself to such a vote,’ he said. ‘Therefore, the only option is for the Conservative MPs to facilitate a vote of confidence. ‘I have already taken the appropriate action.’ Dame Andrea Leadsom: South Northamptonshire The former ally of Boris Johnson has now accused him of ‘unacceptable failings of leadership’. In a letter to her constituents, she said the ‘extent and severity’ of the rule-breaking in No 10 meant it was ‘extremely unlikely’ the senior leadership did not know what was going on. In the message, which was shared on social media, she stopped short of directly calling on Mr Johnson to resign and did not say whether she had submitted a letter calling for a no confidence vote. Dame Andrea concluded however by saying: ‘Each of my Conservative colleagues and I must now decide individually on what is the right course of action that will restore confidence in our Government.’ Andrew Bridgen: North West Leicestershire The Brexiteer MP emailed constituents yesterday to say he has re-submitted his letter citing ‘further revelations over the past week’. He had previously submitted a letter in January but withdrew it in March saying he did not believe it was the right time for a leadership contest due to the war in Ukraine. But he has now said: ‘There have, however, been further revelations over the past week and there is obviously and rightly still a lot of anger about the culture in No 10 during the lockdown period. ‘I and colleagues have put in a letter of no confidence over the past few days and it may well be the numbers are close to triggering a vote of no confidence.’ Jeremy Wright: Kenilworth and Southam The former Attorney General also submitted a letter of no confidence in the PM yesterday. He released a 2,303 word statement on his website calling on the PM to go. ‘I fear that these events have done real and lasting damage to the reputation not just of this Government but to the institutions and authority of Government more generally’, he wrote. Admitting that he could not be sure if the PM had misled Parliament, he continued: ‘[Trust] matters because it is sadly likely that a government will again need to ask the citizens of this country to follow rules it will be difficult to comply with and to make sacrifices which will be hard to bear, in order to serve or preserve the greater good. ‘The collective consequences of those citizens declining to do so may again be severe.’ Elliot Colburn: Carshalton and Wallington He also submitted a letter on Monday, meaning that three MPs publicly stated they had done so in just one day. Mr Colburn, who is defending a majority of just 629, has not released a statement on his decision. Nickie Aiken: Cities of London and Westminster She has not confirmed whether she has submitted a letter of no confidence, but wrote a letter urging the prime minister to call a confidence vote himself. The former party vice-chairman, who stepped down following Sue Grey’s interim report, said she was ‘incredulous and appalled’ by the revelations. ‘It was not the case of one single incident but what appears to be a culture of excessive drinking in the workplace,’ she said. ‘I fear that the continued reporting and constant speculation will continue to damage both the Government and the Conservative Party. ‘If I were in the same position, I would put myself forward to the Conservative Parliamentary Party for a vote of confidence, end this speculation in order to allow the Government to continue to meet the challenges the country faces, especially the cost of living crisis.’ Alicia Kearns: Rutland and Melton In a statement posted on Facebook on May 27, Ms Kearns said: ‘It is wrong that families were banned from saying goodbye to their dying loved ones, whilst the prime minister was complicit in the holding of many goodbye parties for his staff, which we now know displayed a complete disregard for restrictions and were complete with vomiting, fighting and bullying. ‘I can only conclude that the Prime Minister’s account of events to Parliament was misleading.’ Ms Kearns added: ‘My position remains unchanged since January, and the prime minister continues not to hold my confidence.’ Sir Bob Neill: Bromley and Chislehurst His call came just hours after Paul Holmes quit his role as parliamentary private secretary, citing the ‘toxic culture’ in Downing Street as a major reason. Sir Bob said he had submitted a letter of no confidence to the 1922 Committee, saying ‘we cannot have one rule for those working in government and a different one for everyone else’. He added: ‘I have listened carefully to the explanations the prime minister has given, in Parliament and elsewhere, and, regrettably, do not find his assertions to be credible.’ Stephen Hammond: MP for Wimbledon The Tory MP turned on Mr Johnson and submitted a letter of no confidence to 1922 committee following the publication of Ms Gray’s report. Stephen Hammond, the veteran MP for Wimbledon, said he refuses to ‘defend the indefensible’. In a statement, he wrote: ‘The Sue Gray Report was published yesterday. ‘I have said consistently throughout I cannot and will not defend the indefensible. ‘Since 9 December I have been critical of the Prime Minister’s behaviour and the culture that existed in Number 10. ‘All I can do as a backbencher is speak out and submit a letter.’ David Simmonds: MP for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner Mr Simmons said ‘while the government enjoys public confidence, ‘the prime minister does not’. The MP for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner spoke to the Times newspaper to voice his anger at the partygate scandal. He said: ‘I listened to what the prime minister had to say at prime minister’s questions, his statement and the 1922 Committee yesterday following the publication of the Sue Gray report. “Having reflected on what he said, and the views of constituents and my Conservative Association, it is clear that while the government and our policies enjoy the confidence of the public the prime minister does not. ‘Accordingly, it is time for him to step down so that new leadership can take forward the important work of the government in ensuring that our people and country prosper.’ John Baron: MP for Basildon and Billericay The most serious charge against the British leader is that of ‘knowingly misleading Parliament,’ he said today. Mr Baron admitted he can ‘no longer give the prime minister the benefit of the doubt’ over the ‘shameful pattern of misbehaviour’. He said: ‘Given the scale of rule-breaking in No 10, I can not accept that the Prime Minister was unaware. ‘Having always said I would consider all the available evidence before deciding, I’m afraid the Prime Minister no longer enjoys my support – I can no longer give him the benefit of the doubt.’ ‘Parliament is the beating heart of our nation. To knowingly mislead it cannot be tolerated, no matter the issue.’ Tobias Ellwood: MP for Bournemouth East The former minister said back in February that it was ‘time for the prime minister to take a grip’. He had urged Mr Johnson to call a confidence vote himself, rather than wait for the ‘inevitable’. Mr Ellwood also said the partygate scandal was distracting from Britain’s response to major issues such as the war in Ukraine. ‘This is just horrible for all MPs to continuously have to defend this to the British public,’ he told Sky News. ‘And the question now is for all of us, is the prime minister, the best person to lead the party moving forward?’ Karen Bradley: MP for Staffordshire Moorlands The former culture secretary put herself in Mr Johnson’s shoes in responding to the partygate scandal. Ms Bradley said politicians ‘lose the right to promote’ British values if standards are not enforced. She said: ‘I am proud of the British values of democracy, individual liberty, mutual respect, tolerance and the rule of law and have been privileged to promote those values around the world as an MP and during my time as a government minister. ‘But we will lose the right to promote those values if we do not uphold them ourselves. ‘I do wish to make it clear that if I had been a minister found to have broken the laws that I passed, I would be tendering my resignation now.’ Craig Whittaker: MP for Calder Valley Mr Whittaker took aim at Mr Johnson and at Rishi Sunak over their partygate fines. The MP – who previously has been a staunch supporter of the prime minister – said both should ‘do the right thing’ and step down. Speaking during a Facebook Questions and Answers session, he said: ‘I not only think that the Prime Minister should resign but I also think that Rishi Sunak should resign as well. ‘Through this whole process it hasn’t been particularly clear that the Prime Minister broke any rules until of course he’s been issued with a fixed penalty notice this week.’ Steve Baker: MP for Wycombe in Buckinghamshire The influential Tory backbencher said Mr Johnson would be ‘long gone’ if he was in any other job after breaking Covid rules. Speaking in the Commons, Mr Baker said the apology from the prime minister ‘only lasted as long as it took to get out of the headmaster’s study’. He added: ‘That’s not good enough for me, and that’s not good enough for my voters. ‘I have to acknowledge that if the Prime Minister occupied any other office of senior responsibility… he would be long gone.’ ‘Really, the prime minister should just know that the gig is up.’ Dr Neil Hudson: MP for Penrith and the Borders While Dr Hudson didn’t exactly call for Mr Johnson’s resignation, he did describe his actions as ‘untenable.’ In April, he said: ‘I will not defend the indefensible and I fully share the country’s outrage and upset when people up and down the land were making huge personal and sometimes tragic sacrifices to do the right thing and obey the public health rules. ‘We need quickly to get clarity and full transparency as to what happened. ‘Again, if rules have been broken then quite rightly there should be serious consequences.’ Mark Harper: MP for the Forest of Dean This MP’s decision to send a letter of no confidence to Mr Johnson came after years as a dedicated Conservative voter. He said: ‘I have formally submitted a letter of no confidence in the prime minister to Sir Graham Brady MP. ‘This was not an easy decision for me – I have been a member of the Conservative party since I was 17 years old and will remain in the party I love until my dying day.’ He added Mr Johnson was ‘no longer worthy’ to lead. The former Tory chief whip made the damning intervention on the first day that the prime minister appeared in the Commons following his fine for breaking his own Covid laws. Sir Roger Gale: MP for North Thanet Veteran Tory MP Sir Roger Gale has gone back and forth with his support for Mr Johnson since details of the scandal emerged. Two days ago however, he firmly accused the Conservative leader of ‘misleading’ the public. He told Times Radio: ‘It’s absolutely clear that there was a party, that he attended it, that he was raising a toast to one of his colleagues. And therefore, he misled us from the dispatch box. ‘And, honourably, there is one answer.’ Following the publication of Sue Gray’s report yesterday, Sir Gale said he stood by his statement. Nigel Mills: MP for Amber Valley The Amber Valley MP was quick to call for the prime minister’s resignation in April. Mr Mills said people were ‘rightly angry’ that the prime minister did not have the ‘decency or sense’ to follow his own Covid rules while they did and that his position was now ‘untenable’. He told BBC Radio Derby: ‘In all conscience I don’t think a prime minister can survive or should survive breaking the rules he put in place and he was on the TV every few nights reminding us all that we should observe. ‘We have to have higher standards than that of people at the top. ‘He has been fined, I don’t think his position is tenable, in my view.’ Julian Sturdy: MP for York Outer Mr Sturdy said it was ‘in the public interest’ for the prime minister to quit following the publication of the Sue Gray report. While many Conservatives had already called on Mr Johnson to quit over the scandal, Mr Sturdy was the first do so since the report was published. The York Outer MP withdrew his support while the prime minister was meeting with backbenchers. In a statement, Mr Sturdy said: ‘Talking to constituents, it is clear discussions about parties in Downing Street remain a damaging distraction at a time when our country faces massive challenges with war returning in Europe, a global cost of living crisis, and our recovery from the pandemic being more important than ever.’ Tim Loughton: MP for East Worthing The East Worthing MP received huge levels of correspondence from his constituents when news of the scandal first broke. In a lengthy Facebook post, in February he said his Conservative leader should resign. He wrote: ‘I have regretfully come to the conclusion that Boris Johnson’s position is now untenable, that his resignation is the only way to bring this whole unfortunate episode to an end and I am working with colleagues to impress that view on Number 10.’ Mr Loughton described how paertygate led to the notion there was ‘one rule for some and another for the rest of us’. He added: ‘That is not acceptable, and I have made it clear all along that if people have broken the law then they need to be held accountable to the law and punished appropriately, wherever it happened and whatever their status.’ Sir Gary Streeter: MP for South West Devon ‘I will focus on serving the residents of South West Devon,’ vowed Sir Streeter when he announced his view on partygate. He submitted a letter in no confidence in the prime minister in February. In a statement on his blog, he wrote: ‘I cannot reconcile the pain and sacrifice of the vast majority of the British public during lockdown with the attitude and activities of those working in Downing Street. ‘Accordingly, I have now submitted a letter seeking a motion of no confidence in the prime minister.’ David Davis: MP for Haltemprice and Howden A speech from Mr Davis became one of the most prominent Conservative revolts since the partygate scandal began. He told the prime minister ‘in the name of God, go.’ In the speech, to the House of Commons in January, he accused Mr Johnson of failing to take responsibility for his actions. The former Brexit secretary said he had spent ‘weeks and months defending the Prime Minister against often angry constituents’, and had ‘reminded them of his success in delivering Brexit, the vaccine and many other things’. Quoting Conservative politician Leo Amery, who famously called on Neville Chamberlain to resign, he said: ‘You’re sadly too long for the good you have done. In the name of God, go.’ Caroline Nokes: MP Romsey and Southampton North ‘The Prime Minister has let my constituents down’ – said the Conservative MP during a  Partygate investigation conducted by BBC’s Panorama. The MP for Romsey and Southampton North was quizzed by Laura Kuenssberg on whether she supported her party leader. She said: ‘I wrote my letter of no confidence a long time ago – I feel the Prime Minister has let down my constituents and I have been 100 per cent consistent with that view. ‘When people write to you, they tell you their background. They tell you things like, “I have always been a Conservative supporter and I’ve voted Conservative in every election since I was 18 years old”. ‘But they’re now saying they can’t do so again because they feel the Prime Minister has let them down.’ Peter Aldous: MP for Waveney It took a ‘great deal of soul-searching’ before Mr Aldous decided the prime minister should resign. He said: ‘I fear that trust in our prime minister – who in many ways is quite a remarkable man – has evaporated, and I do fear that it’s not going to come back. ‘After a great deal of soul-searching, I have reached the conclusion that the prime minister should resign … Whilst I am conscious that others will disagree with me, I believe that this is in the best interests of the country, the government and the Conservative party.’ Following the publication of Sue Gray’s report, the Waveney MP said he ‘stands by’ his comments made earlier in the year. Anthony Mangnall: MP for Totnes Mr Mangall took to Twitter in February to voice his anger at the partygate scandal. The Totnes MP wrote: ‘Standards in public life matter. ‘At this time I can no longer support the PM. His actions and mistruths are overshadowing the extraordinary work of so many excellent ministers and colleagues. ‘I have submitted a letter of no confidence.’ William Wragg: MP for Hazel Grove In April, Mr Wragg used a speech in parliament to praise Boris Johnson on his support for Ukraine. But he then added he ‘cannot reconcile myself to the Prime Minister’s continued leadership of our country and the Conservative Party’. He said he had submitted a letter of no confidence in Mr Johnson in December. The MP added: ‘I say this by means of context so that everyone, particularly my constituents and colleagues, can understand my position without hiding my views with ever more elaborate disguises to those constituents who disagree with me. ‘I appreciate their anger, just as I can. ‘The anger of colleagues, however, say what you mean and mean what you say.’ Sir Nick Gibb: MP for Bognor Regis and Littlehampton Sir Gibb was part of the February wave of Tory MPs who revolted against Mr Johnson. The former schools minister said the prime minister had been ‘inaccurate’ in his statements to the Commons. He said: ‘My constituents are furious about the double standards – imposing harsh and, to my mind, necessary restrictions as we and the world sought to defend ourselves against this new and deadly virus, while at the same time flagrantly disregarding those rules within the fortress of Downing Street.’ He added: ‘To restore trust, we need to change the prime minister.’ Aaron Bell: MP for Newcastle-under-Lyme Mr Bell said he wrote his letter of no confidence following PMQs on January 12, when the prime minister admitted to attending a ‘Bring your own booze’ bash while the nation was in lockdown but claimed he thought it was a ‘work event’. The Brexiteer, who was elected in Newcastle-under-Lyme in 2019, said he was ‘disappointed it had come to this’. He said: ‘The breach of trust that the events in No 10 Downing Street represent, and the manner in which they have been handled, makes his position untenable.’ His statement came days after an emotional moment in the Commons when he asked Johnson if he thought he was a “fool” for following Covid restrictions at his grandmother’s funeral. Christian Wakeford: MP for Bury South Christian Wakeford shocked his former party members in January, when he defected from the Conservatives to Labour over the partygate scandal. The Bury South MP also had sent a letter of no confidence to the Prime Minister. In his resignation latter, Wakeford told the PM: ‘You and the Conservative Party as a whole have shown themselves incapable of offering the leadership and government this country deserves.’ Welcoming him to his benches, opposition leader Sir Keir Starmer said: ‘The Labour Party has changed and so has the Conservative Party. ‘He and anyone else who wants to build a new Britain built on decency, security … is welcomed in my Labour Party.’ U-Turns A number of MPs initially voiced anger at the partygate scandal and publicly denounced Mr Johnson. But they later changed their mind, and withdrew their letters calling for his resignation. They include Douglas Ross, leader of the Scottish Tories, and Andrew Bridgen, MP for North West Leicestershire. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.  