Sarah Everard’s murderer Wayne Couzens will have his prison sentence reviewed at the Court of Appeal today. Senior judges are also set to hear challenges or appeals to the prison sentences of four other high-profile killers – Arthur Labinjo-Hughes’s dad and step-mum, double murderer Ian Stewart and child killer Jordan Monaghan. The special court of five judges will consider how whole-life orders are imposed, although their verdict will not be delivered until a later date. Former Met officer Couzens will attempt to appeal after being told he will die in jail for the kidnap, rape and murder of marketing executive Ms Everard. It marked the first time a whole-life order had been imposed for a single murder of an adult not committed in the course of a terror attack. During sentencing, Lord Justice Fulford said the circumstances of the case were ‘devastating, tragic and wholly brutal’ and were so exceptional that the punishment was warranted. Emma Tustin, 32, was handed a life sentence with a minimum term of 29 years after being found guilty of the murder of Arthur, 6, who suffered an unsurvivable brain injury while in her care. His dad Thomas Hughes is due to appeal against his sentence after being given 21 years in prison for manslaughter. Arthur, whose body was covered in 130 bruises when he went to hospital, was starved, deprived of water, poisoned with salt and beaten. The sentences of both his killers will be challenged by Attorney General Suella Braverman under the unduly lenient sentence scheme. Meanwhile, judges will also consider if Jordan Monaghan’s minimum 40-year term was ‘unduly lenient’ after he murdered two of his children and his new partner. Monaghan, aged 30 at sentence, smothered his 24-day-old daughter Ruby on New Year’s Day 2013 as she slept in her Moses basket. His partner Laura Gray told him their relationship was over eight months later after discovering he owed thousands in gambling debts. The next day he took their 21-month-old son, Logan, to a local swimming pool and smothered him in a cubicle in the changing rooms. Six years after this, he killed his new girlfriend, Evie Adams, 23, with a drug overdose while out on bail, even faking a suicide note from her. Ian Stewart, who was convicted of murdering his first wife six years before he went on to murder his fiancee, is set to appeal against his whole-life order. The family of his second victim, children’s author Helen Bailey, 51, have said he had a ‘licence to kill’ after police missed the murder of Diane Stewart, 47. The hearing before the Lord Chief Justice Lord Burnett, Dame Victoria Sharp, Lord Justice Holroyde, Mr Justice Sweeney and Mr Justice Johnson is due to start on Wednesday at 10.30am. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.