Brunette is the new blonde, or so we’ve heard. Most people who have experience with colouring their hair will know that going from dark to light can take a lot of work, upkeep and, unfortunately, damage. Once you’re over the initial novelty of going lighter, it can be tempting to dye it dark – but this does come with some challenges of its own. ‘There’s also a lot of upkeep with dyed dark hair,’ Stuart Marsh, colour director at Taylor Taylor London, Liberty Salon, tells Metro.co.uk. ‘Being out in the sun can lighten it and shampoos that claim to clarify or volumize your hair could open up the cuticles more which will lead to colour fading.’ He adds that dying your hair from light to dark is a big commitment: ‘It’s hard to go light again once you’ve dyed it dark,’ he says. ‘If you do want to go lighter again you’ll need a lot of sessions in the salon, and it could even take a year to healthily get to where you want.’ Heat can be your worst enemy when you’ve gone from light to dark. Neäl & Wølf founder Neil Capstick, who has 30 years experience in the haircare industry suggests avoiding heat as much as possible. ‘Many people use hot styling tools frequently, which can cause damage and dull your luscious colour,’ he says. ‘Try embracing your hair’s natural texture by giving it a break from the heat. When you do want to use heat on your hair, though, both Neil and Stuart advise using a heat protection spray. ‘After washing, spritz a heat protectant spray onto your strands to form a protective layer over the hair, which seals in moisture to the hair shaft and stops it from drying out,’ says Stuart. ‘This layer stops the hair from getting too hot too quickly and gradually heats up the hair slowly, therefore not creating damage or split ends, helping to keep your end result glossy.’ ‘The simple fact is that the more you wash your coloured hair, the quicker it will fade,’ Neil tells Metro.co.uk. This means leaving a few days in between washing where you can, opting to wash your hair two to three times a week at the most. When you do wash your hair, Neil says you should avoid sulphates (more on that later) and try a gentle cleansing shampoo. And for those days when you’re tempted to wash, invest in a decent dry shampoo to keep your hair feeling fresh. ‘This will strip away any excess oils and leave your hair feeling great,’ Neil adds. It’s imperative you keep your dyed hair hydrated,you risk your hair becoming dry, damaged and dull. ‘At least once a week, lather your locks in a nourishing hair mask to help strengthen your hair,’ says Neil. As well as using a mask, Stuart suggests deep conditioning your hair when you wash it. ‘Deep conditioning your hair using intensely hydrating and colour protecting shampoo and conditioner is a great way to prevent it from drying out and causing damage and split ends,’ he says. Finally, pay attention to the ingredients used in your shampoo and conditioner. ‘Sulphates are a detergent used in many cleaning products, including shampoos, but it causes your colour to fade’ explains Neil. Both Neil and Stuart suggest opting for sulphate- and paraben-free hair products to make sure your colour lasts. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : A guide to Birkin bangs – everything to know about the returning hair trend MORE : Has the pandemic broken the beauty industry? MORE : Fermented skincare is the latest weird beauty trend – here’s why it works and what to try