Household bills are set to go up yet again, with energy companies set to be allowed to charge an extra £800 per year. Ofgem chief executive Jonathan Brearley said the UK energy regulator is expecting an energy price cap in October ‘in the region of £2,800’. The current cap is £1,971, so could mean a rise of over £800 for many – or a 42% increase. It comes after the price cap already rose 54% in April, going up from £1,277 to the current level – an increase of £693 a year. This means energy bills for many would have more than doubled between March and October this year. Around 22 million customer pay for their energy using this price cap. The level is updated twice a year and tracks wholesale energy and other costs. It is intended to stop energy companies from making excessive profits, ensuring customers pay no more than a fair price for their energy. Mr Brearley made his comments to the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee today. He said: ‘I am afraid to say conditions have worsened in the global gas market since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. ‘Gas prices are higher and highly volatile. At times they have now reached over 10 times their normal level. ‘I know this is a very distressing time for customers but I do need to be clear with this committee, with customers and with the government about the likely price implications for October. ‘Therefore later today I will be writing to the Chancellor to give him our latest estimates of the price cap uplift. ‘This is uncertain, we are only part way through the price cap window, but we are expecting a price cap in October in the region of £2,800. He said that the current price changes are a once-in-a-generation event not seen since the oil crisis of the 1970s. And he added that future scenarios could include energy prices going even further up if Russia further disrupted gas supplies. ‘In any conceivable circumstances there would have been supplier failure,’ he said. ‘However, it is clear to me and it is clear to the current Ofgem board that, looking over all of our institution’s history, had financial controls been in place sooner we’d have likely seen fewer suppliers exit the market, and for that on behalf of Ofgem and its board I would like to apologise.’ Money saving expert Martin Lewis, who apologised for losing control when he said Ofgem’s proposed changes were a ‘f***ng disgrace’ earlier this month, responded to today’s announcement. He said: ‘I’m glad he’s been open about this, I asked last week for them to publish forward guidance. This is higher than analysts predictions of £2,600 (both bloody awful though).’ Mr Brearley said he would be writing to Chancellor Rishi Sunak today to inform him of the expected change. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.