A castle that was built for Robert the Bruce’s brother going up for auction – with bids starting at just £149,000. That starting price is enough to bring a tear to the eye of any Londoner. Muness Castle on the Isle of Unst was built in the 15th century for Laurence Bruce of Cultmalindie, the half-brother of the King of Scots who was an unpopular sheriff remembered for oppressing the Shetland people. The castle was set on fire by privateers from Dunkirk in 1627, and, though it was reoccupied afterwards, it was sold by the Bruce family in 1718 and fell into disrepair. Located on an island believed to have inspired Robert Louis Stevenson’s novel ‘Treasure Island’, it also happens to be the most northerly castle in Britain. The castle comes with 160 acres and a collection of largely derelict cottages, and for the time being, seals, dolphins and puffins are your closest neighbours at the local village is 3km away. As if that’s not enough to be getting on with, the castle also comes with a baronial title and gold mineral rights. The Grade A listed castle will be sold by Future Property Auctions on May 5 after a sale was attempted last week, but the owners revealed the sale didn’t go through. Owner Gavin Farquhar, who owns Ecclesgreig Estate at St Cyrus, Aberdeenshire, bought Muness Castle for £65,000 in 2014, according to reports. He’d planned to open a tourism business at the castle, but said he is no longer interested in the idea given Scottish Government policies on rates and empty building taxes. Historic Environment Scotland maintains the castle, which has been described as a ‘splendid example’ of tower house architecture. Gavin said: ‘We have had some pretty serious people interested. ‘It was an interesting opportunity for us, and we wanted to run a tourism venture on the estate, but we have zero interest in doing that now.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Creepy property listing shows off home with Michael Myers lurking in photos MORE : New transport links are making Acton, west London, a property hotspot MORE : Mum transforms kitchen in rented property into contemporary space for less than £100