There’s nothing like a classic William Morris print. Always distinguishable and always full of character, his prints hold a firm place in design history. Even a century on from his death, the designs are still loved and widely used. His work was inspired by English gardens and hedgerows, which feels suitably springtime appropriate, and now you can get these works in the form of lampshades. Lighting brand Pooky has collaborated with Morris & Co to create a stunning set of lampshades featuring five prints from the William Morris archives, across eight colourways. The collection features pleated silk and linen, as well as velvet trimming. Rohan Blacker, Pooky’s founder, said there were plenty of prints from the archives to select from for the new collection. ‘Picking out patterns from [Morris & Co’s] seemingly endless library of designs was like letting small children lose in a heritage sweet shop and keeping to a small shortlist was agony! ‘But we’re so pleased with the final result, which is Morris & Co through and through – undoubtedly beautiful and very, very classy.’ Available across a range of sizes, these are just some of the ones you can shop. Get it for £82. Put this in a hallway to add a cherry pop of colour. Get it for £142. Keep it subdued with this blue hue that has a vintage edge. Get it for £89. This is a popular one and has nearly sold out – which seems right, given how antiqued this feels. Get it for £73. This sage colour will go with a variety of neutrals, adding a cool-grandma vibe to a room. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Etsy reveals the most popular home décor trends for 2022 – from statement mirrors to textured lampshades MORE : How to paint your own abstract mural on your walls to add some interest to your interiors MORE : Cornish stately home built in 1700s has a stunning Bridgerton-esque interior