We’re bracing ourselves for a big week ahead – as the bumper bank holiday is fast-approaching. So it’s likely next weekend will be filled with BBQs, picnics and garden parties galore – kicking summer off to a great start. If you’re hosting people soon and are looking to take the stress out of making drinks, it could be time for you to consider a pre-mixed option. There are so many pre-made cocktails on the high street – so you needn’t panic about creating a perfectly-mixed beverage for guests. Available in bottles, boxes and pouches, these pre-mixed options give you more time to spend with friends and family, rather than in the kitchen. Many of them simply need to be shaken and then poured over ice – for a delicious drink every time. And there’s something for everyone – no matter what your cocktail of choice. We’ve rounded up some of our favourites on the high street, from the likes of The Bottle Club, Majestic, Tesco and more – with prices starting from £10. So you can get organised ahead of your summer hosting plans. Load up your cupboards or drinks trolley with these easy options. Buy it now from PrezzyBox for £9.99 Buy it now from Cocktail Crates for £46.99 Buy it now from Drinks Supermarket for £14.99 Buy it now from Drinks Supermarket for £14.99 Buy it now from The Bottle Club for £27.99 Buy it now from The Bottle Club for £21.99 Buy it now from Tesco for £13 Buy it now from Sainsbury’s for £10 Buy it now from Majestic for £22 Buy it now from Amazon for £22 This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : You can now buy Percy Pig ice cube trays – just in time for summer MORE : How to order your free Platinum Jubilee pack to celebrate Her Majesty’s 70 years MORE : These are the best alcoholic tipples to sip at your Jubilee party