What could have been a sophisticated stag party on a Worcestershire waterway turned to disaster after the men managed to sink the rented boat. The men hired three narrowboats to sail down Droitwich Canal, but by the next morning, one barge was abandoned and another was submerged in the water. It is believed the stag do went downhill when the party struggled to operate both the paddles and locks, leading to one of the barges sinking. A second boat was involved in a crash and then abandoned, before the group continued the voyage on a third. Were you on the stag party? Get in touch at webnews@metro.co.uk Another boatsman claims the stag party’s barge hit her boat at around 10pm on Friday night, prompting her to call the police. ‘I was extremely frightened by the events. These guys were incapable of being in charge of a 65ft narrowboat,’ she told Worcester News. ‘ABC Boat Hire had let three narrowboats for a stag party. One sank in a lock after mooring it in, one went elsewhere on the canal system, and the third hit me.’ Canal volunteers spent much of their Saturday retrieving the sunken boat to allow the waterway to reopen to the boat traffic. The Canals and River Trust were first notified of a situation regarding flooding on a nearby road at 9.30pm on Friday evening, and then again at 10.15pm about misuse at the locks in Droitwich Canal. It has launched an investigation into what happened, adding it was relieved that nobody suffered any injuries. ‘I think it was a stag party and there were three boats. One was the one that got into trouble and that was because they didn’t operate the locks and the paddles properly, so ultimately their boat got stuck,’ a spokesperson said. ‘We are relieved that there have been no injuries or anything worse.’ ABC Boat Hire, which owns the vessels, said full handovers were carried out at the marina before the stag party set off. It confirmed the group had been removed from the other boats and no one was hurt. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.