Harry Styles halted his performance after he noticed a fan in distress during his sold out London show. The Adore You singer, 28, took to the stage at the O2 Academy Brixton on Tuesday night where he performed tracks from his acclaimed new album Harry’s House. As he sang his hit 2017 single Sign Of The Times, Harry stopped midway to check if the audience member was okay, and asked fans to ‘split, make a pathway down, please’ so help could reach them. Addressing the rest of the crowd, he asked: ‘Everyone else good? You okay?’ The concerned musician added: ‘We’re going to keep going if everyone feels good.’ While singing his pop rock ballad, Harry also brandished a Ukraine flag, and later brought out a Pride rainbow flag in support of the LGBTQ+ community. Elsewhere during the gig, Harry offered some words of wisdom to a fan after she revealed her boyfriend cheated on her. After noticing Jess’s sign, Harry addressed the audience, saying: ‘This sign says, I might paraphrase, “My boyfriend slept with my best friend,” and then it says, “Boyfriends suck.”.’ Harry asked Jess what her boyfriend’s name was, to which she responded Luke. ‘It’s a sh*t name anyway,’ the singer replied. ‘Not going to lie Jess, that’s brutal, what I will say is, you’re better off without him. The 13-track album features the chart-topping lead single As It Was, with John Mayer on lead guitar on the songs Cinema and Daydreaming. Speaking about the record, he said: ‘I think everyone went through a big moment of self-reflection, a lot of navel-gazing, and I don’t know if there’s anything more navel-gazing than making an album. It’s so self-absorbed.’ He added to Better Homes & Gardens: ‘It sounds like the biggest, and the most fun, but it’s by far the most intimate.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Harry Styles tells fan she’s better off without cheating boyfriend at special London show MORE : Harry Styles sends fans into meltdown as he makes CBeebies Bedtime Story debut: ‘Tell me why I’m tearing up’ 