Everyone loves an excuse for a themed party, and we can’t think of a better way to celebrate the Platinum Jubilee weekend than with these supermarket one off jubilee treats. When else are you going to be able to buy a Corgi Cake from Morrisons, or a HRH (Honey Roast Ham) Giant Sausage Roll from M&S? It’s got to be done, so here is the ultimate list of what to buy to make your jubilee gathering extra memorable: A limited-edition flavour based on coronation chicken. Catch these untilthe end of August. Buy them for £2.30 for 150g from Waitrose. Taste testers say these are a huge hit with children too – but heat them for a full, delicious flavour hit. Buy it for £2.65 for four from Sainsbury’s. Forget Colin The Caterpillar – does the Queen have a corgi called Clarence? That detail won’t stop us tucking into this delicious treat. Buy it for £6 in store from Morrisons. It’s Jubilee, so a fun twist on a classic! This has a punchy coronation filling based on the classic recipe devised back in 1953 for the coronation luncheon. Basically – just share ’em out! Buy it for £2 for 12 in store from Morrisons. Light vanilla-flavoured sponge cakes with a red, white and blue theme to celebrate the Queen. But it for £2.25 for nine from Tesco. If you’ve six hungry mouths to feed, look no further than this moreish sausage roll – but take a picture of the HRH before you slice in. Buy it for £10 for 550g in store from Marks & Spencer. There are always eclairs on offer at Buckingham Palace tea parties – fact. And these fondant ones are delish. Buy it for £2 for two from Tesco. Who knew that cake mix came in a bottle – and who knew that creating delicious cakes for 12 could be such fun? A clever idea and one with a conscience: no palm oil is used and a tree is planted for every bottle purchased. Buy it for £10.99 from The Bottled Baking Co. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. MORE : From Elizabeefan burgers to royal tipples, the best Jubilee menus out now MORE : Try this vegan-friendly trifle recipe to enjoy on the Platinum Jubilee MORE : Everything you need to buy for the ultimate Platinum Jubilee party