Grime artist Stormzy said he was ‘nervous’ about attending his first ever Met Gala but was looking forward ‘taking it all in’ as he wowed on the red carpet. The rapper, who has his third album dropping later this year, looked resplendent in an all-white Burberry three-piece wool suit with satin lapels and a matching white cape, designed by Riccardo Tisci, which he paired with black patent leather shoes. Posing on the red carpet, Stormzy looked sombre but confident as he posed with his hands clasped in front of him as he made his debut at the glitzy annual event. Although totally bossing the top-tier formal White Tie dress code, the chart-topper admitted it was not quite his usual look or colour. ‘Usually I wear all black a lot of the time… so it’s nice to shine today. ‘I am nervous, it’s crazy like, it’s a lot different but it’s amazing, I’m just going to embrace it,’ he told Vogue on the event’s red carpet. ‘It’s a lot different when you see them on the telly, so I’m just going to get some selfies, have a little drink and chill out and take it all in.’ The Met Gala famously has a no selfie rule, with a banning of social media in place since 2015. However, it’s a rule that has been flouted rather obviously – certainly for bathroom selfies – and as the Vossi Bop singer famously deleted his Instagram and Twitter accounts in 2020, he will be able to fly under the radar more so than others with his snaps. The Brit Award winner is said to have approached a whole host of high-profile names to appear in his comeback music video, including David Beckham, Gordon Ramsay and Louis Theroux, who he met through an upcoming BBC celebrity interview series. Elsewhere at Monday’s Met Gala, the KarJenners were out in full force, with Kylie Jenner in a divisive bridal-esque gown and baseball cap, Kim Kardashian in an historic Marilyn Monroe gown, and Kourtney Kardashian and fiancé Travis Barker in matching skirts and reliably all tongue on the red carpet. Co-chairs Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds also dazzled as early arrivals, with the Gossip Girl star’s dress’s rose gold and copper dress bow dramatically unfurling to reveal a pale blue (second) train. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nobody enjoyed Dave’s Coachella performance more than Stormzy who had a blast rapping in the crowd MORE : Pete Davidson giddy as he leaves hotel with Kim Kardashian after attending first Met Gala together 