Countryfile presenter Helen Skelton is one of the favourites to be lined up for the next series of Strictly Come Dancing, according to reports. The former Blue Peter presenter, who recently split with her husband Richie Myler after eight years of marriage, is a favourite of Strictly bosses as they recruit the next batch of celebs to appear in the ballroom. Last year saw the likes of soap star Rose Ayling-Ellis, who took home the glitterball with Giovanni Pernice, BBC Breakfast’s Dan Walker and TV cook John Whaite. Helen has already appeared on Strictly before, during the 2012 festive special where she jived along to All I Want For Christmas with pro Artem Chigvintsev. ‘Helen has been on the Strictly wishlist since she did the Christmas special, but the timing has never been quite right for her to sign up,’ an insider told The Sun. Helen had relocated to France in 2015 for three years, during which her rugby-husband was playing there, and has taken time off for three pregnancies. The source added: ‘There was also the suggestion that Richie wasn’t sure about her taking part. ‘But this year, the bosses feel the situation might be different.’ Helen, 38, announced on Instagram that she had split from Richie, 31, last month. ‘Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children,’ she wrote in her Instagram stories on April 26. The presenter later ditched her wedding ring in a sponsored advert she posted to her social media. Helen and Richie were married for eight years and share three children; Ernie, six, Louis, four, and a baby daughter Elsie Kate who was born in December. Richie has not publicly commented on the split but is reported to have started a new relationship with the daughter of the president of his rugby club Leeds Rhinos. Metro.co.uk reached out to the BBC who declined to comment, and has contacted Helen Skelton’s representatives for comment. Strictly Come Dancing returns to BBC One later this year. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Aljaz Skorjanec sets sights on Hollywood stardom following series exit: ‘I’m trying to get my foot in the door’ MORE : Strictly Come Dancing 2022: Gino D’Acampo eyed-up to compete in new series for ‘universal appeal’ 