Asda is offering 10% discounts for shoppers to help ease the cost of living crisis, but only for certain professions. The offer applies to food and soft drinks, George clothing, homeware, toys, gifts and and items from its opticians. If you work in the NHS, emergency services, social services, social care sector or Armed Forces, you can knock 10% off by showing your Blue Light Card at the till. Since 2008, key workers have been able to get discounts at many shops by signing up for the card. With inflation hitting a 40-year high of 9%, Asda’s deal won’t save you quite as much as it appears, but people still need all the help they can get at the moment. Asda’s chief people and corporate affairs officer Hayley Tatum said: ‘Family budgets are under huge pressure right now – with our Income Tracker showing household incomes down by £16 per week in March and set to fall further. ‘Bringing back the Blue Light discount and removing the qualifying period for our own colleague discount are additional ways we can support our customers and colleagues, alongside our ongoing efforts to reduce prices and invest in our colleague pay.’ Tom Dalby, CEO at Blue Light Card, said: ‘We are really proud to be working with ASDA. With the cost of living on the rise, I hope this exclusive 10% discount helps families and individuals across the UK on everything from the big food shop to new school clothes. ‘Asda has always done so much to show its appreciation to NHS staff and other frontline workers, and this partnership will support millions of blue light workers in the country.”’ It comes after Iceland introduced a deal for over 60s, offering 10% off products on  Tuesdays. The offer also applies to sister shop The Food Warehouse and will be introduced from May 24. Iceland managing director Richard Walker said: ‘The cost of living crisis has made support for these customers even more important, which is why I’m proud that we’re finding new ways to support them, including the launch of this discount. ‘We hope it will help all those in this age category to cut costs where they can.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.