Australian TV host Erin Jayne Plummer, known for presenting advertorials on Studio 10 and shopping channel TVSN, has died ‘suddenly’ at the age of 42. The star’s death was announced by her co-presenters, Studio 10’s Sarah Harris and Angela Bishop. ‘We’ve got some really sad news to share this morning,’ Sarah began. ‘Over the weekend, Studio 10 lost a bit of its sparkle with our friend and advertorial host Erin Jayne passing away suddenly. ‘For two decades, Erin Jayne’s been a friendly and familiar face on Australian telly and for a lot of that, she’s been brightening up our mornings with her bubbly personality and mega-watt smile.’ They went on to share a montage of some of Plummer’s best moments on the channel. Sarah continued: ‘Erin was just a gorgeous human inside and out, and if it wasn’t for TV, perhaps Erin may have had a sporting career. ‘She represented Australia in synchronised swimming and even surf life saving, and there’s no question that Erin Jayne was a high achiever, and certainly a gold-medal mum to her three young girls.’ She concluded: ‘We’ll miss your sunshine around the studio, Erin Jayne, and all of us here are sending lots of love and strength to her family. You’ll be very missed.’ The star is survived by her husband and three daughters. A cause of death has not been confirmed. Plummer also hosted instructional exercise series Aerobics Oz Style for six years. It aired from 1982 to 2005 and had an audience of 10million at its peak. As well as her presenting work, Plummer was an accomplished synchronised swimmer. She represented Australia at three world championships and won 11 national titles. However, she was best known for hosting advertorials, making appearances on Studio 10, TVSN, Mornings with Kerri-Anne and The Morning Show. She promoted various products, and also lent her voice to voiceovers for TV. MORE : Countryfile star Helen Skelton snuggles up to baby girl after making TV comeback following split from ex-husband Richie Myler MORE : Piers Morgan gloats over Uncensored’s small ratings boost… after calling TV audiences ‘increasingly irrelevant’ 