Vladimir Putin’s protégé and leader of the Chechen Republic, has threatened to attack Poland in retaliation for its support of Ukraine. Ramzan Kadyrov is one of Putin’s strongest supporters and frequently refers to himself as the president’s ‘foot soldier’. The leader has frequently shared his criticisms of the West in bold statements on social media, particularly Instagram. Now he has turned his attention to Poland, which has been one of Ukraine’s strongest allies since Russia invaded the nation on February 24. It has pushed for a European Union wide ban on Russian oil and imports and has welcomed thousands of refugees who have fled the war. ‘Ukraine is a done deal. What I’m interested in is Poland,’ Kadyrov said in a video message on Monday. ‘What is Poland trying to achieve? Once Ukraine is done, we can show you what we’re capable of in six seconds if there is an order.’ Kadyrov also demanded an apology for an incident in Warsaw earlier this month which saw red paint thrown over the Russan ambassador Sergey Andreev as he attempted to lay flowers at the Soviet military cemetery. ‘You better take away your weapons and your mercenaries and officially apologise to our ambassador,’ he added. Kadyrov’s troops have been accused of committing war crimes in Ukraine. The leader himself has been repeatedly accused of human rights abuses by the United States and EU, which he denies. Chechen forces were known to be at the siege of Mariupol and were said to be among occupying forces who killed civilians in the suburbs of Kyiv. Kadyrov has been known to follow his troops on excursions, although he has denied taking part in any extrajudicial killings. He also reportedly deployed an elite hit squad to assassinate the Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelensky at the outbreak of the invasion. However, the group was ‘eliminated’ by Ukrainian forces, officials said. Kadyrov’s antagonistic comments come as Mr Zelensky has urged the West up its support of his nation and impose tougher sanctions on Russia. Mr Zelensky’s criticism of the West has mounted in recent days as the EU drags its heels on a possible Russian oil embargo and Putin’s troops up their offensive on the cities of Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk. Russia is currently trying to consolidate control of the industrial eastern Donbas region, where it has backed a separatist revolt since 2014. Western military analysts see the battle for Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk as a possible turning point in the war after a shift in momentum towards Russia following the surrender of Mariupol last week. Russian forces are currently trying to encircle Ukrainian forces in Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk. If the two cities straddling the Siverskiy Donets river fall, nearly all of the Donbas province of Luhansk would be under Russian control. Russia’s Donbas advance has been backed by massive artillery bombardment. Ukraine’s military said 50 towns in the Donetsk and Luhansk provinces were shelled on Thursday. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.