Two ‘drunken and entitled’ louts have been jailed after they beat to death a taxi driver who asked them not to eat a burger in his vehicle. Ali Ashgar, 39, suffered catastrophic head injuries after he was punched in the head by Connor McPartland, 20 and Martin Treacy, 18. The pair then continued to kick him while he lay defenceless on the ground. Mr Ashgar was admitted to hospital before dying two weeks later. The murder took place during the early hours of October 30 and last week both defendants were convincted by a jury at Manchester Crown Court. The court heard how McPartland and Treacy ordered an Uber to take them from Oldham town centre to Rochdale. Treacy began eating a burger during the middle of the journey and swore at Mr Ashgar when he asked him to stop eating. The pair then launched an attack against Mr Ashgar when he pulled up outside a petrol garage in Queensway, Rochdale. At a sentencing hearing today, the victim’s younger brother, Azhar Ali, said he initially walked past his sibling as he lay on a stretcher in the hospital corridor. He said: ‘Ali’s face was unrecognisable from the bloodied facial injuries he had sustained. It was only as I passed his shoes that I recognised these as belonging to my brother.’ He told the court his brother was from Pakistan and had left the country in 2009. Mr Asghar was an economics graduate and worked delivering leaflets before working in McDonald’s and then qualified to work in security. He worked ‘extreme hours’ to financially support his family back at home which included going on to gain his taxi licence. His brother said: ‘Every day my mum tortures herself for agreeing to let Ali go to the UK and the fact that he worked so hard to give his parents and family a better life. ‘Ali never reached an age where he could reap the rewards of his hard work spending his life dedicated to his family. ‘Ali was a selfless individual who lived for others and never hesitated to offer his help and support where he could. ‘In the lowest of times, he could cheer anybody up and put a smile on their face with his lovely nature and sense of humour.’ Sentencing, Judge Alan Conrad QC told the defendants: ‘Ali Asghar had the misfortune to meet you two, a pair of drunken, entitled louts. ‘A decent hard-working man, he was a credit to those close to him and society in general. ‘The attack upon him followed a dispute for which he was in no way to blame. You both attacked him and both bear equal responsibility for the violence and the consequences. ‘This was a savage and sustained attack. You left him lying on the ground with dreadful injuries and you both ran off and started to plan your cover-up.’ McPartland, of Oldham, was sentenced to a minimum of 14 years and six months. Treacy, also of Oldham, who admitted manslaughter but denied murder, was handed a minimum of 13 years and six months. The pair plan to use their time in custody to ‘learn and improve’. Following sentencing, senior investigating officer Phil Reade, from Greater Manchester Police, said: ‘The senseless actions of Treacy and McPartland that morning were utterly despicable and led to a family losing a much-loved son and brother. ‘These two men are clearly violent individuals and I am relieved that they are now off our streets and have time to think about their actions and the hurt and sorrow they have caused.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.