Ukraine’s commentator for Eurovision 2022 has revealed a special bunker has been built to ensure the country’s broadcast can continue no matter what, even if there’s an air raid alert. On Tuesday night, Timur Miroshnychenko commented from a special bunker as Ukraine’s entry Kalush Orchestra flew into the live finals this weekend, receiving a standing ovation and becoming runaway favourites to win Eurovision 2022. Appearing on BBC Radio 5 Live, Miroshnychenko stressed why it was so vital, more than ever, Ukraine’s broadcast of Eurovision goes ahead seamlessly when the country needs hope and joy. ‘Right now I’m in a hotel which is ok because there’s no air raids,’ he said. ‘We’ve prepared a special commentary bunker because you never know when the air raids alerts start. That’s why we are under the ground and we are ready for everything – nothing will interrupt the broadcasting of Eurovision.’ ‘But now we’re trying to catch any peaceful moment,’ he continued. ‘For Ukrainians we love the Eurovision Song Contest and it’s very important for us even right now, even if for two hours in the evening, all if all of us can hold a peaceful life.’ While Graham Norton will no doubt bring his scathing quips with him to the UK’s Eurovision commentary box this year, Miroshnychenko said he will be adopting a more emotive tone to his broadcast. ‘Of course, inside me and every Ukrainian right now you can find a special mix of emotions and that’s reflected in the manner of commentating,’ he explained. ‘You might not find as many jokes as usual, you will hear some very loud emotions. It will be more strict but very homely.’ While it’s unlikely anyone will beat Kalush Orchestra to the big prize on Saturday night, Miroshnychenko is a big fan of UK entry Sam Ryder, who is actually – unbelievably – among the favourites to win. ‘He’s wonderful,’ said Miroshnychenko. ‘I saw him yesterday during dress rehearsal and he’s really good. If not Ukraine I think UK will win this year.’ Eurovision Song Contest airs Saturday night at 8pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 