Are you sick of tired tiles and boring shades of blue in your bathroom? It’s an easy room to forget about when decorating your home, but it’s important to be able to pamper yourself in a relaxing space. But no fret, you don’t have to sell your car to be able to do it. We’ve got you covered. Here are the best budget-happy bathroom updates of 2022 that won’t clean you out. Instead of splurging on a brand new bathroom, upgrade a lacklustre space with these fabulous vinyl floors in vibrant patterns and bold hues. We’re hitting the refresh button right now. Buy it for £53.95 per sqm from For The Floor & More and on the Ownable app. Add a touch of animal magic to the bathroom with this quirky, vintage-inspired monkey toilet roll holder. Our sort of monkey business. Buy it for £32 from Fy! and on the Ownable app. Take the plunge with this botanical bath tea blending calendula, rose and ginger for a super-relaxing soak. Brew the tea on the stove and pour into the bathwater. Bliss. Buy it for £15 from Wild Vanilla Studios and on the Ownable app. The terrazzo trend is here to stay and these cool, zig zag soap dishes, made from eco-friendly jesmonite, are stylish for shampoo and soap bars. Buy it for £20 from Lime Lace and on the Ownable app. Say bye bye bulky towels with this cool, eco-friendly bath range made from a recycled material that’s thick but lightweight and quick drying. Pair with a matching hair turban for the ultimate spa-at-home mood. Buy it for £42 from Dock & Bay and on the Ownable app. Is there anything sweeter than this strawberry-shaped bath mat? We think not. Chuck in your supermarket trolley on your next food shop and pretend it’s one of your five-a-day. Buy it for £10 from George at Asda and on the Ownable app. Declutter the decks with a set of handy wire baskets. Stack on a shelf or pop inside a cupboard for a simple way to bring back store and order. Buy it for £39 from Mustard and on the Ownable app. Cut plastic waste from the bathroom by filling these amber glass bottles with all your lotions and potions. A smart switch for a cleaner world. Buy it for £14 each from Not A Boring Box and on the Ownable app. Cancel your plans, it’s time to kick back and indulge in a spa day at home. Hang up this bold, graphic print in the bathroom and never forget the power of R&R. Enjoy. Buy it for £18 from Fy! and on the Ownable app. Zoflora fans get ready to gasp. These new antibacterial cleaning wipes will leave you with a clean conscience and a clean house as they are made from 100 per cent plant fibres so plastic-free and biodegradable. Buy it for £2.50 from Home Bargains, in store only. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : People share how they transformed their bathrooms on a budget using DIY MORE : DIY mum transforms ‘boring’ bathroom in one day for just £28 MORE : How to change your bathroom taps in just six steps