Ronnie O’Sullivan is the current favourite to win the BBC’s Sports Personality of the Year award this year, but insists that he will never win the prize. The Rocket won his seventh World Championship title at the Crucible on Monday night, equalling Stephen Hendry’s record for triumphs in snooker’s greatest event. He also became the oldest player to win the title at 46 years old and cemented his position as the best to ever pick up a snooker cue. Certainly a strong contender to win the long-running prize, O’Sullivan does not fancy his chances at all, having only ever made the shortlist of nominations once before, in 2020. That was as well as the Rocket has ever done in SPOTY, never cracking the top three in any year, which seems quite incredible for one of Britain’s finest sportsmen of all time. ‘I won’t ever get that one,’ said O’Sullivan, of the BBC award. ‘I don’t know why. I don’t think I’ll be in the hunt. ‘It’s not one I want to win. I’m not bothered about awards, trophies or accolades. I just want to enjoy my life, be happy and have some peace. We’re not here forever so it’s about being content.’ O’Sullivan is back at the top of snooker, reigning as world champion and world number one once again, so there seems little reason to think he will be retiring any time soon. He reckons he can still be winning matches at the Crucible for another 10 years, although his chances of actually lifting the World Championship title might have gone by then. ‘I could probably play to my mid-fifties if I wanted to,’ he said. ‘I could probably pitch up and maybe win one or two matches in my mid-fifties but I’d have no chance of winning it. ‘I don’t need the money. If I’m enjoying it and having fun with it then I’ll play as long as I want to play.’ MORE : Ronnie O’Sullivan sets himself a minimum of two more World Snooker Championship campaigns MORE : ‘Probably not wise’ – Ronnie O’Sullivan believes worth with Zhao Xintong will lead to World Championship title For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 