Anyone who has multiple sexual partners, or who has ‘close contact with individuals that they don’t know’, has been urged to be vigilant about monkeypox. The virus, which causes sores and can lead to serious illness, is spreading in the UK with more cases expected to be confirmed after the weekend. A senior doctor has said that anyone developing a rash after being in contact with another should get themselves checked out. The illness is not exclusively spread via sexual contact, but as it can be transmitted through touching someone who has the sores, this has so far been a key way of it being transmitted. It may also be spread via respiratory droplets, for example if a person is face to face with someone infected, or from touching a towel or bedsheets used by someone infected. Dr Susan Hopkins, a chief medical adviser for The UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), said: ‘We would recommend to anyone who’s having changes in sex partners regularly, or having close contact with individuals that they don’t know, to come forward if they develop a rash.’ She said the disease is now spreading from person to person within the UK, and not only found in those who had travelled abroad. So far, there have been 20 confirmed cases in the UK with nine other countries outside of Central and West Africa also reporting outbreaks. Belgium became the first country to introduce a mandatory quarantine of three weeks for those infected, to try and stop the spread. The disease was first found in monkeys and is related to the virus which causes smallpox, however it is usually milder. Dr Hopkins said cases have so far predominantly been identified in individuals who self-identify as gay or bisexual or men who have sex with other men. Asked why it is being found in that demographic, she said: ‘That’s because of the frequent close contacts they may have.’ Speaking to BBC One’s Morning Show, Dr Hopkins said: ‘We will be releasing updated numbers tomorrow – over-the-weekend figures. ‘We are detecting more cases on a daily basis and I’d like to thank all of those people who are coming forward for testing to sexual health clinics, to the GPs and emergency department.’ Asked if people will need to get vaccinated for the infection, she said: ‘There is no direct vaccine for monkeypox but we are using a form of smallpox vaccine – a third-generation, smallpox vaccine that’s safe in individuals who are contacts of cases. ‘So, we’re not using it in the general population. ‘We’re using it in individuals who we believe are at high risk of developing symptoms and using it early, particularly within four or five days of the case developing symptoms. ‘For contacts, (this) reduces your risk of developing disease, so that’s how we’re focusing our vaccination efforts at this point.’ It comes as US president Joe Biden said that recent cases of monkeypox which have been identified in Europe and the United States are something ‘to be concerned about’. In his first public comments on the disease, Mr Biden added: ‘It is a concern in that if it were to spread it would be consequential.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.