The UK data watchdog has accused police forces of treating rape victims ‘like suspects’ by ‘excessively’ trawling through their personal lives. Victims are ‘being told to hand over extraordinary amounts of information’ such as medical records, social services files and school reports, according to a new report by the information commissioner, John Edwards. Some forces are carrying out phone analysis in a way that amounts to a ‘digital strip search’, he added. It comes after the government ordered detectives to slash the amount of time they keep victims’ phones for forensics. Mr Edwards said forces must also be stopped from using such data in ‘distressing ways’, such as challenging victims’ claims if there are explicit images unrelated to their report. Their trauma ‘can be further amplified’ as a result, his report continued, adding: ‘Victims are being treated as suspects, and people feel re-victimised by a system they expect to support them. Excessive data searches were said to be happening at a ‘more-than-trivial rate’ around the country, making people feel ‘re-victimised’. A campaigner against sexual violence who made a rape report that was not prosecuted said she ‘didn’t feel comfortable’ with her information ‘sitting in a police cabinet somewhere’. Kat Araniello told BBC Breakfast: ‘It was really, really intrusive, and there are medical records that are just personal that you don’t want an investigating officer, potentially even the defence, asking for as well to be scrutinised. ‘And that’s exactly what it is – everything’s scrutinised.’ The government said data laws ‘to ensure that victims are only asked for their phone where necessary and proportionate’ and a public consultation will soon be launched to ‘understand more about the problems in this area and to test possible solutions’ New policing guidelines issued by the Attorney General last week said victims’ phones should be returned within 24 hours, and the Home Office has pledged £5 million for new technology to help police forces meet the target. Speaking about the new guideline after the publication of his report, Mr Edwards told Radio 4’s Today programme: ‘We have seen changes in practice. ‘But we’re still concerned about the experience of feeling examined and scrutinised, and all that data from a phone sitting on a police file. ‘There’s an element of indiscriminacy which we’re concerned about. ‘Our report, I think, is reinforced by the guidelines put out by the Attorney General last week, which demand a relationship of relevance between the information sought and the offence under investigation.’ If you’ve got a soap or TV story, video or pictures get in touch by emailing us soaps@metro.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Join the community by leaving a comment below and stay updated on all things soaps on our homepage.