A new poll shows Boris Johnson is trailing behind Keir Starmer as his party faces a week of important local elections following months of Tory scandals. More than half of people (57%) chose a Labour government led by Mr Starmer, over the 43% that backed a Conservative government headed by Mr Johnson, an 8,000-person survey claims. Mr Starmer beat his rival to score higher in nearly all areas, including communicating, leading a team, formulating effective policies, judgment in a crisis – and doing the job of PM overall. The research was commissioned by former Conservative Deputy Chairman Lord Ashcroft, who took the sample alongside doing focus groups with ex-Labour voters who flipped to the Conservatives when the red wall crumbled in 2019. It comes after Mr Johnson became the first sitting prime minister to have been found to break the law as he was fined for going to his own birthday party. His government is also being slammed for Chancellor Rishi Sunak’s response to the cost of living crisis, while a Tory MP has been forced to resign for watching porn in the House of Commons. One of third those asked said they believed the Tory leader should resign over the partygate scandal alone, while 47% think the Tory leader needs to step down as a whole. Meanwhile, 30% believe his actions have been wrong but would like him to stay and focus on important issues, while 15% think stories about him breaking his own Covid rules are just ‘trivial’. But it’s not all bad news for Boris, with 55% of people approving of his handling of the Ukraine war and a much lower 25% thinking he’s done a bad job. Surging bills have been pinpointed as the number one issue facing the UK, followed by the NHS, the economy, climate change and immigration. Despite the concerning results for the Conservatives, Lord Ashcroft claims Mr Johnson and his party ‘has a path to survival’ due to three main reasons. Many people who disapproved of partygate said they would still vote Tory, while there was ‘no indication from our groups that another Conservative MP had the potential to transform the party’s standing’. Lastly, Lord Ashcroft accuses Mr Starmer of ‘failing to take the nation by storm’ – with one borderline voter saying ‘[there’s] nothing to make me think this guy’s got a plan’, and another labelling him ‘wishy washy’. ‘All this suggests the poll numbers reflect a grumpiness with the status quo rather than a firm endorsement of the alternative’, the independent public pollster claims. Lord Ashcroft – who used to conduct opinion research for David Cameron – admits on his website that he is not impartial as he is ‘a Tory and always will be’. But he adds the value of his work ‘lies in its objectivity’ and his reports ‘do not convey my views, but those of the voters’. On May 5, more than 4,350 seats will be contested in England on over 140 councils, with all of Scotland’s 32 councils and all 22 councils in Wales also holding elections. It’s the first time the public mood will be officially captured since the snap 2019 general election. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.