Helen Skelton enjoyed a well-deserved night out this evening following the devastating news of her marriage breakdown. The Countryfile singer got glammed up to attend the Sports Industry Awards at Evolution in London on Thursday, marking her first red carpet appearance since announcing she and estranged husband Richie Myler had split. Helen, 38, looked relaxed and flashed a big smile for the photos as she posed in her elegant floaty cream dress teamed with chunky jewellery and black heels. She looked noticeably different with her blonde hair now traded for an ashier colour and highlights of pastel pink and purple. However, Helen wasn’t alone on the red carpet as she was later joined by Sky Sports presenter Bela Shah, who posed for snaps donning a striking strapless pink gown. Once inside the bash, she bumped into BBC Breakfast presenter Dan Walker who looked dashing in a blue velvet tuxedo jacket. It is the first major public event Helen has attended since sharing the shocking news that she is no longer with rugby star Richie, 31. ‘Very sad to say that Richie and I are no longer a couple. He has left the family home. We will be doing our best to co parent our small children,’ she wrote in her Instagram stories on April 26. The presenter later ditched her wedding ring in a sponsored advert she posted to her social media. Helen and Richie were married for eight years and share three children; Ernie, six, Louis, four, and baby daughter Elsie Kate who was born in December. Richie has not publicly commented on the split but is reported to have started a new relationship with the daughter of the president of his rugby club Leeds Rhinos. Sources say he and Stephanie Thirkill struck up a romance following his marriage breakdown, previously telling The Sun: ‘Richie appears to have been spending a lot of his free time with this younger, successful businesswoman.’ The rumoured new couple were spotted going for a countryside walk earlier this week, marking the first time they have been pictured together since news of his split from Helen broke. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Peter Andre and wife Emily have ‘talked about’ possible move to Australia as singer fears for mum’s health MORE : Eurovision 2022: Huge blow for Ireland as Brooke Scullion crashes out of contest at last hurdle in semi-finals 