Mike Tyson believes Canelo Alvarez’s failure to use the jab was a major factor behind his defeat to Dmitry Bivol on Saturday evening. Canelo suffered the second defeat of his professional career in Las Vegas as Bivol retained his WBA light heavyweight title by producing a brilliant display to win 115-113 on all three of scorecards. The Mexican, who has won world titles in four different weight classes, stepped up to light heavyweight for only the second time in his career but Bivol’s power and speed advantage made a significant difference. However, Tyson feels Canelo would have fared better against the 31-year-old Russian if he used his jab more often. And the former world heavyweight champion, who attended the fight with his wife  believes Canelo could even beat Bivol in a rematch if he changed his approach. ‘I just think if Canelo was using his jab effectively, hard, the guy [Bivol] wouldn’t have been able to come in,’ Tyson said. ‘The guy was coming in because he wasn’t worried about Canelo’s jab. So he got more aggressive, he got brave. ‘If he’s not jabbing, he has no defence. If he’s not gonna jab, the guy’s gonna walk right in on him like he did. ‘Next fight – use your jab, different fight. ‘When he [Bivol] was jabbing, Canelo should have been moving, slipping the jab, anticipating the combination. If he was slipping the jab, the guy wouldn’t throw the combination. ‘If Canelo would’ve used his jab, I was discussing with my wife [saying], ‘he’s not using his jab’, then the next round I saw him using his jab so his corner must’ve been telling him the same thing. I believe if he used his jab it would’ve been a different fight.’ Canelo, meanwhile, admitted he would have adopted a more aggressive approach against Bivol if he knew he was behind on the scorecards. ‘Yes, we want the rematch and we want to do much better in the rematch,’ Canelo said after his defeat. ‘I feel that often judges score things that perhaps they shouldn’t, for example I was blocking shots and I was rolling punches, and I think sometimes that’s where the mistake may have been made.’ Asked if he thought he was ever behind on the scorecards during the fight, Canelo replied: ‘No.’ And when asked if he would’ve thought differently had he known he was behind, Canelo said: ‘More aggressively, I think.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 