A gran was shocked to be sent a parcel from Amazon in a box so big she could stand inside it – despite the garden tool she ordered being dwarfed by it. Jan Tullick, 64, said the 6ft packaging was ‘ridiculous’, and so big she thought it must have been for a neighbour. When a delivery driver rang her doorbell on May 10, she discovered the huge box was actually for her. She opened it up and found the £24.99 digging bar she’d ordered to break up clay rattling around inside. ‘The box was huge, about 6ft tall, and the item was only 48 inches,’ she said. ‘It had a piece of brown paper wrapped round it. ‘There was plenty of room in there, my grandson got in it. All they had to do was wrap it in plastic instead of putting it in a ginormous box.’ Her daughter Nicola Fail, 40, quipped that Jan must have been secretly shopping for a sofa. Stunned by the ‘joke’ packaging that the Roughneck Gorilla Bar turned up in,  Jan, who’s 5ft 6, posed next to the big box and the item to show them to scale. Her 6ft 3 grandson Alfie Collins, 14, also got inside the box to illustrate just how huge it is. Retired carer Jan is now urging the retail giant to ‘cut their packaging down’ as they’re ‘not saving the environment’. Amazon said it was ‘committed to reducing packaging waste and using less packaging material’. Jan, from Gateshead in Tyne and Wear, said: ‘When I opened the door the lad said it was for my house number. ‘I told him “the only thing I’ve ordered is a digging stick, like a metal rod” and he said “good luck to you getting rid of this box”. After breaking down the huge box so it would fit in her recycling bin, Jan realised she had actually ordered the wrong item and needed to return in. But to send it back, she had to do this in the packaging the item was sent in, so she had to tape the box back together before it was collected. Nicola, who owns florist Butterflies and Blooms, said she was also stunned by the size of the packaging. ‘My mam couldn’t get over the size of it,’ she said. ‘She answered the door and she said to him “you’ll not believe what’s in it, it’s tiny”. ‘We thought she’d been ordering something sneaky like a sofa but when she brought it in and opened it there was just this tiny thing wrapped in paper lying at the bottom of this box. ‘It was a ridiculous size. It was far too big a box to send anything like that out in, especially when we’re all trying to be a bit more environmentally friendly. ‘It certainly wasn’t breakable, it’s made of metal.’ An Amazon spokesman said: ‘Amazon is committed to reducing packaging waste and using less packaging material. ‘Initiatives like the Frustration-Free Packaging Programmes encourage manufacturers to package their products in easy-to-open packaging that is 100% recyclable and ready to ship to customers without Amazon boxes. ‘Since 2015, Amazon has reduced the weight of outbound packaging per shipment by more than 36%, and eliminated more than one million tonnes of packaging material, the equivalent of two billion shipping boxes.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.