More than 60% of Black professionals encounter barriers to entering the tech profession, as new figures unveil the hurdles still being faced in industry. According to new findings by UK based non profit Colorintech and Meta, huge and persistent racial inequalities still exist, with widening gaps between what organisations are saying versus what they are doing to promote inclusion. Nearly a quarter (30%) of those surveyed said that they can’t – and don’t want to – be their true selves at work and feeling the need to be inauthentic for fear of not progressing, and that a façade of conformity has to override their personal values, views, and attributes to fit in with organisational ones. The picture is even starker for those who feel they deserve a pay rise after years of loyalty but don’t want to ask for that next path of financial success. Six in ten (56%) of those surveyed said that didn’t feel empowered to negotiate their salary and so settle while their peers progress. Stories like this are behind the latest data that Black software engineers experience pay gaps of 13%. Such findings are hoped to pile on the pressure to the UK’s growing number of tech companies to offer greater support and better options for different UK ethnicities. Although some advancement for racial and economic inequality has progressed for Black and ethnic minority workers, there is still much more to do as 65% of respondents agreed they have and continue to encouter barriers when it comes to getting into their tech career of choice. Dion McKenzie, co-founder of Colorintech, says: ‘The findings show the experiences for Black talent is vastly different from their counterparts. It’s up to companies to be intentional and systematically remove these barriers to ensure they are not limiting their talent pools and recruiting the best people out there.’ Maria Onyango, from Meta, adds: ‘The tech industry should be open to people from all backgrounds, and a place where everyone can belong and thrive. We want to help people feel confident to make the jump. ‘Organisations need to embrace the fact that people need to feel like their true selves at work, and to actively work to make that happen. This research is so important. As a Black woman I feel seen when I read it, and I hope that organisations, including our own, will take action on the insights.’ This report is based on proprietary data gathered and analysed by Colorintech’s analytics and research team and an optional, self-reported survey sent to Colorintech’s community and their partner networks in the UK. ‘The findings speak for themselves, working Black professionals are less likely than their white peers to be hired, paid equitably and promoted,’ adds Ashleigh Ainsley, co-founder of Colorintech. ‘Diversity and inclusion efforts have been gaining traction in some sectors more than others, and workforces are increasingly becoming multiracial. But in tech, we know that inhospitable environments do exist and unknowingly create less supported individuals and perpetuate inequality across society. ‘We would like to see more tech companies jump-start their efforts in to making a real and long-lasting commitment for a supported organisational culture for all that’s fair and does not limit the progress of people of color.’ To chat about mental health in an open, non-judgmental space, join our Mentally Yours Facebook group. Follow us on Twitter at @MentallyYrs. MORE : Authors reclaim Black mental health book after first publisher exposed with links to far right: ‘It feels like a rebirth’ MORE : A third of Black, Asian and mixed-race workers have left a job because of ‘a lack of flexibility’ MORE : Sexual health services in the UK are ‘failing Black people’