Boris Johnson is said to be personally phoning up his MPs to try and bolster support as more and more of them have called for him to quit. It comes as yet another Tory MP has submitted a letter calling for a vote of no confidence in Boris Johnson, meaning he faces the real thread of a no confidence vote over a culture of rule-breaking in Downing Street during Covid lockdowns. A vote will be held if 54 or more – of 15% of – sitting Conservative MPs writ to Sir Graham Brady as chairman of the 1922 committee of backbench Tories to request it. ‘It’s a confidential process and I’ll retain my discretion and say nothing more at the moment,’ Sir Graham told ITV this afternoon when asked how many letters had been sent in. John Stevenson, who represents Carlisle, said he is ‘deeply disappointed’ in the prime minister today and said he thinks he should to step down. It makes him the 28th MP to publicly call for him to resign, with some of those formally submitting a letter of no confidence. In a statement posted on social media this afternoon, Mr Stevenson said he had recently called on the prime minister to put himself forward for a confidence vote to ‘draw a line” under recent controversies. ‘Sadly, the Prime Minister appears unwilling to bring matters to a head and submit himself to such a vote,’ he said. ‘Therefore, the only option is for the Conservative MPs to facilitate a vote of confidence. ‘I have already taken the appropriate action.’ It comes after former Cabinet minister Dame Andrea Leadsom criticised Boris Johnson for his ‘unacceptable failings of leadership’ over lockdown parties in Downing Street. In a letter to her constituents, she said the ‘extent and severity’ of the rule-breaking in No 10 exposed in the Sue Gray report meant it was ‘extremely unlikely’ the senior leadership did not know what was going on. ‘The conclusion I have drawn from the Sue Gray report is that there have been unacceptable failings of leadership that cannot be tolerated and are the responsibility of the Prime Minister,’ she said. In the message, which was shared on social media, she stopped short of directly calling on Mr Johnson to resign and did not say whether she had submitted a letter calling for a no confidence vote. Dame Andrea concluded however by saying: ‘Each of my Conservative colleagues and I must now decide individually on what is the right course of action that will restore confidence in our Government.’ Under party rules, the chairman of the backbench 1922 Committee Sir Graham Brady must call a vote of confidence in Mr Johnson’s leadership if 54 Tory MPs – 15% of the parliamentary party – submit a letter calling for one. So far, dozens have publicly called on the Prime Minister to stand down – although not all of them have said whether they have written to Sir Graham requesting a no confidence vote. However, it is also widely believed in Westminster that a number of others have put in letters without declaring their intentions amid speculation the tally is approaching the total needed to trigger a vote. Yesterday, three MPs revealed they had submitted letters of no confidence. Among them was Brexiteer Andrew Bridgen, who emailed constituents to say he has re-submitted his letter citing ‘further revelations over the past week’. He had previously submitted a letter in January but withdrew it in March saying he did not believe it was the right time for a leadership contest due to the war in Ukraine. But he has now said: ‘There have, however, been further revelations over the past week and there is obviously and rightly still a lot of anger about the culture in No 10 during the lockdown period. ‘I and colleagues have put in a letter of no confidence over the past few days and it may well be the numbers are close to triggering a vote of no confidence.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.