Having trouble sleeping? You know the drill by now – hide away your phone, limit your caffeine, make sure your room is properly dark. But sometimes, even when you’re doing all the right things, it’s still tricky to drift off. That’s when a sleep spray can step up to help – and the This Works Deep Sleep Pillow Spray is one of the best. Just take a look at the reviews (there are more than 8,000 five-star ratings on Amazon), where people are sharing tales of how the special blend of lavender, vetivert, and chamomile has remedied all sorts of troubles with snoozing. ‘This stuff is like magic,’ wrote one reviewer. ‘Absolutely amazing, I’m so pleased i bought it. ‘I’ve had issues with sleeping my whole life and tried nearly everything under the sun to try and aid my sleep. ‘I had my eye on this product for a while but was hesitant to buy because of the price, however i finally caved and it’s worth every penny! Buy it now for £13.87 ‘After using the spray I’ve seen a noticeable change in the quality of my sleep. i’ve been waking up more refreshed, taking less to no naps during the day, sleeping for longer at night and looking less tired. ‘I even let my boyfriend try it and he said he slept alot better too!’ ‘So glad I bought this. 10/10 would recommend to anyone else having sleeping issues or anyone who just wants a little boost of rest!’ Having tried it out for ourselves, we’d back that glowing review. The scent is super soothing and helps to slow the racing thoughts that come after a day of stress. We like to keep a big bottle on a bedside table, then each night spritz our pillows and around the air for a relaxing bedtime routine. If you’ve been pondering giving the spray a go, now’s the right time to do it, as it’s currently on sale for £13.87. A bargain buy for a great night’s rest. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Here’s how much sleep you really need for optimal wellbeing and brain health MORE : How to recover from a run of bad nights’ sleep MORE : The side you sleep on makes a difference to your health – so which is best?