Heartwarming footage shows a Ukrainian nurse enjoying her first dance at her wedding after she lost both legs in a Russian explosion. Oksana, 23, was walking alongside her husband Viktor in their home town of Lysychansk in the occupied Luhansk region on March 27 when she stepped on a mine. They were on ‘a familiar path’ when Oksana took one fateful step and was caught in the horrific blast. Her husband was not injured, but Oksana had both of her legs and four fingers on her left hand blown away in the explosion. The young nurse had four operations before she was evacuated to Dnipro where her wounds healed and her limbs were prepared for prosthetics. Last week, the mum-of-two arrived by evacuation train to Lviv, a city in the west of Ukraine that has enjoyed relative safety since Russia launched its bloody invasion nine weeks ago. There, Viktor and Oksana decided to tie the knot. Footage of the pair dancing showed Viktor holding Oksana up in a warm embrace as the couple twirled around the hospital room to the applause of happy onlookers. The Lviv Medical Association said: ‘Life should not be postponed until later, decided Oksana and Victor, who in six years together never found time for marriage.’ The association told Sky News they bought wedding rings in Lviv, found Oksana a white dress, and provided a wedding cake baked by volunteers at the hospital. Their wedding celebration took place on the ward of the surgery centre ahead of Oksana’s preparations to be fitted with prosthetic limbs and begin learning how to walk again. Ukraine’s parliament also shared the touching news on Twitter,  posting footage of the couple’s first dance as husband and wife and wishing them future happiness. The tweet described Oksana and Viktor’s wedding as the culmination of ‘a very special love story’ and wished the couple ‘happiness and long years together.’ Oksana is now preparing to travel to Germany with her husband for further treatment. Their wedding is the latest touching story from Ukraine proving not even a war can stop love. In March, members of the National Guard tied the knot at a checkpoint in Ukraine. Oleksandr and Olena got married in uniform surrounded by sandbags as the country came under attack. Another viral video showed the wedding between territorial defense workers Lesya and Valeriy. The bride could be seen holding a champagne flute while swapping her helmet briefly for a veil. Others soldiers were involved as they played instruments like flutes while the couple were serenaded. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 