Amber Heard has claimed it wasn’t her who defecated in Johnny Depp’s bed, instead blaming his dog Boo and claiming she got into the actor’s weed stash. The Aquaman actress, 36, returned to the stand on Monday during the defamation trial at Fairfax County Courthouse in Virgina, with the court being shown a graphic photo of faeces in the pair’s bed. Asked what ‘bathroom problems’ Boo may have had, Heard answered: ‘She had eaten Johnny’s weed when she was a puppy and had bowel control issues for her entire life, among some other issues. ‘We regularly had to take her to the vet to try and figure out what was wrong with this dog. I’d never met a dog that was quite like this. She had some control issues.’ Heard went on to say that before she and some girlfriends left for Coachella, the dogs were on the bed and that Boo had defecated. Heard strongly denied being part of a prank. ‘I don’t think that’s funny, I don’t know what grown woman does. I was also not in a pranking mood,’ she said. ‘My life was falling apart. I was at a crossroads in my life. I’d just been attacked on my 30th birthday by my violent husband, with whom I was desperately in love and who I needed to leave. ‘It was not really a jovial time and I don’t think that’s funny. Period. That’s disgusting.’ Pictures of poo claimed to be Heard’s and found in Depp’s bed were previously shown to the court during the actor’s libel trial against The Sun newspaper, which he lost. Depp’s housekeeper at his penthouse in the Eastern Columbia building in LA, who had come across the defecated bed, gave evidence. Hilda Vargas told the court that she had taken photographs of the faeces, after being left ‘horrified’ and ‘disgusted’. Vargas said that she believed the faeces in the bed was from a human – ruling out that it could have come from the two dogs, Pistol and Boo, owned by Depp and Heard, as the pets couldn’t reach the bed on their own. In his written statement, Depp accused Heard or ‘one of her friends’ of defecating in the couple’s marital bed back in 2016. Depp claims Heard described it as a ‘harmless prank’. A rep for Heard denied Depp’s claims at the time, insisting that accusations the actress or her friends were responsible for the defecation incident are ‘completely untrue’. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, is suing his ex-wife for libel after she penned an op-ed in the Washington Post, with the headline: ‘I spoke up against sexual violence — and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change’. She discussed her experiences of domestic abuse in the 2018 article, but did not mention her former partner by name. Despite not being named, Depp’s lawyers have said that this ‘falsely implies’ that Heard was subjected to abuse during their marriage –  the actor is seeking $50million (£39m) in damages. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Johnny Depp and Amber Heard ‘used safe word during arguments’ MORE : Chris Rock mocks Amber Heard ‘sh****g’ in Johnny Depp’s bed: ‘Believe all women except Amber Heard’ 