Kim Kardashian and boyfriend Pete Davidson certainly don’t do things by halves after making their red carpet debut together at a White House event. The couple were among A-list guests at the glitzy 2022 White House Correspondents’ Association Dinner on Saturday night, and they were no doubt the talk of the town. Rocking up in their red carpet best, Kim, 41, dazzled in a glittering silver floor-length gown that hugged her body and featured a small train. Making old Hollywood glamour modern, the Skims boss sported a wet look hairstyle and chunky perspex heels. Saturday Night Live comedian Pete, 28, couldn’t let go of his trademark relaxed style, teaming a pair of casual Vans shoes with a smart black suit and tie, and a pair of sunglasses. The actor only had eyes for Kim as he was seen whispering in her ear and making her smile at the event, which was held at the Washington Hilton. Mother-of-four Kim also shared a series of behind-the-scenes photos from the star-studded night, including snaps of her and Pete holding hands while walking through a hallway, as well a close-up look at her rhinestone-covered dress. ‘White House din din,’ Kim casually captioned the post. Kim and Pete have been dating since October 2021 after properly meeting when she hosted SNL. In one sketch on the programme, the two shared a kiss and went on their first date a short while later. Their red carpet debut comes hours after Kim was seen supporting Pete at his first stand-up show in three years. The comic performed at Netflix Is A Joke: The Festival on Friday night and made jokes about Kim’s estranged husband Kanye West, weeks after a public feud between the trio. According to Entertainment Tonight, Pete marked his return to the stage by opening his set with jokes about Kanye claiming Pete has Aids, and him believing that it was true because Kanye ‘is a genius’. He also joked that being humiliated is weird when you can’t do anything about it, such as when Kanye included a disembodied claymation head made to look like Pete in one of his music videos. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian supports Pete Davidson at first stand-up gig in three years as he makes jokes about Kanye West MORE : Pete Davidson jokes about Kim Kardashian’s ex Kanye West in first stand-up gig in three years 