Health officials are racing to trace people who may have come into contact with a person infected with monkeypox. A rare case of the infection has been identified in a patient in England, health chiefs have confirmed. The UK Health Security Agency said the potentially serious infection was detected in an individual who fell ill after visiting Nigeria. They are now receiving care at the infectious disease unit at the Guy’s and St Thomas’ NHS Foundation Trust, London. Monkeypox produces a similar to disease to smallpox but has a lower death rate. It is able to pass from animals to humans and is known to be present in primate populations, especially in central and western Africa. The first case in the UK was recorded in 2018 and was again linked to travel to Nigeria. Scientists have confirmed the disease can pass from human to human via close contact with an infected person. Initial symptoms include fever, headache, aching muscles, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. A rash can also develop, usually starting on the face before spreading to other parts of the body. It eventually forms a scab which falls off. Health officials have stressed most people recover from the illness and it does not spread easily. Dr Colin Brown, director of clinical and emerging infections at the UKHSA, said: ‘It is important to emphasise that monkeypox does not spread easily between people and the overall risk to the general public is very low. ‘We are working with NHS England and NHS Improvement (NHSEI) to contact the individuals who have had close contact with the case prior to confirmation of their infection, to assess them as necessary and provide advice. ‘UKHSA and the NHS have well-established and robust infection control procedures for dealing with cases of imported infectious disease and these will be strictly followed.’ The disease was first identified in monkeys in the 1950s and cases in humans were confirmed in the 1970s. A major outbreak, the first in the Western hemisphere, occurred in the United States in 2003. Cases were identified in several states but none were fatal and all could be traced back to the sale of prairie dogs, with human to human transmission not a factor. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.