Love Island contestants allegedly must reveal to ITV if they have STDs, and agree not to sue the broadcaster if they fall pregnant, or catch an STD during their time in the villa. Fans of the ITV2 show are counting down the days until they see another batch of singletons jet off to Mallorca in the hope of finding a summer full of love. Of course, Love Island is known for its steamy scenes, as the contestants get closer throughout the series. Now, it’s been revealed just what lengths the show is said to go to in order to make sure islanders don’t enter the villa with any STDs.They’re reportedly all given a detailed health questionnaire, which includes asking about their alcohol intake, the use of drugs and asking islanders: ‘Have you ever had cold sores or genital ulcers or been diagnosed with genital herpes?’ Meanwhile, the papers seen by The Sun, urge the Islanders to practice safe sex and outline how they cannot sue ITV if they contract an STI or fall pregnant. They reportedly say: ‘Without in any way limiting the foregoing, you represent and warrant that, to the best of your knowledge, you do not currently have any sexually transmitted disease. ‘If you do engage in sex, we advise you to practice safe sex.’ They go on to add: ‘You agree neither we, nor the Broadcaster shall be under any liability to you: for any ailment or disease (including but not limited to any sexually transmitted diseases) personal injury or your death arising out of or in connection with your participation in the Programme to the extent permitted by law and except to such extent if at all as the same was due to our negligence.’ A source told the publication: ‘The safety of the Islanders is paramount and the show’s bosses can’t run the risk of anyone catching a life-changing STD in the villa.’ The series has always encouraged contestants to conduct safe sex and has made condoms available since series one. It comes as it was also revealed islanders will receive inclusion training exploring language and behaviour before they enter the villa as part of ITV’s ‘extended duty of care protocols’. Ade Rawcliffe, group director of diversity and inclusion at ITV, said: ‘The world we live in is changing every day, and we want all of our islanders to feel they are part of an inclusive environment in the villa. ‘As part of our duty of care process, it is also important we play our part in educating our participants to understand and empathise with different perspectives and lived experiences.’ The measures are part of ITV’s duty of care protocols announced ahead of the eighth series starting on June 6. The series has faced criticism in recent years following the deaths of former contestants Sophie Gradon and Mike Thalassitis, who both died by suicide. Among the processes detailed for all contributors on Love Island are ‘comprehensive psychological support’, ‘detailed conversations regarding the impact of participation on the show’ and a ‘proactive aftercare package’, the broadcaster revealed. Laura Whitmore will be back to host her third series, with husband Iain Stirling remaining as the programme’s narrator. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comment. Love Island returns to ITV2 and ITV Hub on June 6. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Love Island: Who could return for possible All-Stars spin-off? MORE : Love Island boss finally teases All-Stars series with old islanders and we need this to happen 