Primary school was easy for my daughter Emily* – she was outgoing, sociable, and loved her drama classes. Secondary school started well too: new friends, good grades. She seemed positive, and I couldn’t have been prouder. Then, in Year 8 – when she was 12 – things started going wrong. First came the odd detention. Then there were repeated warnings in class, calls home, and meetings about her behaviour. It was things like not listening, talking in class, ignoring warnings. I didn’t understand then that much of this was her trying to save face when she didn’t understand something. This was all pre-pandemic. Emily was going to school, but she was finding it increasingly difficult. She couldn’t explain why. I tried to talk about it but she would react aggressively or become silent and down. She just said she hated school. We stumbled on until the first lockdown and school closure in March 2020. At home, Emily became withdrawn. She was engaging less with friends. She had always had sleepovers and outings planned every weekend, so this was a big change. As schools were online by then, some work was set. Emily did what she felt she could manage but often she just wasn’t well enough to study. It was harder and harder to get her out of bed or down from her room. The circumstances of the pandemic masked the fact she was mentally unwell. I could see things were declining, but I also knew that Emily’s friends were spending lots of time in their rooms because of the lockdown too. This meant that changes weren’t picked up at school either. We got through the summer, and in September 2020 when schools reopened, Emily reluctantly returned to start Year 9. She was nervous and apprehensive. Things fell apart within weeks. One morning, she simply said she couldn’t put her uniform on or go in. I knew nothing about school ‘refusal’ or why it might happen – that anxiety could build to such an extent that going into school could feel physically impossible. I had never experienced major worries about school myself and, naively, I thought young people just got up and went unless they were physically ill. For the next few weeks, I tried to cajole, persuade and reason with her. I even attempted to force her (yes, I bundled her into the car one day). That led to a panic attack. Whenever I mentioned school, she became extremely angry. It was clear that we were a million miles away from her going back. She was self-harming and spending most of the day barricaded in her room, under the duvet. By now, Emily’s GP had referred her to the NHS Child and Adolescent Mental Health Services (CAMHS). She was resistant to getting help though. She was no longer communicating with me and she totally refused to engage with the CAMHS team’s efforts – online and in person – to do an assessment. She shut herself in her room or refused to answer questions. I pleaded with CAMHS for medication for depression, but I was repeatedly told that unless Emily engaged, nothing could be done. The more withdrawn she became, the more she needed help, the harder it became to get it. It was deeply distressing; for Emily, but also for me. Witnessing your child’s mental health decline rapidly is terrifying. My daughter had gone from outgoing, funny and charismatic to someone I barely recognised. She wouldn’t leave her room, reply to messages or wash. She didn’t smile or talk. I felt so isolated, particularly as a single parent. Even the most empathetic friends and family cannot understand without direct experience. It was all-consuming. I couldn’t leave Emily for any period of time. I was working from home thankfully, but it was so difficult to focus because of the worry as well as endless calls and emails to try and move things on. By this time, school didn’t feel like the priority. It was about Emily’s mental health and, frankly, her survival. I did keep in contact with school though. I got the impression they felt I just wasn’t trying hard enough. After a while, they referred us to the local education authority Education Welfare Officer (EWO), who works with the school and families when attendance is an issue. This proved to be a positive development. We had a home visit – to talk about a return to school plan – and Emily surprised me by briefly coming downstairs. The EWO immediately realised the mental state Emily was in and told school that she wasn’t well enough to return. That removed some pressure. Emily’s mental health was still deteriorating rapidly though. She was self-harming almost daily. It felt like she no longer wanted to be here. In March, after a particularly serious self-harm incident, I took her to A&E in desperation. This was the turning point. She was admitted and, finally, assessed in person by a psychiatrist. Until then, I had felt no one had understood how serious things were. Emily’s refusal to communicate had meant no treatment, but this time her silence was recognised as a sign of her mental state. She was prescribed Sertraline for anxiety and depression. There was real improvement, quickly. It was an indescribable relief. Emily came home after three nights and things continued to feel more positive. After a few weeks, she said she felt like going back to school. She was still anxious and nervous about missed work and what people would be saying, but she was keen to try. The school sent one of their pastoral mentors to visit Emily at home. Once again, I was worried she would refuse to engage, but it went well. They chatted and then the mentor suggested Emily put her uniform on for a walk ‘just to the school gates’. She managed an hour in school for the next three days. That would have seemed inconceivable previously. The home visit was the link we needed. Emily, now in Year 10, is in school most days. She works on anxiety with her brilliant mentor and spends breaks in a quiet room. She also has weekly cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) sessions through CAMHS for anxiety. Socially, things are better too. Emily organises activities once every few weeks and I am delighted with that. She has two or three old friends who she feels comfortable with and who understand her well. Things aren’t easy now, but they are so much better. I entered the school ‘refusal’ journey blindly, but I have learnt a lot. However stressed you feel, try to be calm and show you’re on your child’s side. It’s really important to maintain proactive, regular contact with the school. Ask what they can do to help. Schools and individuals vary hugely in how supportive they are, so find someone helpful and make it clear you are doing everything you can to work with them. It’s so much more common than you might think and it’s not your fault. I found great comfort in online networks such as Not Fine in School – a group of parents with children who have experienced school attendance barriers. The advice, hope and sense of community are so helpful. I also relied on a few trusted friends for support on the tough days. I am angry that it took so long to get help. Emily would not have suffered so much if we had been listened to properly earlier. There are still days when she can’t go in, but I deal with it differently. If some gentle encouragement doesn’t work, I accept she can’t do it. She feels bad enough already. Extra pressure doesn’t help. I treat each day in isolation. Letting go of the idea that education has to be a linear progression helps. It’s not easy, but I try not to worry about the future too much. I’ve learnt that mental health takes priority over education (the latter just doesn’t work otherwise anyway). School remains a daily battle for Emily, but I am so proud of what she has achieved. *Names have been changed to protect identities. For more information about Young Minds, visit their website here. Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing Ross.Mccafferty@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Hundreds of schools cut teaching hours because they can’t afford energy bills MORE : I’ve been putting my daughter in pageants since she was a baby – it’s not a bad thing MORE : The child mental health crisis: ‘I felt like a failure, but it was school who failed me’