How would you react if you won the lottery? It’s hard to know until it happens, but it might look a bit like this. A winning pair from Nottingham filmed the moment they had confirmation from the National Lottery that they had scooped the top prize of £10,000 a year for 30 years. Laura Hoyle, 40, had seen a notification in her app but picked up the phone to make sure it wasn’t just a glitch, or something she misread. The incredible footage shows how she was blown away by the news, struggling even to speak at one point before she says ‘I think I’m going to be sick’. She and her partner Kirk Stevens, 38, matched all five main numbers plus the Life Ball in the Set For Life draw on 1 March 2021. Tech-lover Kirk filmed the moment Laura was told it was real. ‘I’m just checking that it’s right before I, um, you know, quit my job,’ she tells the operator. When told that it is ‘absolutely real’, Laura replies: ‘You’re absolutely joking!’ The video has been released one year on from the their windfall. Recalling the life-changing phone call, Laura said: ‘I was physically shaking as I told the lady, “I think I’ve won the lottery!!” ‘I kept thinking this must be a joke; it can’t be happening to us!’ Since the win, Laura has given up office work at a logistics firm, while manufacturing engineer Kirk has paid for his Masters degree. The couple have bought a house and the winnings have enabled them to take their passion, ghost hunting, to the next level. Kirk said: ‘I’m in my last year of my Masters degree in mechanical engineering. It’s been really hard at times to distance learn during Covid and it’s an expensive qualification and before the win I did, at times, question the investment. ‘As Laura said, the win has enabled us to relax about bills.’ One thing the couple have been able to do is get more involved with their hobby of paranormal investigation. Laura added: ‘Kirk and I are participating in lots more paranormal activities and I’m editing the videos we take which I absolutely love doing. ‘Without the win we wouldn’t have been able to tick off a huge bucket list item – visit the National Justice Museum in Nottingham out-of-hours and spend time there investigating.’ Engineer Kirk is also a carpenter, and he is going to use both talents to create a new business. Kirk added: ‘I want to make paranormal investigation products using my woodwork and electronic skills. I know what people want, I have the skill set and I now have the opportunity to make it work.’ The couple celebrated with Kirk popping a bottle of Prosecco before Laura had even finished the call with Camelot. Laura explained: ‘By the end of Friday evening, we had finished off four bottles of Prosecco. Kirk fell fast asleep, but my mind was racing, and I stayed awake all night. The only thing I could do was to watch movies, so I stayed up and watched the complete Divergent series, which helped pass six hours at least!’ Andy Carter, senior winners’ advisor at the National Lottery says has seen every reaction possible from lottery winners during his job. ‘Tears, laughter, screaming, absolute silence and total disbelief – just like Laura’s reaction’ Andy added: ‘Some put on their posh “telephone voice”, while others like Laura and Kirk are just themselves and the beauty of their winning moment is that it was captured on camera.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.