Stargazers around the world were in for a treat this weekend as the Super Flower Blood Moon made an appearance. In this year’s only full lunar eclipse, the moon turned a deep coppery red as it drifted into the shadow of the Earth. As the Earth’s atmosphere distorted light from the sun, the moon was bathed in an eerie red hue. The total eclipse added to the effect, making the moon appear as a glowing orange-red disk in the pre-dawn sky. The moon started to enter the Earth’s shadow just after 2.30am, and proceeded to darken considerably about an hour later. The best viewing time was between 4.29am and 5.06am – when the moon would be completely eclipsed – according to the Royal Museums Greenwich website. But sadly the weather played spoilsport for people watching the sky in the UK, as the clouds rendered it almost impossible to see. This blood moon was the first of its kind for two years, with the last one happening in January 2019 – which was also obscured by clouds in much of the UK. But people from other parts of the world were lucky enough to catch a glimpse of the lunar phenomenon in Rio de Janeiro, North Macedonia and California, among other places. Although no sunlight falls directly on the moon, light from the Earth’s sunrises and sunsets does illuminate it – giving it its ‘blood’ red appearance. People sometimes refer to a lunar eclipse as a ‘blood moon’ because of the way the moon can turn a deep coppery red colour during its eclipse. However, the colour of the moon will depend on the dust in the Earth’s atmosphere which blocks out the higher frequency blue light waves, allowing the longer wavelength of red light to still come through. A lunar eclipse happens when the moon’s orbit moves in front of the Earth’s shadow, preventing the sun’s light from reaching it. The moon has no light source of its own and simply reflects the light of the sun, so when Earth blocks this out, it won’t shine. The eclipse coinciding with a super moon — when the moon is at its closest to the Earth during its orbit — made it appear larger and brighter than usual. The full moon at its perigee (the closest approach to Earth of the month, in its orbit), made it look slightly larger. A lunar eclipse happens between two to five times a year, with a total lunar eclipse occurring at least every two or three years. The last one was a partial lunar eclipse on November 19 last year which was unusually long — over six hours in total. The very early part of the eclipse was visible in the UK, but because of the timings the moon had set before the eclipse reached its maximum. MORE : When and where to see the Super Flower Blood Moon lunar eclipse MORE : Blood Moon lunar eclipse 2022: When and where to see it