Katie Price has revealed that her son Harvey is now able to shop for the ingredients to make his own dinner, as he learns to become more independent. The former glamour model, 43, took to Instagram to share a series of snaps of Harvey, 19, walking around a supermarket to pick up the ingredients to make a spaghetti carbonara. Harvey was seen taking photos of the shelves full of items before ticking off the ones he had picked out to make his meal from his shopping list, which also had pictures of each foodstuff. Katie wrote alongside the snaps: ‘Harvey shopping for ingredients for his dinner yesterday. Makes me so proud!’ Harvey, who has Prader-Willi syndrome, diabetes and autism, has been living at a specialist residential college in Cheltenham, where he is learning skills to help him live a more independent life. Fans soon flooded Katie’s comments with encouragement for Harvey, writing: ‘Well done Harvey I’m sure you are proud Katie as you should be. You do an absolutely amazing job with him, you should be proud of yourself too.’ Others added: ‘He is an inspiration, and you should be so proud of yourself for the young man he has become’ and ‘It’s the little things in life that make all the difference well done Harvey.’ Shopping is just one of the new experiences Harvey has taken part in in recent weeks, with Katie also fulfilling his wish of visiting a nightclub. Katie and her fiancé Carl Woods, 33, accompanied Harvey to a club in Halifax where he and his mother took part in a meet-and-greet, with fans paying £10 for a photo with him. A source told The Sun that the fee for the appearance will go to Harvey’s bank account for his future, adding: ‘Katie normally charges more but she’s agreed to appear for £6,000 as she’s keen for Harvey to make his own money. ‘It’ll all go into his bank account for when he’s older. It’s £10 for a meet and greet so the club can pay her fee easily – people will be queuing up to meet them!’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Katie Price’s Mucky Mansion show ‘bags a second series’ as renovations ‘far from finished’ on her home MORE : Katie Price shares cosy photo with fiance Carl Woods after he rubbished ‘ridiculous’ split claims 