A lawyer who injected food at Sainsbury’s, Tesco and Waitrose with his own blood has been found not guilty by reason of insanity. Leoaai Elghareeb, 37, wandered into three stores on Fulham Palace Road, west London, on August 25 last year carrying a bucketful of hypodermic needles. The solicitor jabbed products including an apple, bacon, buttermilk and Chicken Tikka Fillets. He also threw a syringe at a doctor but luckily it bounced off her causing no injuries. The three supermarkets – Sainsbury’s Local, Tesco Express and Little Waitrose – had to throw away all their products as a precaution, causing nearly £500,000 in losses. It was agreed Elghareeb committed the offences, but his barrister argued he was insane at the time he carried out those acts. He denied three counts of contaminating goods and two counts of assault and yesterday a jury at Isleworth Crown Court formally found him not guilty by reason of insanity. Earlier this year a jury was discharged after they failed to reach verdicts against the Lebanese lawyer following more than seven hours of deliberation. The court was shown shocking CCTV footage showing Elghareeb entering the Sainsbury’s Local in Hammersmith between 7pm and 8pm. Wearing distinctive Nike shorts and an American football-style shirt, he strides towards the ready meal section before dramatically jabbing food with a syringe. Footage then shows him walking over to the next section and eyeing up more products while holding what appears to be another syringe in his mouth, before injecting more food. He also assaulted Dr Meghana Kulkarni by throwing a needle at her collarbone, which luckily did not cause any injuries. He also pushed security guard Bilal Ansari in the chest, shouting: ‘You are all vile people and Sainsbury’s is vile.’ Elghareeb did the same in Tesco, injecting food and throwing syringes, forcing staff to close the store immediately. Judge Hammerton said that a sentence would still need to be made following the jury’s verdict this week. He told them: ‘The options are limited, but they will take time to explore. I cannot give a date when I ultimately can give a sentence on this case.’ The judge ordered reports to be prepared by two psychiatrists before he passes sentence, which will be based on the amount of risk his rampage posed. Diana Wilson, prosecuting, told the court how Elghareeb threw some of his syringes at people inside and outside the store, hitting a passerby on the street. He was arrested just before 8pm outside a pub called The Distillers, the court was told. Shortly before this, he walked past a Tapas bar called Avanti and threw a plant pot through the open door, narrowly missing a waiter. The three supermarkets found a total of 21 syringes during a thorough search and deep-clean before they were able to reopen. ‘All that cost, in respect of Waitrose, approximately £207,000, in respect of Sainsbury’s £143,000, and in respect of Tesco’s approximately £117,000. So nearly half a million pounds worth of loss to those three businesses,’ Ms Wilson said. Dr Frank Farnham, a consultant forensic psychiatrist, told the court the defendant suffers from a ‘severe disease of the mind resulting in a loss of a sense of reality.’ He said the defendant heard voices commanding him to do things by controlling his dreams and parts of his body, which are ‘often encountered by issues of schizophrenia’. Elghareeb claimed one of these voices to be that of Boris Johnson, while another was a former colleague. The attacker had previously had an ‘extremely successful career’ in London’s most prestigious ‘Magic Circle’ law firms before he began to abuse crystal meth as part of his ‘work hard and play hard lifestyle.’ Dr Farnham said the solicitor suffered psychological trauma including periods of homelessness after coming out as gay to his family. In 2020 he had tried to hang himself to make the voices in his head stop. Elghareeb believed the voices in his head resulted from government spies placing implants in his ears and skull. Dr Farnham concluded: ‘It didn’t cross his mind whether it was legal or unlawful, he was making a desperate attempt to draw attention from the police and be treated. ‘He was in such a disordered mental state that he couldn’t form a rational decision. They were a set of actions to draw attention to the fact that he needed treatment.’ Fellow psychiatrist Dr Bradley Hillier had assessed Elghareeb four months after the incident while he was on remand in HMP Wandsworth. He said the defendant has had a ‘lengthy history of mental health problems’ and has previously sought help for this from services in the country. He has at least a 12 year history of mental health problems including ‘strong suicidal episodes’ and times when he has harmed himself. ‘He heard voices from an air conditioning machine in the past that told him to set himself or his flat on fire,’ Dr Hillier told the court. As long ago as 2012, Elghareeb believed that he was being tracked by the British Secret Service and that his telephone was being hacked, jurors heard. Dr Hillier said: ‘He believed essentially that the police and everything around him was fake. ‘He believed friends and family through the device could suck thoughts in and out of his brain.’ Elghareeb likened his experience to the character played by Jim Carrey in The Truman Show, as he believed he was living in a world where nothing was real. Dr Hillier concluded that the defendant suffers from an illness that causes psychosis. He added: ‘Even though he knew he was literally throwing needles and throwing them into food; he was doing this psychotically believing he would get in touch with the real police who would help him get the implant out of his brain. ‘He was not thinking straight. He was in a situation where he was trying to escape this worth that the psychosis had created for him. He was so burdened and tortured, is the word he used.’ Elghareeb, of Crabtree Lane, Fulham, denied three counts of contaminating goods and two counts of assault before being found not guilty by reason of insanity. He was remanded in custody until June 9. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.