A mum who knifed her friend six times at a birthday party claimed she was the victim and was left looking ‘like something out of Freddy Krueger’. Gemma Sparks, 38, slashed Kimberly King’s body and limbs during the bust up in August 2020. The victim had to be taken to hospital to be treated for her injuries. Sparks was left with a tiny cut that needed no treatment but insisted she was covered in blood following the fight. Mum-of-one Sparks claimed a friend compared her to the terrifying villain from A Nightmare On Elm Street due to her injuries. Sparks denied wounding with intent and claimed she was acting in self-defence, but was convicted following a trial and is now facing jail. She accused Miss King of ‘flying’ a knife at her and claimed she didn’t know her victim ended up with multiple injuries. The mum tried to convince jurors her own minor injuries were so severe she looked like a victim from a horror film. She told Canterbury Crown Court: ‘[Kimberly] just came flying at me with the knife and stabbed me in the head with it, I spun her around and then threw [the knife] and ran. ‘My face was pouring with blood when I got back in the car, my friend said I looked like something out of Freddy Krueger, and they were wiping me down.’ Jurors were told the pair clashed in the doorway of Miss King’s family home in Herne Bay, Kent, during her brother Darren’s birthday party. Sparks said Miss King took a line of cocaine during a trip to an amusement arcade and her victim invited her to the address to collect money owed. She claimed Miss King then attacked her with a knife instead of handing over the £50. Prosecutors said Sparks’ injuries were inconsistent with a knife wound and argued she was the aggressor. Jurors were shown a photo of her injuries which showed bruising, minor swelling and a slight parting of the skin to her forehead and below her right eye. Peter Forbes, prosecuting, told Sparks in cross-examination: ‘It is a small cut isn’t it, to your head — did you seek any medical attention?” ‘Is this right, that you brought a knife with you? ‘Is this right, that you decided you were going to use that on Kim King before you even got there? ‘It’s true isn’t it, that you attacked her with a knife? ‘There was no need to cut her on the arm, and the other arm and in the back of her shoulder. ‘Is this right, that you intended to cause her really serious injury and that is why you injured her with a knife? ‘Is this right, that you didn’t contact the police because you knew you were at fault?’ Sparks was visibly shaking in the witness box as she denied all the allegations. The victim’s brother, Darren King told the trial the birthday party descended into chaos following the violent row. He said his sister was ‘sitting in a chair in the kitchen with wounds over her body’. ‘Everyone [was] panicking trying to hold them together,’ he added. Sparks, who now lives in London, was cleared of possessing a blade in a public place. She was released on conditional bail and will be sentenced on June 24. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.