Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker are known for their heavy PDA and didn’t disappoint at their wedding reception. The newlyweds married at the stunning Castello Brown in Portofino, Italy on Sunday, marking their third time down the aisle following ceremonies in Las Vegas and Santa Barbara. After exchanging vows in custom-made Dolce & Gabbana, Kourtney, 43, and Travis, 46, partied the night away with their loved ones at the reception, with guests including the Poosh founder’s mum Kris Jenner and sisters Kim, Khloe, Kylie and Kendall, and the Blink-182 rocker’s children and bandmates. Travis’ close friend Machine Gun Kelly, who attended with fiance Megan Fox, was able to capture a sweet moment between the newlyweds as they hit the dancefloor wearing matching white leather jackets with Kourtney’s saying ‘Mrs Barker’ on the back. The lovebirds held hands and smiled at each other as they swayed to the music and shared a kiss, before Travis picked his wife up in his arms. MGK captioned the video: ‘Okay y’all cute @travisbarker @kourtneykardash not gonna say i called it from the beginning but…,’ taking credit for noticing the romantic connection between the two early on. While Kourtney and Travis’ gothic-themed nuptials were a little out of the ordinary as far as weddings go, they kept some tradition at the reception with the rocker seen on video removing Kourtney’s garter. Footage shared on Instagram by Travis’ daughter Alabama showed the couple snuggling on the dancefloor and cutting shapes with other guests. Andrea Bocelli reportedly kicked off the bash by performing I Found My Love In Portofino, followed by ‘cabaret-style acts orchestrated by Dolce & Gabbana’. MGK is said to have given an impromptu performance of his hit Bloody Valentine, while Kourtney and her sisters shared a ‘cute moment’ singing and dancing to Girls Just Wanna Have Fun, according to People. DJ Cassidy took charge of spinning the tracks for guests, who partied until around 3am. Kourtney and Travis got engaged in October after more than a year of dating, and several of being good friends. They had a ‘practice’ wedding in Las Vegas in April before officially marrying on the steps of a courthouse in Santa Barbara last week. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kim Kardashian shares subtle nod to boyfriend Pete Davidson as she attends sister Kourtney’s wedding without him MORE : Chris Pratt and Katherine Schwarzenegger welcome second child and announce adorable name: ‘We feel beyond blessed’ 