Master P has announced the death of his daughter Tytyana Miller who has died aged 29. The American Rapper shared the devastating news on Instagram where he asked for privacy to grieve. ‘Our family is dealing with an overwhelming grief for the loss of my daughter Tytyana,’ the 52-year-old Rock It artist wrote. ‘We respectfully request some privacy so that our family can grieve. We appreciate all of the prayers love and support.’ Master P, real name Percy Robert Miller Sr, added: ‘Mental illness & substance abuse is a real issue that we can’t be afraid to talk about. With God, we will get through this. #MyAngel’ Miller’s brother Romeo Miller, 32, also paid tribute to his late sister on social media, adding: ‘Our family is dealing with an overwhelming grief for the loss of my little sister Tytyana. ‘We respectfully request some privacy so that our family can grieve. ‘We appreciate all of the prayers, love, and support, and although this is sad times, I’m forever grateful for the memories I did have with my amazing sister.’ He continued: ‘Love on your loved ones, life is short, the silver lining, I know she’s in a way better place and finally at peace and free. God Bless.’ A cause of death has not yet been announced by the family. Before her death, Tytyana had featured on the television series Growing Up Hip Hop, which documented her battle with addiction and her father and brother Romeo’s efforts to help her maintain her sobriety. In a 2016 episode, she talked about entering a rehab facility. ‘I feel like I don’t need to go to rehab – I feel like I could actually do good without rehab,’ Tytyana told her father. Master P told his daughter: ‘I mean you say that TyTy, but on the serious side, I think we should get some professional help just to make sure you stay on track. ‘I think you should at least try it, cause I don’t want you to go back to this.’ Tributes have been flooding in following the news of Tytyana’s death, with one fan writing: ‘Sending my prayers and deepest condolences to you and the family.’ Another said: ‘Our deepest sympathies are with #MasterP as news of his gorgeous daughter, #TytyanaMiller, passing makes the waves. The world is a truly ugly place and when we hear about these deaths, it makes us pause and wonder how can we help them. To Tytyana’s family, you’re in our prayers.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 