Getting a tattoo of a late family member is meant to be a thoughtful, lasting tribute. But one mum has been left heartbroken after her £250 tribute tattoo for late grandma Thelma Jackson ‘looks like Rod Stewart’. Sarah Jackson, 38, booked in to have a giant portrait inked on her upper arm at Creative Tattoo in Warrington, Cheshire after her usual tattooist was on a break. Once Sarah received the tattoo, though, she burst into tears and has been too embarrassed to wear short-sleeve clothing. Sarah posted to Facebook the original image of her smiling grandmother and compared it to her new addition. The tattoo reveals Thelma’s gray hair has been shaded black with glasses resembling goggles and a manly nose. Sarah had saved up for six months for the tattoo and social media users were quick to point out the resemblance to Maggie May hitmaker Rod Stewart. Sarah’s son even thought the tattoo was instead a portrait of his grandad. She says her late grandma would have gone mad at the prospect of being compared to the star – and she hated tattoos anyway. Sarah now faces numerous laser treatments to remove it. She said: ‘When people were saying it looks like a man I just sat there crying my eyes out. I saw people say it looks like Rod Stewart. ‘I was looking forward to having the permanent reminder of her, it’s the way I express myself. ‘I’m heartbroken all over again. It’s a photo which means a lot to me and it was on her funeral card. ‘Her lips, her chin, her eyes, they all look wrong. She’s not even got an eye on the left-hand side and she had white hair not black hair. ‘When you’re looking down at it, it looks completely different. I only realised about five weeks afterwards how bad it was. ‘When I showed it to a friend she said her tattoo artist said he’d never seen anything so shocking in his life. That’s when I realised and started to cry. ‘I put the Facebook post on because I wanted other people’s opinions, but I wish I hadn’t really because it just hurt. ‘I’ve been embarrassed to wear sleeveless tops and at work the bottom of my tattoo sticks out. I’ve tried to ignore it more than anything and put it out of my mind. ‘I’m not an artist, but I like to draw and when I lost my nan I drew a picture it looked more like her than this tattoo does. ‘Even my little boy asked if it was his grandad. I’m upset because I’ve been left with this horrible portrait on my arm. ‘I asked my friend’s tattoo artist and asked if there’s any way we can fix it, and he said we can’t. ‘It’s ironic because my grandma hated tattoos, so she definitely wouldn’t have liked this one. She’d have gone mad.’ Sarah has now met with Creative Tattoo and they have agreed a full refund and compensation package. Sarah added: ‘When I told him I didn’t like it, he said to come back in. He said he’d do more shading and he still had things to do. But if he did any more it would be a big black blob. ‘There’s no sorting it out. I don’t think I could go through it again because this has been horrific.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.