The Bafta TV Awards are officially here, with showbiz icons enjoying the biggest night in British TV. Jodie Comer led the stars at the awards, with the Killing Eve actress winning leading female performance for her role in Help, with her co-star Kathy Tyson winning supporting actress. While Sean Bean couldn’t attend the ceremony, he landed the award for leading male performance, with Matthew Macfadyen winning supporting actor. Ant and Dec’s Saturday Night Takeaway picked up the entertainment award, with Big Zuu having a huge night after winning in two categories – features and entertainment performance. Coronation Street won in the continuing drama or soap category, while Rose Ayling-Ellis and Giovanni Pernice won the must-see moment with their gorgeous silent dance on Strictly Come Dancing. Aside from the wins and losses, we also witnessed some pretty iconic moments – we got the first interviews from Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa, who’s been announced as the 14th Doctor, taking over from Jodie Whittaker this autumn. The actor beamed as he posed with returning showrunner Russell T Davies, before promising that he won’t be dishing out any spoilers. He later received a huge round of applause when he took to the stage to present the award for scripted comedy (which went to Motherland). Meanwhile, Lorraine Kelly couldn’t resist making a dig at Boris Johnson, who recently asked who the daytime TV legend was in his explosive interview with Susanna Reid. While presenting the award for news coverage (which went to ITV News’ coverage of the Storming of the Capitol) she quipped: ‘Hello and a special hello to Boris, I’m Lorraine, lovely to see you’. This evening’s ceremony saw awards handed out by a range of presenters, including Olivia Colman, Katie Piper, Ross Kemp, Suranne Jones, Tom Daley, and Lee Mack. Run by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, each year, the award ceremony celebrates key accomplishments and innovations across film, television and games and the winners will receive the instantly recognisable Bafta award. MORE : Baftas 2022: Martin Freeman and girlfriend Rachel Mariam cuddle up on red carpet MORE : Who is the Bafta mask modelled on? 