Taylor Swift has received an honorary doctorate in fine arts from New York University, allowing her to have her cap and gown moment. The singer, 32, was in attendance for the ceremony at the Yankee Stadium on Wednesday, where she joined the other graduates in a purple and black gown and matching cap. Taylor shared a video of her getting ready for the big event, telling her followers: ‘Wearing a cap and gown for the very first time – see you soon NYU.’ She delivered the commencement address for the class of 2022, joking to the audience: ‘I’m 90% sure the reason I’m here is because I have a song called ’22.’ Taylor added: ‘Last time I was in a stadium this size, I was dancing in heels and wearing a glittery leotard. This outfit is much more comfortable.’ It wasn’t just her song 22 that got a mention in her speech, however, as Taylor also told the family and friends of the graduates: ‘Let me say to you now: Welcome to New York — it’s been waiting for you.’ Taylor’s honorary degree means she is technically Dr Swift, and she told the crowds: ‘I’d like to thank NYU for making me technically, at paper at least, a doctor. ‘Not the type of doctor you would want around in case of an emergency, unless your specific emergency was that you desperately needed to hear a song with a catchy hook and an intensely cathartic bridge section. ‘Or if your emergency was that you needed a person who can name over 50 breeds of cats in one minute.’ The hitmaker also admitted that she turned to music initially as am escape from loneliness, explaining: ‘Not being invited to parties and sleepovers in my hometown made me feel hopelessly lonely. ‘But because I felt alone, I would sit in my room and write songs that would give me a ticket to somewhere else.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Taylor Swift is boyfriend Joe Alwyn’s number one cheerleader as she gives verdict on Conversations With Friends: ‘It’s phenomenal’ MORE : Ashanti ‘empowered’ by Taylor Swift after re-recording her own debut album: ‘Ownership of creativity is so important’