Johnny Depp’s ex-fiancé Jennifer Grey has shared how ‘sad’ she finds the defamation trial with Amber Heard, saying that it ‘breaks her heart’. In recent footage captured at the trial, Heard – who was married to Depp from 2015 to 2017 – appeared to shudder when she came face-to-face with him after delivering her emotional testimony. The Pirates of the Caribbean star is suing his ex-wife for libel and seeking $50million (£39m) in damages after she wrote an article for the Washington Post, which his team argued implies he was sexually and physically violent towards her during their marrige, despite not naming him. He has denied the allegations. In the late 1990s, Dirty Dancing actor Grey became romantically involved with Depp – to whom she was briefly engaged – shortly after her relationship with her Ferris Bueller’s Day Off co-star Matthew Broderick came to an end. Sharing her views on the ongoing Depp and Heard trial, she told Entertainment Tonight: ‘All I can say about that trial is that it breaks my heart for everybody involved.’ The 62-year-old continued: ‘I just think it’s sad and I wish it was resolved and I just wish everybody well.’ In her memoir Out of the Corner, which she is currently promoting, Grey reportedly remembered Depp acting in a ‘crazy jealous and paranoid’ manner during their relationship, when he wanted to know what she’d been up to while he’d been away. ‘I attributed his ill temper and unhappiness to him feeling miserable and powerless to get off 21 Jump Street,’ she wrote, according to The Independent. Metro.co.uk has contacted Depp’s representatives for comment. While speaking to ET, Grey recalled what it was like when she and Depp first became romantically linked, which occurred after she and Broderick were involved in a fatal car crash. Broderick was driving the vehicle in Ireland, with the collision resulting in two women losing their lives. He and Grey ended their relationship shortly afterwards. Speaking about Depp, she said: ‘To me, this guy was the answer to my problems. This guy was sweet, and loving, and romantic, and crazy about me, and beautiful. ‘I was in desperate need of rebounding into something that looked and felt like 1989 Johnny Depp.’ She added that it was a ‘very soft landing’ and was ‘necessary’, stating: ‘I was bleeding out inside and this guy saved me and just made me… not feel what I was feeling.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Mel B fears Johnny Depp and Amber Heard case will hinder ‘support’ for women who come forward with allegations MORE : Johnny Depp’s team say Amber Heard has given ‘performance of her life’ on stand 