Erik ten Hag is set to trim his Manchester United squad by offloading 10 players this summer and could yet decide to sell captain Harry Maguire. Ten Hag signed a three-year deal to take over the Old Trafford club in April and flew in to England from Amsterdam earlier this week. The 52-year-old has already begun work at United but will be staying in London before he attends the club’s final game of the season against Crystal Palace on Sunday. Ten Hag, who won the Eredivisie with Ajax this season, will meet his new squad on Monday as he looks to kick-start his Old Trafford tenure. The Dutchman will oversee a major overhaul this summer with up to 10 first-team players expected to leave Manchester United, according to the Daily Mail. Goalkeeper Dean Henderson looks set to depart having failed to displace David de Gea as United’s No. 1 this term. Newcastle United have been linked with the 25-year-old but newly-promoted Bournemouth are also in the mix. United value Henderson at around £40m and will hope to attract a similar fee for Aaron Wan-Bissaka, who will be sold after an underwhelming spell at the club. Much was expected of the right back when he completed a £50m move from Crystal Palace in 2019 but Wan-Bissaka has been part of a leaky United defence and has recently lost his place in the team to Diogo Dalot. French World Cup winner Paul Pogba is heading the list of free agents on their way out, with Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus both keen to sign the midfielder. Pogba agreed terms with Manchester City earlier this month but U-turned on the move due to concerns over how United fans would react. Jesse Lingard has also played his last game for United and could return to West Ham, where he flourished on loan last season. A number of European clubs have also expressed interest in signing the 29-year-old, including AC Milan. Edinson Cavani, Nemanja Matic, Juan Mata and Lee Grant will also depart on free transfers, while Ten Hag is reportedly open to selling Eric Bailly and Phil Jones, who have both struggled for game-time. It is even claimed that Ten Hag will consider getting rid of Red Devils captain Maguire if he is able to bring one of his top two defensive targets to Old Trafford, with Ajax’s Jurrien Timber and Lisandro Martinez both linked with moves. Speaking last week, Ten Hag admitted his job at Manchester United was a ‘difficult’ but ‘fantastic challenge’. The Red Devils have not won any silverware since 2017 and are just sixth in the Premier League going into the final day of the season. ‘It feels like a challenge to put the club back on track of winning. The options are there, including financially,’ Ten Hag told Voetbal International magazine. ‘I’ve also got a good feeling about the people who are there, and that we can take a step in the direction.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 