Amber Heard spoke of being ‘slapped’ by Johnny Depp as she took to the stand on Wednesday. The Aquaman actress, 36, became emotional as she opened up about her former relationship with he 58-year-old – who is suing her for defamation and seeking $50million (£39m) in damages. Appearing on the stand at the Fairfax County Courthouse on day 14 of the bombshell trial, she explained that the trial had been ‘the most painful and difficult thing I’ve gone through’. ‘I struggle to have the words to describe how painful this is,’ she told the court. ‘This is horrible for me to sit here for weeks and relive everything, (to) hear people that I knew – some well, some not, my ex-husband with whom I shared a life – speak about our lives in the way that they have. ‘This the most painful and difficult thing I’ve gone through for sure.’ While on the stand, Heard recalled an incident in 2013 in which she alleged that the Pirates of the Caribbean actor allegedly became physical. Speaking about the incident, she claimed Depp slapped her three times after she ‘laughed’ about one of his tattoos, reading Wino. ‘(It was) seemingly so stupid and insignificant, I will never forget it, it changed my life,’ she continued. ‘He slapped me across the face, and I laughed because I didn’t know what else to do. ‘I thought this must be a joke… I didn’t know what was going on. I didn’t want this to be the reality.’ ‘I know you don’t come back from that, I’m not dumb, you can’t hit a woman, you can’t hit a man, you can’t hit anyone,’ she said. ‘I knew it was wrong and I knew that I had to leave him and that broke my heart because I didn’t want to leave him… the best thing that ever happened to me. ‘I wish I could sit here and say I stood up and I walked out of that house and I drew a line and I stood up for myself. ‘I was just looking at the dirty carpet trying to will myself to get up, to walk out of the door.’ Heard told the court that Depp then got down on his knees in tears, and was full of apologies about what had happened, vowing that he had ‘put the monster away’. She said that he apologized ‘profusely’ in the following days. When asked if she stayed in the relationship after this, she added: ‘Yeah I did, I believed there was a line, he wouldn’t cross it again and that was it.’ The case began last month and is thought to continue for several more weeks. Depp is among those who have previously taken the stand, with other witnesses including their former couple’s therapist and a forensic psychologist. The Edward Scissorhands star is suing his ex-wife after she penned an op-ed in the Washington Post, titled ‘I spoke up against sexual violence – and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change’. In the 2018 article, she discussed her experiences of domestic abuse, but did not mention him by name – but his team have said that this falsely implies that she was subjected to sexual and physical abuse during their marriage, which he has denied. Heard is countersuing, claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. The former couple first met in 2011 while filming the Rum Diary and later started a relationship, tying the knot in 2015. They announced their split in May, 2016, after a year of marriage. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dave Chappelle’s alleged attacker Isaiah Lee ‘wrote rap named after comedian’ before tackling him on stage MORE : The Kimfluencer is actually about to hit your screens, EastEnders fans 