Dig out your walking boots and grab that head torch, as this year Metro.co.uk is offering you the opportunity to take part in a lifechanging adventure. For our 2022 Lifeline campaign in support of the charity PAPYRUS Prevention of Young Person Suicide, we’ve organised a not-to-be-missed fundraising challenge that involves climbing England’s highest mountain, Scafell Pike, at night. Setting off just before midnight, our trekkers will scale an impressive 985 metres to reach the summit in the early hours, then begin to make their descent as the sun starts to rise over the breathtaking Lake District landscape. Once finished, our weary but proud adventurers will be treated to a celebratory breakfast to mark their amazing achievement. It will be tough, it will be emotional and we have no doubt there will be tears. However, it will also be a night to remember forever, as every step taken will be a step towards helping a young person’s life. In fact, the whole idea of starting the climb at night and finishing at sunrise, is to reflect the vital work PAPYRUS does in helping families and young people find light at the darkest times of their life. Taking place on the night of Saturday 2 July 2022, participants will just need to pay a registration fee of £39 and then raise a minimum of £325 for PAPYRUS, which the charity will use to continue saving more young lives and helping make our communities suicide-safe. You definitely don’t need to be Bear Grylls to take part – just a basic level of fitness, a good pair of walking boots and a great sense of adventure. Oh, and don’t forget your head torch! If you’re a solo traveller or new to challenges, be assured that you’ll also be well looked after every step of the way by the brilliant charity event organisers Charity Challenge, as well as Metro.co.uk and the team at PAPYRUS. From our welcome email directing you to our dedicated JustGiving page to regular updates on training and things to know, especially as the date draws closer, you’ll be fully supported. Then on top of that, there’s our dedicated Lifeline 2022 Facebook page which will be open to all our participants so you can get to know each other, while share trekking tips, accommodation ideas, travel plans and ask any questions you might have about the challenge. Places are limited, so if you want to join us on our unforgettable adventure, sign up to the Scafell Pike at Night Lifeline Challenge here. MORE : ‘We need to talk about child suicide – it’s heartbreaking I didn’t know my daughter was so unhappy’ MORE : ‘I set up a suicide prevention charity to stop other families from suffering like us’ MORE : My son took his own life in lockdown – as a parent, you can’t help but feel guilty 