Amber Heard lost her bid to have Johnny Depp’s $50million (£39m) defamation lawsuit dismissed. The Aquaman actress’ team made a motion to dismiss the case earlier today, something that Depp’s lawyers disputed in a lengthy speech. Judge Penney Azcarate is presiding over the case, held at the Fairfax County Court in Virgina, and ruled that sufficient evidence had been presented to continue the case. ‘If there is a scintilla of evidence that a reasonable juror could weigh, then the matter survives a motion to strike,’ she noted via Deadline. She also explained that there was ‘evidence that jurors could weigh that the statements were about the plaintiff, that the statements were published and that the statement was false, and that the defendant made the statement knowing it to be false or that the defendant made it so recklessly as to amount to willful disregard for the truth. ‘The weight of that evidence is up to the fact finders.’ After a lunch break, the trial continued with Heard’s lawyers calling their first witness, with Dr Dawn Hughes, a clinical and forensic psychologist, taking the stand. Follow the liveblog from the trial here. Heard was due to be the opening witness in the defense but will reportedly be second on the stand as her team ‘shifts tactics’. Depp launched a lawsuit against his ex-wife over her 2018 op-ed in the Washington Post, in which she wrote about her experience of suffering domestic abuse. While she didn’t name the Pirates of the Caribbean actor, his lawyers argued that this falsely implies that he sexually and physically abused her – something he has fiercely denied. The 36-year-old has countersued for $100million (£76m), claiming that her former partner libeled her by calling her a liar. The trial began last month, with Depp among those taking the stand beside various witnesses, including Heard’s former nurse, their former couple’s therapist and the Edward Scissorhands’ actor’s security guard. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Danny Boyle’s Sex Pistols TV series celebrates rock carnage as chaotic trailer drops MORE : Umbrella Academy season 3 first look pictures reveal debut of Euphoria star Javon Walton as mysterious character 