Prince Charles appeared calm and collected as he took on the Queen’s Speech for the first time ever on Tuesday. But the future king didn’t have an ideal journey to Parliament in his Rolls Royce, according to a lip reader. Jeremy Freeman, who is an expert in his field, claims the royal shared a moan with Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, ahead of the ‘big moment in royal history’. The Prince of Wales apparently complained ‘oh my word, that was uncomfortable’ after climbing out of the vehicle at the Sovereign’s entrance. All eyes were on him as he shared the government’s legislative agenda for the year, saying the priority was to ‘strengthen the economy and help ease the cost of living’. He was standing in for his mother, who has cancelled a number of events as she suffers from episodic mobility problems. Charles travelled to the State Opening of Parliament dressed in his Admiral of the Fleet uniform, medals and honour insignia. After arriving, he could be seen getting down to business by giving his wife advice on where to stand, The Mirror reports. He also greeted officers lining the route to the throne room, telling one: ‘I hope you’re well.’ It was also Prince William’s first time appearing on the Queen’s behalf as a Counsellor of State at the annual occasion. Her Majesty’s throne remained empty, though her Imperial State Crown was still transported to Parliament and symbolically placed next to Charles on a velvet cushion. Joe Little, managing editor of Majesty magazine, has said it ‘must have been a hugely significant moment’ for the prince, who will one day become monarch. ‘It was rather telling the way that as the Imperial State Crown was placed on the table at the side of him, he looked at it for several seconds’, he said. ‘You kind of wondered at the time what was going through his mind. As people have been saying today, we’re looking at the future. ‘It was a duty that he would rather not have had to fulfil but nevertheless that’s what he and William were there for as Counsellors of State. It’s a big moment in royal history.’ MORE : How old is Prince Charles and what title will he have when he is King? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.