Piers Morgan: Uncensored is struggling to keep up viewership, with an all-time low of just 10,000 tuning in on Wednesday night. Piers returned to our screens with a bang last night, just over a year after sensationally storming off the set of Good Morning Britain. He was hoping to ‘cancel the cancel culture’ in a brand-new, no holes barred weeknight show, with fiery guests such as Donald Trump and Caitlyn Jenner appearing so far. But despite managing to draw in nearly 400,000 viewers on his debut show, new data shows his latest episode attracted its lowest figures yet. Wednesday’s episode received an average of 24,000 viewers, and ended with just 10,000, according to official BARB (Broadcasters Audience Research Board) data. Piers’ show has seen numbers dwindle ever since it launched on April 25. Last week, he was beaten by Nigel Farage when show figures fell to their lowest yet. Farage’s 7pm show peaked at 73,600 viewers, whereas Morgan’s 8pm slot only managed 58,800 viewers. The latest blow comes amid an eventful week for the programme, with a guest hurling out profanities during an appearance on Monday night. The former GMB host received the insult while he interviewed a guest about trans rights. At one point, the guest said: ‘I don’t really know. I’m going to leave the interview now. I kind of only came on here because I thought it would be kind of funny. ‘I want to say you’re a c***-‘ they added, before being cut off. Piers went on: ‘I want to apologise again to all viewers.’ Of course, the moment soon when viral, but Piers himself seemed pleased with the attention the clip was getting online, tweeting: ‘517k views & rising fast…’ He does remain the channel’s most popular presenter though, even if his colleagues aren’t providing much of a contest. Earlier this month, Tom Newton Dunn received just 3,600 tuning in, with The Guardian claiming the programme failed to register a single viewer for half of its broadcast on Tuesday, May 3. Metro.co.uk has contacted TalkTV for comment. Piers Morgan: Uncensored airs weekdays from 8pm on TalkTV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Piers Morgan takes savage swipe at Dan Walker as he bids farewell to BBC Breakfast: ‘End of an error’ MORE : Piers Morgan and climate activist who also stormed off Good Morning Britain bond over explosive exits: ‘All the best people do’ 