Blac Chyna’s mother has set up a GoFundMe page to fund her daughter’s appeal against the Kardashian-Jenner family. American model Chyna, 33, attempted to sue the Kardashians, alleging that Kris, Kim, Khloe and Kylie specifically were responsible for her reality show, Rob and Chyna, being axed. Chyna, real name Angela White, was engaged to Kardashian brother Rob and the pair share five-year-old daughter Dream together; their reality show was cancelled after they split in 2016. While Rob’s attorney said their split is what caused the show to end, Chyna insists the Kardashians plotted to ensure her show was taken off the air. She was seeking $108 million (£83 million) in damages from the billion-dollar family, but on Monday, the 12-member jury found the Kardashian-Jenners shouldn’t have to pay damages regarding the former make-up artist’s loss of income and future earnings. Chyna had vowed to appeal the decision and now her mother, Tokyo Toni – who was banned from the courtroom during the trial for making threats against the family on social media – has asked fans to contribute to help pay the future legal costs. Toni – real name Shalana Hunter – shared GoFundMe page Cheering for Blac Chyna which currently has 60 donors who have raised a total of $1000 (£811) towards its target of $40,000 (£32,000). Writing on the donation page, Tokyo wrote simply: ‘Hey It’s Tokyo Toni…  Family and friends… Sincerely, Momma Tokyo.’ Chyna’s attorney Lynne Ciani had vowed to appeal shortly after the verdict was announced which left the Kardashians victorious in the case. She said: ‘Two things. Number one, the jury found that Chyna had not physically abused Rob Kardashian. ‘Number two, the jury found that all four defendants intentionally interfered with [Chyna’s] contracts with the E! Network. We will appeal the remainder of the verdict.’ Chyna – who also shares nine-year-old son King Cairo with rapper Tyga – had been seeking millions in damages from sisters Kim, 41, Khloe, 37, their half-sister Kylie Jenner, 24, and their mother Kris Jenner, 66. Several accusations had been made throughout the trial claiming Chyna had exhibited ‘threatening’ behaviour towards her former flame and his family over the years. Following the verdict, the Kardashian-Jenner family’s attorney Michael Rhodes told reporters: ‘I think the case was very clear cut. The jury got it. I appreciate their service. ‘I think the judge did a wonderful job of making sure it was a fair trial.’ He added: ‘They [the Kardashian-Jenners] were very pleased, very grateful. They were emphatic in their explicit expression of pleasure. ‘I got to know them quite well over the last few years, and as you know, they’re exuberant.’ Defence attorney Michelle Carrie Doolin added: ‘Mr. [Rob] Kardashian is very grateful to the jury service and happy to have this matter behind him. And he looks forward to moving on to a new chapter and raising his beautiful daughter.’ Last week, a judge ruled Kim would no longer be part of the trial because Chyna had ‘not identified’ any specific defamatory statement made towards her by the star after the family’s attorney filed a request. Chyna had alleged that her reality show Rob & Chyna was cancelled after its first season after the Kardashian family falsely told network executives and producers that Chyna had physically attacked Kardashian in December 2016. The court heard that Chyna had held a gun to Kardashian’s head and choked him with a phone charging wire, with Chyna claiming the gun incident was a ‘joke’ and never pointed it at him. The jury was also told that while filming may have been continuous for Rob & Chyna, the second series had never been greenlit by the time the couple split up, meaning the show could not continue without the central premise of their relationship. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kardashians win $100,000,000 defamation case against Blac Chyna and won’t have to pay her a penny MORE : Kim Kardashian ‘cleared of defamation in Blac Chyna trial’ over E! series axe 