Silent Witness viewers were obsessing over Amanda Burton’s return to the forensic thriller after 18 years off-screen. After the season 24 finale saw Sam Ryan ringing Nikki Alexander (Emilia Fox) to ask for her help, fans were hoping for a grand comeback – and that’s exactly what they got tonight. Monday’s episode kicked off with an intense shooting which saw the health secretary being killed during the launch of her new company, resulting in Sam asking the Lyell team for their help. Sam summoned the team with a plea to help investigate, however Nikki was skeptical about her intentions and questioned whether she was trustworthy. Naturally, fans were living for Amanda’s long-awaited debut, and immediately took to Twitter, with one writing: ‘Great to see this brilliant drama back and what way to mark 25th anniversary than to bring back a silent witness old favourite Sam Ryan aka Amanda burton.’ ‘And breathe! wow #SilentWitness is certainly back with a bang, so much to unpack!! What a start to #SW25. ‘And I am hooked on the dynamic between @EmiliaFox and Amanda Burton, can’t wait to see more unfold with Jack & Nikki and @GenesisLynea is just a force. We’re back!’ another enthused. ‘Great to see Amanda Burton back in #SilentWitness again! @EmiliaFox also on fine form as ever,’ one person tweeted. Amanda left the show in 2004, when her character returned home to Northern Ireland to be with her family. After her return was revealed last year, Amanda said in a teaser: ‘I am so excited to be returning to Silent Witness and stepping back into Sam Ryan’s shoes – with a difference! Audiences can look forward to plenty of twists and turns as they discover what Sam’s been doing since leaving the Lyell.’ As cast and crew desperately tried to keep the news under wraps, Amanda’s return nearly ended up being leaked as they filmed in Liverpool in front of crowds of fans. Producer Nick Lambon weighed in: ‘We were trying to keep Amanda’s involvement completely secret and suddenly 200 people turned up for three days to watch us filming and wandering around Elsewhere in the episode, love was certainly in the air for Nikki (Emelia) and Dr Jack Hodgson (David Caves) as they both spent the night in Jack’s hotel room. Chatting at the series 25 premiere earlier this month, the pair both seemingly confirmed there would be much more to come as their friendship blossoms into something more. David coyly told Metro.co.uk and other press: ‘What can I tell you? Gosh, Jack seemed quite keen. I can’t speak for Nikki but yes, this kiss, we knew what that would mean, so we didn’t take that lightly. ‘It was quite a big, quite a big deal to two characters suddenly kiss like that, but we felt it was right for a moment. Silent Witness returns on Tuesday at 9pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Silent Witness stars Emilia Fox and David Caves confirm more to come from Nikki and Jack romance: ‘We’ve laid the breadcrumbs’ MORE : Silent Witness: Who is Tom Faulkner? Producer Nick Lambon teases Tom’s connection to Nikki and Sam Ryan 