This is the moment Prince William warmly embraces a man who is overwhelmed with emotion during a trip with Kate Middleton to Glasgow. The couple met vulnerable people, including those at risk of homelessness receiving help from Scotland’s leading housing management group. William and Kate surprised the Wheatley Group’s tenants during a walkabout through Kennishead, in the south side of the city. Mum-of-four Joanne Wales, 31, opened the front door of her new-build home to welcome the future King and Queen. Inside they met son Jason, four, who showed the royal couple his Spider-Man and Hulk toys. Kate told him: ‘Louis our little boy loves Spider-Man too.’ Joanne, who has been a single parent since her partner died nearly two years ago, said the couple were ‘absolutely lovely’. She added: ‘It was not as weird as I had thought it would be because they just put you at ease, they are so nice and welcoming. ‘They just wanted to make sure that I was doing okay and that I look after myself because sometimes mums tend to put themselves on the back pedal.’ Joanne told William and Kate how her energy-efficient house design is helping reduce her energy bills. Measures like this are all the more important as the whole country faces a cost of living crisis. Joanne said: ‘With four young kids then energy bills is a big concern. There’s always a need for a new pair of shoes or new clothes. ‘I don’t need to put the heating on as much during the day in my new home. It’s made a big difference.’ Wheatley Homes Glasgow tenant chair Bernadette Hewitt said it was ‘wonderful’ to have the royal couple visit and said it was ‘a day our tenants will never forget’. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge also met mothers whose children receive books through a partnership between the group and the Dolly Parton Imagination Library. Kirsty Holmes, 25, told the couple her four-year-old son Theo’s favourite book is The Gingerbread Man. Kate offered him a cupcake from a plate on the table and praised his Spider-Man glasses. Afterwards, Ms Holmes said: ‘I enjoyed talking to them, they were very welcoming and down to earth. They seem to really like children, they were asking about our experiences with the books.’ Lynette Wilson, 36, who has children aged one, two and 14, told the couple how she has been helped by Wheatley Foundation’s EatWell emergency food parcel service. Her daughter Olivia gave William a picture she had drawn of him and Kate told her it was ‘very good’. The couple also met students Pauline Tabot, 26, and Ceri Maclarty, 25, who have received education bursaries from the Wheatley Foundation to help with their studies. William and Kate also toured St John’s Primary School in Port Glasgow to learn about an innovative project where children interact with a mother and baby. The aim is for pupils to learn about child development and also to improve their empathy with others and reduce bullying. By the end of it, Kate was holding 10-month-old Saul after his session with his mother Laura Molloy. William joked that the visit was making his wife broody. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   