Heart Radio presenter Yasmin Evans has returned to work after sharing the horrific details of a brutal assault that left her ‘knocked out cold twice’. The shocking incident happened on Friday night as the 31-year-old was walking towards Liverpool Street station in London to get a train home with a friend. Yasmin, a former BBC Radio 1Xtra DJ, revealed how one man grabbed her arm before arguing and proceeded to ‘punch [her] in the face’. She was reportedly hit with such force that it ‘knocked me out cold twice along with the person I was with’. Sharing the harrowing ordeal in her Instagram stories, the presenter wrote: ‘Three black guys and a guy who was mixed race all punched and kicked me while I was on the ground. ‘Knocked me out twice whilst saying “just because you’re a women [sic] doesn’t mean I won’t f**k you up”.’ She added: ‘I’ve called the police but if anyone was on Liverpool Street and saw anything please contact me… Like I said one mixed race guy, three black guys one of them with short dreads tied back in a bobble that were dipped dyed blonde. I would appreciate your help at around 1:00am in London.’ After being bombarded with support, Yasmin later told her followers: ‘Still quite shocked but we are okay, injuries may take a little healing but we are good, a crutch is a great accessory at the moment. ‘I would really like to figure this out in some way, the Police have been very supportive. ‘But firstly I just need to process what happened. I am supported and not alone, decided to continue with a little bit of my day today and I appreciate you uplifting me. This is all really quite s**t isn’t it?’ In another update, Yasmin revealed two witnesses have since reached out to her after seeing the brutal attack. On Sunday, she returned to work at her Heart Radio show and said: ‘Hobbled here. Game face (voice) on.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Yasmin’s reps and the City of London Police for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ed Sheeran to sing hit ballad Perfect in tribute to Queen and Philip’s lifelong love at Jubilee Pageant MORE : Love Island 2022 ‘to make history with first-ever deaf contestant’ 