Aaron Ramsdale does not believe Arsenal’s inaction in the January transfer window cost them fourth spot and is anticipating an ‘interesting’ summer window with several new faces arriving. The Gunners missed out on Champions League qualification by just two points, finishing the season behind north London rivals Tottenham, and many critics felt Mikel Arteta’s decision to trim his squad at the halfway point of the campaign without bringing in any reinforcements proved costly. But Ramsdale has defended Arsenal’s strategy in January, saying it was very nearly vindicated, though he is keen to see the club add new players over the summer – particularly now they are back in Europe. Asked if some new signings could solve Arsenal’s shortcomings – and whether they missed a trick not strengthening in January – Ramsdale told the Seaman Says podcast: ‘Yeah I think it’s going to be another interesting summer this one. ‘We obviously brought in quite a number of players in the last summer window. ‘I know for a fact the club tried hard to bring some players in in January and we just couldn’t get them over the line. ‘But it’s one of those things, hindsight is a wonderful, wonderful thing because we could have got fourth without signing anyone and people would have said it’s because [of the decisions in January].’ Asked if Arteta discusses potential signings with the players, Ramsdale continued: ‘No, he doesn’t openly say that. ‘It’s just one of those things, you’re at a football club and you hear rumours around the training ground and things like that. ‘But we’ll look to sign some players in the summer which will be good and obviously, when you’re playing in Europe and you’re playing in the Premier League, you do need very good squad depth. ‘Although we didn’t have a huge amount of players, whenever the players did step in, I never felt – and we never felt – that we were losing any quality or anything like that. ‘So I think something the manager did really well is that the ones who stayed and the ones who played, he knew he could rely on all of them.’ MORE : Gary Neville clarifies ‘strange’ comments about Mikel Arteta leaving Arsenal MORE : Bayern Munich refusing to grant contract rebel Serge Gnabry bumper pay rise For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 