Tottenham Hotspur enjoyed a dream north London derby in the Premier League on Thursday night as they hammered Arsenal 3-0 and kept their top four hopes alive. It was a disaster of an evening for the Gunners at the home of their fierce rivals, as they were not only well beaten but saw Rob Holding sent off in the first half and Gabriel limp off injured in the second. Harry Kane got two of the three goals – a penalty and a scrambled effort from a corner in the first half – while Son Heung-Min scored less than two minutes after half time to end the game as a contest. Mikel Arteta’s side remain in control of the race for fourth place, holding onto it, one point and one place ahead of Spurs. However, with two games to play, things will be very tense for them in their trip to Newcastle and when they welcome Everton to the Emirates. Spurs are still to host Burnley and go to Norwich, aiming for six points and hoping the Gunners slip up. It was a frantic start to the game with tempers flaring early on and it seemed that cards were to be shown over the contest. It was a foul that brought about the first goal as Cedric Soares nudged Son in the back as a cross was swung into the penalty box. While some would label it a ‘soft’ penalty, it looked like a clear foul and it allowed Kane to comfortably slot home the spot-kick on 22 minutes. The bad start for Arsenal got worse as Rob Holding picked up two bookings within seven minutes and had been given his marching orders just 33 minutes into the match. Holding was lucky to avoid a yellow card before he was booked for holding Son, then received a second yellow for cloberring the South Korean with his shoulder to halt a counter-attack. It was mindless from the centre-back. Kane got his second shortly afterwards as Rodrigo Bentancur flicked on a corner with his head for the England captain to bundle the ball in at the back post. Arsenal got into the break looking in big trouble and things got much worse less than two minutes after the restart. Kane broke into the box but was eventually halted by Gabriel, only for the ball to bobble to Son who powered a finish past Aaron Ramsdale. Spurs continued to dominate the rest of the second half with little offensive work to note from the visitors, except a sharp chance for Martin Odegaard with 10 minutes to play which was hit straight at Hugo Lloris. The injury added to insult for Arsenal was Gabriel limping out of the contest holding his hamstring, which looks set to be another blow for Arteta ahead of the final two games of the season. The game had long since been over when referee Paul Tierney blew the final whistle, but the race for the top four is now very much alive. MORE : Gary Neville blasts ‘little boy’ Rob Holding after Arsenal defender sees red in north London derby against Tottenham MORE : Cesc Fabregas advises Mikel Arteta on how Arsenal can get better of Antonio Conte’s Tottenham in crunch north London derby For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 