Bruno Tonioli has quit Strictly Come Dancing after 18 years on the show, he confirmed during an appearance on The One Show. The judge, 66, revealed that he would not be returning to the BBC show after missing last year’s series due to Covid travel restrictions, with Anton Du Beke taking his place on the panel alongside Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood and Motsi Mabuse. Bruno revealed the reason for his decision: ‘Unfortunately Dancing With The Stars has moved over to Disney+ to stream live, which is a big deal and very, very exciting. ‘And again, because of the travel situation, I can not really guarantee that I’m going to be there, because anything can happen.’ He explained that the travel restrictions between the UK and US due to Covid meant he could no longer reliably fly between the countries each week. Bruno added: ‘It’s absolutely my decision and I think Anton has done a fantastic job and deserves to be on that seat.’ He told him: ‘Carry on, do me proud – you’ve already done that anyway.’ However, it might not be the last we see of Bruno on Strictly, as he added: ‘I may do the tour, I’m not gone forever – don’t count me out!’ Bruno will now focus his attentions on Dancing With The Stars US, in which he also serves as a panellist. Rumours had abounded that Anton would become a full-time judge on the show, with an insider telling The Sun: ‘We have been told Anton’s contract as a judge is going to be renewed. The bosses were really happy with his performance.’ Before Bruno’s announcement, judge Craig suggested Strictly could accommodate five judges. He suggested to MailOnline: ‘Bruno adds something Anton can’t and vice-versa, if you look at it that way, so I think they’ve both got different opinions which I think is perfectly good. ‘We could easily have five people on that panel. I think our time would be limited because there are only two minutes for the judges to talk but we would make it count.’ The One Show airs weekdays from 7pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Strictly Come Dancing’s Bruno Tonioli ‘quits BBC series after 18 years’ MORE : Strictly Come Dancing bosses ‘split’ over Bruno Tonioli and Anton Du Beke judge roles: ‘There’s much divided opinion’ 