By now, we are all well aware of how our daily consumption habits harm the environment. And our everyday coffee adds to this. While it’s a lovely morning treat, picking up a disposable coffee cup and plastic top is just creating more waste in a world that can’t handle it. To slow this destruction, many turned to reusable coffee cups instead. Available in a myriad of colours, patterns and styles, they become a type of fashion accessory. However, they can be tricky to carry around. Whether you are on the daily commute or out for a walk with friends, unless your bag is sizeable, a reusable coffee cup is a clunky accessory. Which is why we were pleasantly surprised when we came across a foldable reusable coffee cup on Amazon. Called My Useful Cup (MUC) the handy gadget is made in Germany by a brand called up2u. The cup is described as helping to make ‘sustainability a trendy lifestyle’. Buy My Useful Cup for £16.49 from Amazon It has a ‘innovative and patented folding mechanism’ and is said to be ideal for camping, hiking, shopping or in the office. The product description reads: ‘With a simple twist, the cup can be minimised to 1/3 of its size so that it fits into any jacket or handbag…Eco-friendly and dishwasher safe, our drinking cup is 100 % recyclable, 100 % BPA free and food safe. ‘The ABS plastic and silicone used are extremely durable, tear-resistant and UV-resistant.’ It protects both hot and cold drinks and has a rubber band that gives the cup more stability. And it seems the item is a popular choice among Amazon shoppers. It currently has a four-star rating on the site from a total of 114 reviews. ‘I found this cup really easy to collapse and the elasticated strap keeps it closed well,’ wrote one revier. ‘The cup is the equivalent size to a standard mug, or a small at coffee shops and the lid has an opening with a lid to shut off to prevent spillages when not drinking.’ While another said: ‘We’ve all done it. You leave the house with your reusable coffee cup, then you’ve no where to keep it once finished! This handy little thing folds down and can be popped in a pocket after use or taken out to be used if you can’t find a clean mug. Hard plastic construction, holds the heat well.’ The best part is that the cup is just £16.49 to buy and comes in four different colours. Get yours for £16.49 from Amazon. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Derelict’ property unoccupied for 60 years is on the market for £350,000 MORE : Savvy sisters save £500 a month by yellow-sticker shopping and batch-cooking meals MORE : How much does Amazon Prime cost in the UK?