Three holidaymakers have died after a ‘health emergency’ at a luxury resort in the Bahamas, according to reports. Two men and a woman from America were found unresponsive at Sandals Emerald Bay in Exuma on Friday. Investigators are working to identify a cause of death and what links the three incidents. The Bahamas holiday destination is popular with Brits, along with other hotels in the chain across the Caribbean. Chester Cooper, the country’s minister of tourism, told the Mirror another woman was airlifted to a hospital in the capital. He said ‘foul play is not suspected’ but it remains unclear how all fell ill in close proximity. In a statement, he said: ‘I have been briefed by the commissioner of police and the resort’s executive management on the matter….Police are investigating and the cause of death is still unknown. ‘However, I am advised that foul play is not suspected’ He added: ‘The public will be kept abreast of information as soon as it becomes available. We offer our thoughts and prayers to the families affected.’ According to People, local police believe two of those who died complained of feeling ill the night before. A force spokesperson said: ‘Our initial investigations revealed that the couple found in the second villa complained of illness the previous evening. ‘They attended the local medical facility and on completion of receiving treatment, they returned to their lodging.’ They said two of the victims – a couple – were found in the same property and had shown signs of ‘convulsions’ but there were no indications of trauma. A Sandals spokesperson said: ‘Nothing is more important to Sandals Resorts than the safety of our guests. ‘It is with deep sadness that we can confirm the passing of three guests at Emerald Bay Resort on May 6, 2022. ‘A health emergency was initially reported and following our protocols we immediately alerted emergency medical professionals and relevant local authorities to provide support and investigate the situation.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.