Tom Cruise was mobbed as he rocked up to the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration, walking through Windsor to the big event. The Top Gun star is taking a leading role alongside the likes of Dame Helen Mirren in the celebration, which is being broadcast on ITV, While his role has been kept under wraps, Tom, 59, made quite the entrance, wandering through Windsor and being surrounded by fans. The star rocked a casual look, smiling away as he enjoyed the atmosphere. Later speaking to Phillip Schofield and Julie Etchingham, Tom explained: ‘She’s a woman I greatly admire…What she’s accomplished has been historic.’ The evening, which is being broadcast live from Windsor Castle, will celebrate Queen Elizabeth’s 70 years on the throne. It will also feature celeb guests including: Adjoa Andoh, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Ant and Dec, Dame Joan Collins, Sir Mo Farah, Dame Maureen Lipman, Sir David Jason, Alan Titchmarsh, Dame Kelly Holmes, Moira Stuart and Sir Trevor McDonald. It will feature 1300 performers and 500 horses and is made up of four acts which will be overseen by hosts Tom Cruise, Damian Lewis, Adjoa Andoh and Alan Titchmarsh. Dame Helen will take on the role of Queen Elizabeth I, while a cast of ‘Queen’s Players’ will be introduced by a character called ‘The Herald’ played by Omid Djalili. The Herald will whisk viewers through time linking the acts together, narrating and anchoring the stories. It will show moments from history like Elizabeth I’s Tilbury Speech and James I and the Gunpowder Plot and will celebrate the Commonwealth, as well as the four nations of the UK. There will also be performances from Keala Settle, Gregory Porter and Katherine Jenkins. Queen Elizabeth, who is already the longest-reigning British monarch in history, marked 70 years on the throne in February but the celebrations for the event will take place in June. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lorraine Kelly insists Prince Harry ‘should come to Queen’s jubilee’ after claims he’ll miss landmark occasion MORE : Platinum Jubilee on TV: Everything you need to know from The Repair Shop special to live coverage 