Cutting your way through Netflix’s vast library just to find something to watch is made much easier with the service’s recommendations. These pop up on the homescreen as shows and movies the streaming giant thinks you might like, based on your past history. That’s because everything you watch on Netflix, how long you watch it for and when you choose to watch it are stored as data. The company uses this to try and find the most relevent stuff to keep you streaming. But it can get a bit complicated if you let someone else – spouse, child, friend, roommate – use your profile instead of their own. The best thing to do is assign them their own profile but, if you don’t want to do that, there’s a reasonably simple way to cull your viewing history and get your recommendations firing on all cylinders. If you head to your Netflix account on a web browser, you’ll need to find the ‘My Viewing Activity’ option, which is located under Account and then via the drop-down menu under Profile & Parental Controls. From there, you’ll see a history of all the most recent shows and movies you’ve watching on that profile. Each piece of content will have a ‘Hide from Viewing Activity’ button to the right of it – it’s the button with the line diagonally through a circle. Clicking this button will tell Netflix not to include this show or movie when it’s trying to come up with suggestions for you. This trick may come in handy if you’re a Netflix user that shares their password with friends and family. At least 27% of the estimated 14.9 million subscribers in the UK are guilty of doing it, with the practice most prevalent among 18- to 24-year-olds. A study from research firm Digital i found in Netflix’s five biggest European markets – the UK, Germany, Spain, France and Italy – a ‘minimum’ of 17 million households share their passwords. Spain leads the way with 47% of subscribers, followed by Germany (42%), France (35%) and Italy (33%). The UK, which is Netflix’s biggest European market, actually has the lowest level of password sharing of the five. MORE : Netflix and streaming services will be regulated by Ofcom to protect viewers from ‘harmful content’ MORE : Meghan Markle’s animated series axed by Netflix over cutbacks