Margaret Qualley and Jack Antonoff are engaged, it has been claimed. The couple started dating last summer and were spotted packing on the PDA in August, cementing their relationship with a kiss. The Maid actress, 27, sparked speculation over their romance as she hit the red carpet at Cannes Film Festival, debuting a huge diamond ring on her left hand. She looked incredible at the Stars At Noon red carpet, opting for a black dress with bejeweled buttons down the front. But it was the sparkler on her ring finger that sparked speculation, with an insider confirming to People Magazine that she is set to tie the knot with her beau, 38. Margaret, daughter of Hollywood icon Andie MacDowell, sent fans into a spin as she shared her red carpet outfit on Instagram, with fans questioning where her bling had come from. ‘Is that a diamond from @jackantonoff,’ a follower questioned ‘Someone put a ring on it,’ another suggested. One praised: ‘Love that ring, girl!’ As an Instagram user added: ‘Girl is that an engagement ring?!’ However, the couple have yet to confirm their happy news with fans and have not addressed the speculation on social media, Margaret first started dating musician Jack last year, but the pair have kept their romance firmly behind closed doors. Despite keeping things pretty low-key, they made a joint appearance at the AFI luncheon in Beverly Hills in March of this year, before hitting up the Critics Choice Awards just two days later. They didn’t pose together on the red carpet, but Margaret later shared photos of her beau from inside the ceremony, with the caption: ‘Date night’. Before going public with their romance, the Grammy-winner famously dated Lena Dunham and Carlotta Kohl. While the Death Note star previously dated Shia LaBeouf, and was romantically linked to Pete Davidson and Nat Wolff. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Margaret and Jack for a comment, Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Hanks recalls Queen knocking back her favourite cocktail at special dinner: ‘It wasn’t water in a glass’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent 2022: David Walliams jokingly threatens to ‘leave show’ if his golden buzzer act Born To Perform don’t make final 