The cost-of-living crisis is not something that can be resolved through savvy saving challenges or cutting back on takeaway coffees. Bigger changes from the top are needed to get us out of this mess. But as we wait for those in power to take action, we’re all keen to pinch the pennies where we can – and while this isn’t a forever fix, money-saving advice is appreciated as we try to get through this rocky period. With that in mind, we asked the personal finance experts at My Favourite Voucher Codes to share their top tips for saving our cash amid ever-rising costs. ‘The cost-of-living crisis is a very real threat to every single person in the UK, with so much of it seemingly out of our hands to do anything about it,’ says Julian House, the site’s managing director. ‘But now is the time to take control where we can; cut corners, use discounts and know with clarity what each of us can do to fully combat the current crisis on our own terms.’ Here’s what they recommend. Vampire appliances are silently increasingly the monthly bills for millions of unsuspecting victims – but the good news is, there’s an easy fix. ‘Standby mode – when your devices are plugged in and switched on while out of use – is costing UK households on average £147 a year,’ say the experts. ‘From microwaves to laptops permanently on charge, the simple rule of thumb is: if you don’t need it on, switch it off.’ Drivers, bear this in mind: ‘On average, a five-mile motorway journey at a steady pace of 50mph costs around £1, increasing dramatically by close to 50% when upping the speed to 70mph over the same distance. ‘Sticking to the speed sweet spot will save you money in the long run, all at the cost of easing up on the accelerator.’ ‘Paying RRP is a thing of the past,’ say My Favourite Voucher Codes. ‘Voucher codes and online discounts are a sure-fire way to save on an array of products, experiences, gifts and more – there’s a voucher for pretty much everything! There are numerous online sites at your disposal, with ours an example of free-to-use discounts at your fingertips.’ It’s a depressing state of affairs when we have to decide between heating our homes or eating, and, again, we want to be clear that none of these tips are solutions to a larger issue that needs urgent action from the top. But if you’re not in a state of crisis, and are instead just trying to cut down your costs a little, looking at your heating is a good place to start. ‘Eating or heating – a depressing reality for many households since the April price-cap increase – with a typical bill coming in at around £1,971 a year,’ say the experts. ‘When considering combatting the cold while maintaining control over your heating bills, always look to compare the relative cost of usage. ‘Consider swapping the thermostat-twisting for an electric blanket to warm your evenings – all at a cost of around 2p-4p a day to run.’ ‘Haggling may not come naturally to many of you, but don’t let that get in the way of a good deal,’ say the team. ‘A survey conducted by Which? earlier this year found that customers that haggled over broadband-only packages saved an average of £85 a year, with combined television and broadband customers raking in a whopping annual saving of £128. ‘Costs are not binary – negotiate and reap the rewards.’ If you want more tips and tricks on saving money, as well as chat about cash and alerts on deals and discounts, join our Facebook Group, Money Pot. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Eight common money mistakes you’re probably making – and how to quit them MORE : More help is coming to tackle cost of living crisis, promises No 10 MORE : What I Rent: Heather and Ryan, £900 a month for a three-bedroom house in Edgeley, Stockport