Rihanna and A$AP Rocky are celebrating the birth of their first child together, it has been claimed. We Found Love singer welcomed a baby boy in LA on May 13, according to reports. However, his name has not been confirmed by the new parents. The lovebirds, who were first lined in 2020, have also not shared any photos of their new arrival. The couple revealed they were expecting their first baby at the end of January with a stunning photoshoot to unveil Rihanna’s growing bump. Rihanna and A$AP, real name Rakim Mayers, were seen in the snowy streets of New York as the singer left her long pink coat open over her bare bump, which was adorned with jewelled chains. Although the pair did not address the pregnancy directly, they let the distinct bump do the talking on their behalf. Rihanna recently opened up about motherhood, alongside a stunning photoshoot for Vogue, and explained that she was turning her back on traditional aspects of her pregnancy journey. In true RiRi form, she wanted to swap out a ‘traditional’ baby shower for an all-out co-ed party, with all attendees ‘plastered and crawling out’. The Grammy-winner also wasn’t keen on a gender reveal party, and told the publication: ‘I asked my doctor: Is something wrong with me for not wanting this? Because people keep asking me. Am I a bad mom? When we’re ready to tell the world, we’ll just tell them,; Speaking about her iconic maternity wardrobe, she added: ‘When I found out I was pregnant, I thought to myself, There’s no way I’m going to go shopping in no maternity aisle. I’m sorry – it’s too much fun to get dressed up. I’m not going to let that part disappear because my body is changing. ‘I’m hoping that we were able to redefine what’s considered “decent” for pregnant women. My body is doing incredible things right now, and I’m not going to be ashamed of that. This time should feel celebratory. Because why should you be hiding your pregnancy?’ However, the final few weeks of her pregnancy weren’t as quiet and low-key as the couple may have wanted, as they were faced with a series of scandals. Shortly after her Vogue cover hit the newsstands, in which she also raved about life with A$AP, it was falsely claimed that the rapper had been unfaithful with Amina Muaddi. While neither addressed the claims at the time, Amina was forced to issue a denial on social media, insisting that there was nothing behind them. ‘I’ve always believed that an unfounded lie spread on social media doesn’t deserve any response or clarification, especially one that is so vile,’ she said at the time. ‘I initially assumed that this fake gossip – fabricated with such malicious intent would not be taken seriously. However, in the last 24h I’ve been reminded that we live in a society that is so quick to speak on topics regardless of factual basis and that nothing is off limits. ‘Not even during what should be one of the most beautiful and celebrated times in one’s life. Therefore I have to speak up as this is not only directed at me but it is related to people I have a great amount of respect and affection for. ‘While Rih is continuing to live her serene, best dressed pregnancy life and I go back to my business. I wish everyone a beautiful Easter weekend!’ They were also rocked when A$AP got arrested and taken into custody moments after touching down in LA after a trip away, over an alleged shooting in November, 2021. The rapper was released on a $550,000 (£421k) bail after the LAPD allegedly used a battering ram to force their way into his home. According to reports, he wasn’t given a heads up about the arrest, which was said to be a ‘week in the making’, and involved ‘at least 10’ officers waiting for him at the airport. On April 28, a series of guns were seized from the rapper’s home, but reports claim that they did not match the weapons used in the shooting. The rapper has not spoken publicly over the allegations. A$AP had previously spoken about his desire to be a father with the ‘love of his life’, after the couple got together in 2020. He told GQ last year: ‘[It’s] in my destiny, absolutely. I think I’d be an incredible, remarkably overall amazing dad. I would have a very fly child. Very.’ Fans had spotted Rihanna’s bump in photos from her trip to Barbados in December 2021, but the singer had appeared to dispel the rumours in an alleged direct message. A fan called Jen shared the alleged DM exchange in which she wrote to Rihanna: ‘Can I come to the baby shower sis!? True or not your babies are going to be beautiful. Sorry everyone’s up in your uterus right now.’ In classic RiRi fashion, the response from the singer is alleged to have said: ‘Haaaaa! Stawwwp! You ain’t came to the first 10 baby showers! Y’all breed me every year dammit lol.’ Rihanna had also opened up to British Vogue in March 2020 about her desire to have children in the future, with or without a man in her life. Explaining where she saw herself in 10 years time, Rihanna said: ‘Ten years? I’ll be 42! I’ll be ancient. I’ll have kids—three or four of ’em. ‘Hell, yeah, [I’d have kids on my own]. I feel like society makes me want to feel like, “Oh, you got it wrong…” They diminish you as a mother if there’s not a dad in your kids’ lives. ‘But the only thing that matters is happiness, that’s the only healthy relationship between a parent and a child. That’s the only thing that can raise a child truly, is love.’ Rihanna and A$AP have known each other since at least 2012 when the rapper worked on a remix of her song Cockiness, and speculation of them dating started in January 2020 when the Umbrella star split from long-term boyfriend Hassan Jameel after three years of dating. Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Rihanna and A$AP for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rihanna and A$AP Rocky wedding ‘on the cards’ after pregnancy announcement MORE : ‘Romantic’ A$AP Rocky ‘sends Rihanna roomfuls of flowers’ as pair expect first baby 