Rather than scrolling through your phone, reading before bed could help you have a better night of sleep. A new study has found that reading is the most effective activity to do before bed to aid seven or more hours of sleep each night. This is because, when we read, our mind has the chance to get lost in the words, and this gives our body the chance to rest. When our bodies are more relaxed, it’s easier for us to fall asleep. The research, conducted by GetLaidBeds.co.uk, found that one in every five Brits gets less than five hours of sleep a night – so finding ways to make falling asleep easier is essential for promoting better bedtime routines. According to the data, 40% of people already read before going to bed, with 11% meditating and 7% going for a long walk. However, data shows that taking a walk before bed is seven times less effective for sleep than reading. But we need to be realistic when changing up our evening routines, and we need to form habits and make manageable changes that are easy to maintain. The research found that turning off all tech items before trying to sleep was twice as effective as drinking a cup of tea, so this may be a worthwhile habit to implement. Based on a survey of 2,000 people, the data found that 33% already turned their phones, and other electronic devices, off before getting into bed. Preparation is also thought to help some people sleep, with 20% of people laying out their work clothes the night before and 14% making a to-do list for the next day. These tasks can help reduce anxiety and stress by allowing people to switch off from daily tasks once they are ready to sleep. ‘Establishing a good sleep routine revolves around not overstimulating the brain,’ says sleep expert Katherine Hall. ‘Whether that’s removing menial tasks from the next day to avoid overthinking in bed or relaxing the muscles through hot water therapy – rather than working them through exercise. ‘Identifying sleep rituals will be a case of trial and error for many of us. What is evident, however, is that some habits we adopt can be significantly more effective than others if practised correctly.’ The study also found that nine in 10 people who work from their bedroom admit to struggling to sleep at night, compared to one in every 10 who say they work outside their bedroom. ‘Keeping work out of your bedroom will strengthen the mental association between your bedroom and a good night’s sleep,’ says Kathrine. ‘If you work from your bedroom, even on a separate desk away from your bed, your mind will still associate that space with work, making your mind run through all of your work stress while trying to relax.’ However, it is important to note that working from bed is essential for some people, so creating habits, such as reading before bed, will be extremely important in order for people to switch off. ‘Reading before bed is an incredibly powerful component to add into your bedtime routine,’ Katherine tells Metro.co.uk. ‘It centres the mind on a specific story, idea or subject which essentially is what meditation is based around, another very useful sleep ritual.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to start reading more books – and enjoying it again MORE : People who have struggled to sleep share the tips that changed everything for them MORE : 13 practical steps you can take right now to improve your sleep