Jason Momoa has sparked concern from fans after he shared a picture while undergoing an MRI. The Aquaman star, 42, gave fans a glimpse into his hospital appointment on Instagram, posting a picture as he lay in front of the machine, He could be seen just in a pair of trousers, posing with his arms up and a head brace. Alongside the upload, he teased an injury in the caption, telling his loyal followers: ‘You got to break some eggs to make an omelette. ‘Aloha J. Thankful for my ohana and friends.’ Jason’s famous friends and fans instantly flooded his post with support, sending him love and well wishes. Wonder Woman star Gal Gadot replied: ‘Oh no!’ Jill Wagner commented: ‘Oh lord, what now.’ Pablo Schreiber questioned: ‘Oh no! You alright dude?’ ‘Oh my, whats happened? Hope everything goes OK. Get well soon,’ a worried Instagram user said. As one added: ‘Sending healing and positive thoughts your way.’ While Jason didn’t go into details of what led to the medical visit, an insider added to people that he is doing ‘okay’. The Game of Thrones star is currently filming for his upcoming stint in the star-studded Fast and Furious 10 sequel, simply titled Fast X. He has joined the fray alongside Vin Diesel, Tyrese, Ludacris, Nathalie Emmanuel and Charlize Theron, and confirmed that he will be playing a villain. ‘I’m gonna go do Fast 10, that’s gonna be fun… it’s fun, I get to play the bad guy, which I haven’t gotten to do for a while…’ he told ET. ‘Now I get to be the bad boy. A very flamboyant bad boy. A little panache.’ Little else is known about his part – with his name and relationship to the cast yet to be confirmed. Charlize, who is reprising her role as Cipher in the movie, recently shared the first pictures from the set on Instagram, which included a black and white photo as she hugged Jason between takes. ‘Look who decided to join the party #FastX @thefastsaga,’ she captioned the upload. Clearly thrilled, Jason commented: ‘Finally we get to work together. and damn it was awesome. Legend.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted Jason’s reps for a comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Inside Johnny Depp and Kate Moss’s relationship as model prepares to testify in Amber Heard trial MORE : Love Island return date finally confirmed and it is literally around the corner 