A man has handed himself in to police investigating claims three ducklings were ‘crushed to death’ by an impatient van driver as they crossed a road. The 61-year-old, from Stoke on Trent, was ‘voluntarily interviewed’ on Sunday, Staffordshire Police said in a brief statement. The force launched a probe after reports the ducklings perished as they crossed a road in the Trentham area on Friday. Traffic stopped to allow a family of ducks to cross the road – but motorists were left disgusted after a man in a white van allegedly crushed three of seven young birds. The incident has sparked fury on social media after a witness posted distressing pictures of the ducklings lying on the road – leading many to call for a criminal enquiry. An investigation is continuing to establish if any offences have been committed under the Wildlife and Countryside Act. A Staffordshire Police statement issued on Twitter said: ‘We are aware of a post circulating of a van driver who is believed to have killed ducklings in Trentham. ‘We understand this is an emotive issue for many people and we ask please that you do not take matters into your own hands.’ The matter came to light after witness Steven Walley shared his version of events on social media. Mr Walley said he was ‘absolutely livid’ after what he described as a ‘despicable act’. He posted: ‘I’ve just been driving on the A34 at Trentham Gardens when a family of seven ducklings were crossing the road. ‘All the traffic stopped to let them cross but disgustingly this van driver, after initially stopping, could not then wait for the five seconds it would have taken to let them cross and drove straight over them, crushing three of them.’ Mr Walley followed the van to a layby before he says a ‘very heated’ conversation ensued. He claims the driver said: ‘I don’t f***ing care’. The post was shared by a number of high profile Twitter users including animal rights campaigner, Dominic Dyer, who branded the person responsible a ‘selfish, cruel idiot’.