A woman with ever-growing boobs says she couldn’t breastfeed her baby in fear that she would suffocate him. Nicole Iyeh says her FF boobs are so big she was terrified to breastfeed her newborn son, Remy, now 17 months old. Nicole, 22, from Houston, Texas, says her breasts started developing when she was just nine years old and have continued to grow and cause her severe back pain since. She has weighed her boobs and says that her left breast weighs around 18lbs and her right weighs around 20lbs. That means she’s carrying around 2st 7lbs of boob all day, every day – quite the weight, so we’re not surprised that Nicole is desperate for a breast reduction. ‘My boobs hold me back from everything in life,’ she said. ‘They even stop me from being the mum I’d love to be. ‘I couldn’t breastfeed my son because they covered his nose and I was scared they would suffocate him. ‘It also caused me so much pain I couldn’t stand it any longer, and I fed him using formula milk. ‘I felt guilty and hopeless as a mum that I couldn’t breastfeed my baby. ‘Going through school with big boobs was horrendous. The immature boys would tease me and say horrible comments and girls would tell me they were jealous of me. ‘But they had no idea what I was going through and how I was feeling. ‘I was in a D cup before I started high school and I was trying to cover myself up in big baggy clothes.’ As her breasts are so large, Nicola has been wearing two bras for the past 10 years just to give her some support. She wears a normal bra underneath with a sports bra on top. ‘Between the age of 14 to 18 my breasts went up three cup sizes and I hated the way they looked,’ she explained. ‘Not only that, but I was in so much pain and constantly uncomfortable. ‘I felt like I couldn’t be myself. I couldn’t go out dancing and have fun like all of my friends. ‘I can’t even take my son to the park or go for a walk with him because I am in too much pain. I feel like I am actually trapped by my boobs. ‘I can’t live the life that I want to live. I have so many goals I want to achieve and places I want to see, but my boobs take away all my energy and motivation.’ Due to her needs, buying bras is a costly activity. ‘I have to buy specific bras for my boobs,’ she added. ‘They’re so expensive. On average I spend between £55 – £78 [$70 – $100] per bra, which all adds up when you have to have a few bras to switch between.’ Nicole has to buy new bras every eight months because her boobs easily wear through them. Due to the weight of her breasts, her bras also cut into her body and she often gets painful rashes. ‘My boobs make me uncomfortable and I am not proud of them,’ sh admits. ‘I don’t even like having them touched sexually. I hate them. ‘I even have trouble sleeping because I find it impossible to get in a comfortable position and sometimes find it hard to breathe as it feels like I have a tonne of bricks resting on my chest.’ To help pay for a breast reduction, Nicole is now raising money through GoFundMe. ‘A breast reduction would be life-changing for me,’ the young mum said. ‘I’ve been desperate for one since I was 18. ‘I would finally feel free and be able to live life the way I’ve dreamed of. ‘I could wear whatever I want and I could go for walks and play with my son without being in pain. ‘I can’t imagine what it would feel like.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The best bras to wear after a mastectomy MORE : Does putting an ice pack between your boobs really help you sleep? We ask experts MORE : The best wellness retreats to go to around the UK to recharge your body and soul