Manchester United legend Paul Scholes has endorsed the club’s bid to sign Barcelona midfielder Frenkie de Jong, describing the Dutchman as a ‘really good player’. Erik ten Hag is keen on signing the Netherlands international to bolster his midfield and the pair have an existing relationship, having worked together for 18 months at Ajax. Though De Jong wants to stay at Barcelona, the club are under financial pressure and must balance the books by offsetting arrivals with departures. They will therefore listen to offers for De Jong, with Barcelona willing to accept a bid in the region of £70m. Midfield is an area of priority for Ten Hag, who will lose Nemanja Matic and Paul Pogba before he can even meet his new squad. And Scholes believes De Jong fits the profile of the type of player that United should be looking to add to their squad. Asked how important it is for the club to back Ten Hag this summer, Scholes told Premier League Productions: ‘He has to be. The club have employed him now they have to give him exactly what he wants. ‘I heard Karen [Carney] mention there about a central midfielder – they’ve been talking about Frenkie de Jong, who I think is a really good player. ‘I haven’t seen much of him at Barcelona I must have admit but I’ve seen him with Holland and he’s that type of player that can come in and control the tempo of games. This manager needs backing now, he’s been brought into the club to really turn it around.’ Following the departure of Ed Woodward and the impdending exit of Matt Judge, this summer will be a new dawn for United. Richard Arnold, John Murtough and Darren Fletcher will work together with Ten Hag to sign and sell players. Scholes says it’s a test for the new structure and that Ten Hag is moving from a settled recruitment team in Amsterdam to a more chaotic one in Manchester. ‘The only issue is who is going to be helping him in that side of the business?,’ Scholes continued.‘At Ajax he had Edwin and before that he had Marc Overmars. He’s always had someone to help him. I don’t see that role at United now, there isn’t that link between him and Richard Arnold or whoever is running the club. ‘I think Steve McClaren could be doing that because Steve as I know is a fantastic coach and one of the best coaches I ever had. But he’s not coached for a while now and he’s been more into the Director of Football side of stuff with Derby County and whether he takes up more of that role in terms of signing players we’ll just have to wait and see.’ MORE : Real Madrid legend Guti aims dig at Kylian Mbappe after decision to stay at PSG For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 