London Underground workers will go on strike on the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Weekend in a blow to thousands celebrating the historic occasion in the capital. Staff in the RMT Union have threatened to walk out of Euston and Green Park stations on June 3 after allegedly ‘suffering years of bullying from a manager’. The two stations appear to have been specifically targeted as they are key for the influx of tourists destined to flock to Buckingham Palace. They feature on the Victoria, Jubilee and Piccadilly lines, although National Rail services at Euston will not be affected. It is understood that an investigation has been launched into the bullying accusations. Transport For London has asked the RMT to immediately call off the strike, as pressure builds with just two weeks left to resolve the dispute. Meanwhile, Downing Street has urged against the protest, with the prime minister’s official spokesman said: ‘I don’t think we want to see any disruption to London’s transport system at such a moment when people are trying to come together to honour this Jubilee year.’ RMT general secretary Mick Lynch claims workers at the two stations have ‘suffered years of sustained bullying and intimidation by a manager who has created a toxic working environment’. ‘The union has tried in vain to reason with management, but they now will not let local representatives be part of a review into dismissals at the stations, instigated by the manager in question’, he said. ‘Our strike on June 3 will cause significant disruption to people wishing to celebrate the Queen’s Jubilee. ‘However, if Tube bosses do the right thing, and deal appropriately with the manager in question, we can find a just resolution to this dispute.’ A TfL spokesperson said: ‘We hold our people to high standards and ensure everyone is treated fairly. “ ‘We’re aware of this dispute and are carrying out an urgent review in a bid to resolve it. ‘We have had a number of meetings with the RMT and are urging them not to take strike action and to continue working with us to find a resolution.’ A number of special treats have been lined up for the country on the four-day bank holiday weekend in June. This includes a huge concert with Diana Ross headlining, a show with 1,000 performers and 500 horses at Windsor Castle and the Queen’s birthday parade. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.