The Elizabeth line was evacuated at Paddington station after just two hours of uninterrupted service on its opening day. Passengers were ushered out amid rush hour following a reported fire alert, which turned out to be a false alarm. It came almost immediately after the grand opening, celebrated today after nearly four years of delays. The very first train departed at exactly 6.33am, while hundreds were told to leave Paddington just before 9am. A Transport for London spokesperson told Metro.co.uk the station has reopened and services are now running normally. The £18.9billion Crossrail project – which was £4 billion over budget – is being hailed as a huge boost to the capital’s economy that will cut journey times from the east and west. A crowd of around 300 had cheered and rushed forward as the station entrance was opened. Transport enthusiasts had travelled from abroad to be at Paddington for the historic occasion. Danny McLaren, 21, from Edinburgh, arrived five hours early at 1.30am, and described the event as ‘epic’. ‘We’ve known it will open for a while’, he said. ‘It’s a brand new railway. New technology. New trains. It’s an epic day to experience it when it’s brand new.’ Meanwhile, Colin Farmer, 84, from Croydon, south-east London, arrived at 4.30am. He said: ‘It’s history. It’s about time there were trains right through London without changing to the Underground. ‘I’m very excited. We’ve been waiting long enough for it. It’s a great achievement.’ London mayor Sadiq Khan, who also travelled on the first train, said: ‘It’s a landmark day. I’m excited. I’m like the little boy before Christmas.’ He added that the trains are ‘fit for a Queen’ after her Majesty made a surprise visit last week to see the new line named after her. Prime Minister Boris Johnson tweeted: ‘Absolutely delighted that the Elizabeth Line has opened to the public today. ‘Long-term investment in UK infrastructure pays off – with this project alone supporting 55,000 new jobs, 1,000 apprenticeships, and forecast to boost the UK economy by £42bn.’ MORE : The best value locations to buy a house on the Elizabeth Line MORE : Elizabeth Line: Which London zones does it cover and what is the fare? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.