A 20-year-old paedophile is facing jail for possessing almost 1,500 sick cartoons showing children and babies being sexually abused. Frederick Cooper was found with the banned images on a USB stick when police raided his home. He admitted possession of prohibited images of a child when he appeared at Worcester Magistrates’ Court. The court heard police swooped on his home in Warndon Villages in the city on September 24 last year and seized 1,468 vile cartoons. Shivali Patel, prosecuting, said: ‘A warrant was executed by West Mercia Police at the defendant’s home address. ‘Present at the address was the defendant’s father and the defendant’s mother. ‘During the investigation, two mobile phones were presented by the defendant and a search of his bedroom revealed two USB sticks. ‘A computer hard drive and a computer tower were seized.’ The court heard the ‘realistic cartoon’ images included one showing a child aged eight and a baby aged six to 10 months old wearing a collar which said ‘daddy’s princess’. Further cartoon images showed children aged six to eight years as well as animals. Cooper, who attended court last Thursday with his dad, was interviewed at Worcester police station on a voluntary basis. Mrs Patel said: ‘He stated his viewing preference was the child pseudo images and they were the images he would actively look for and download. ‘The images were stored on a password-protected memory stick. ‘He transferred images from the computer to a memory stick as it was easier to keep them from his family, friends and girlfriend.’ Cooper said there had been no sharing or distribution of the images. He was bailed and the case adjourned until June 17 when he will appear at the city’s crown court for sentencing. The chairman of the bench told him: ‘If you do not come back to court at that date and time, you may commit an offence for which you can be arrested, fined and sent to prison.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.