Three people may have died at a Sandals holiday resort as a result of a faulty air-conditioning unit, it has been claimed. Two men and a woman were found unresponsive at the hotel in the Bahamas, including Vincent Chiarella from Birmingham, Alabama. He was at the resort celebrating his anniversary with wife Donnis, their son Austin said. Donnis was airlifted to a hospital in Florida for further medical treatment. Austin said: ‘She woke up and my dad was laying there on the floor, and she couldn’t move. ‘Her legs and arms were swollen and she couldn’t move and she screamed to get someone to come in the door.’ He added: ‘I am just so heartbroken right now. My dad was everything to me.’ The names of the rest of the victims have not been disclosed yet and the police investigation remains ongoing. Chris Coucheron-Aamot, who was staying at Sandals Emerald Bay, said: ‘Three of our neighbors in the building right next to us died and a fourth was airlifted in critical condition early yesterday. ‘It sounds like it may have been a fault with the A/C in the unit, causing a toxic coolant leak. ‘It was hard to sleep last night. Every time the A/C came on, I woke up. ‘We are continuing our vacation because that’s what I would want people to do if I were the one to have been the one who died – celebrating my life by living yours to the fullest. ‘That said, our hearts are out with those who grieve. May God have mercy on them and us.’ Hotel staff called authorities around 9am on Friday after a man had been found unresponsive in one of the beachfront villas, the Royal Bahamas Police Force said in a statement shared by Our News. Police also discovered another man against a bathroom wall and a woman laying on a bed at another villa. The couple complained of feeling nauseous and were vomiting the previous night, and had been treated at a medical centre nearby before returning to Sandals. All three were pronounced dead by a local doctor at the scene, it was confirmed. Acting prime minister Chester Cooper said police are looking into the incident, adding that the cause of death was unknown, though foul play ‘is not suspected’. Health minister Dr Michael Darville also told Eyewitness News an investigation is underway to ensure there was not a public health hazard. A spokesperson for Sandals said they are working to support both the investigation as well as the guests. ‘Nothing is more important to Sandals Resorts than the safety of our guests,’ a statement added. ‘Out of respect for the privacy of our guests, we cannot disclose further information at this time.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted the Royal Bahamas Police Force for more information. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.