What’s the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning? Do you glug some water and prepare a bowl of fresh fruit before a wholesome session of stretching and yoga? Or is a coffee your go-to morning beverage? If you’re one of the thousands of people who simply can’t function without their morning hit of bean juice, you’re not alone. Coffee culture is huge. And, let’s face it, it’s delicious. But how do you know if your love of java has gone too far – veering into the territory of caffeine addiction? Well, your body will you know. According to a study conducted by Lenstore, 49% of us admit that we cannot start our day without a cup of tea or coffee. With almost one in five people in the UK admitting to drinking five or more cups a day. The same number of people also revealed that they think caffeine gives them anxiety. While there are mixed results when it comes to deciding if coffee is good for us or bad for us, most people agree that it is possible to have too much of a good thing. Caffeine may be affecting us in more ways than we know, and the experts have revealed a list of key symptoms that might be warning us to cut down on the caffeine: Feeling nervous, anxious and jittery can all be side effects of the caffeine in coffee triggering the release of adrenaline. We then go into the state of ‘fight or flight’, leaving us at a level of anxiety that is increased with the more coffee consumed. Dry eyes and find it difficult sleeping? Although staying awake may be the reason why you are drinking coffee, too much of it and you may not be able to go to sleep when you actually want to. The study also found that 33% of people admit that caffeine makes it hard for them to fall asleep. Withdrawal symptoms from coffee often include headaches. This is thought to be because caffeine narrows the blood vessels in the brain so when we stop taking in caffeine, they expand and put pressure on our brains causing headaches. The same effect that can cause headaches can also make you feel dizzy. The caffeine constricting the blood vessels in your head is also restricting the blood flow. Experts say that if you have too much, you may feel woozy and lightheaded. Twitching eyes and trembling hands may be a sign to reduce your coffee intake. Caffeine is a stimulant which can cause the twitching and spasming of muscles. Your heart rate rising may be a side effect of high blood pressure. If you already have high blood pressure having too much caffeine could put you at risk of cardiovascular conditions including heart attacks and strokes. Make sure you speak to your doctor if you’re worried about this. High blood pressure can also affect your eyes and even damage the blood vessels in them. Bleeding can be caused in the eyes along with vision becoming blurry and, in rare cases, complete loss of sight. The risk of glaucoma – a common eye condition where the optic nerve becomes damaged – can also be raised. Signs include eye pain and seeing rings around lights, and it can lead to a loss of sight if left untreated. Irritability, anger and confusion are all feelings you may get when you run out of coffee but experts say they could also be signs that your mood is being affected by caffeine consumption or withdrawal. If you notice your mental health being affected it is important to talk to your GP. The increased adrenaline also can cause hallucinations or brain fog. At that point, it would definitely be best to cut back the caffeine and speak to a doctor. Blurring of your vision and tingling in your eyes can be caused by the excess caffeine increasing your blood sugar levels. Of course, these symptoms can all be attributed to other conditions – so if you cut down on the caffeine, and you’re still experiencing them, it’s best to talk to your GP. Also make sure you talk to your doctor if any of these symptoms come on suddenly, or are severe, so they can rule out any other conditions that may be causing them. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : From patterned floors to relaxing prints – how to jazz up your bathroom for less MORE : Half of UK employees ‘threaten to quit’ if they aren’t offered flexible working MORE : How to recover from a run of bad nights’ sleep