The Platinum Jubilee is just around the corner and people will be indulging in all kinds of quintessentially British treats to mark the occasion. The celebration even has its own official pudding – which was just named as a lemon and Swiss roll amaretti trifle. This Platinum Jubilee Trifle is thought to be inspired by the lemon posset served at the Queen’s wedding to Prince Philip, and is made with layers of lemon curd Swiss roll, custard, jelly, a mandarin coulis and amaretti biscuits. But if you fancy something a little different, we’ve got an alternative trifle recipe that features some key summer flavours: pineapple, lime and coconut. The below recipe is from Del Monte, who came up with the sweet treat after being inspired by the Platinum pudding contest. This is how you can make it at home. Ingredients: Method: 1. Start with the coconut custard, which needs time to cool. Put the coconut milk in a saucepan and heat gently, stirring, until completely smooth and amalgamated. Take off the heat. 2. Put the egg yolks, sugar and cornflour in a bowl and beat together thoroughly. Carefully pour the warm coconut milk onto the yolk mixture, stirring all the time. Then pour the whole lot back into the pan and put back over a medium heat. Heat the custard, stirring often so it doesn’t stick to the base of the pan, until it’s steaming hot, just beginning to bubble and noticeably thickened. 3. Pour into a clean bowl or jug, cover the surface directly with a piece of baking parchment to stop a skin from forming, and leave to cool completely. Once cool, put in the fridge. 4 Use the slices of ginger cake to line the base of a 2-2.5 litre trifle bowl. 5. Drain both cans of pineapple, keeping 6 tbsp juice from one of the cans. Mix this pineapple juice with the juice and grated zest of 1 lime. Trickle this over the ginger cake. 6. Set aside 2 pineapple slices for decoration, putting them in the fridge in a covered container. Arrange the remaining pineapple over the ginger cake. 7. If you want to use coconut flavouring, add a few drops to the coconut custard now. Spread the cooled coconut custard over the pineapple. Chill the trifle at this stage for an hour or up to 24 hours. 8. When ready to serve, whip the cream until it holds soft peaks and spoon onto the custard. Cut the remaining pineapple slices into small pieces and arrange on top of the cream. Top with coconut flakes and curls of lime zest and serve. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Reddit user shares recipe for chipper quality chips at home MORE : Asparagus season is upon us – chefs share three easy recipes to try MORE : How to make the tastiest screwdriver cocktail