A family on their first trip abroad since the pandemic started had a less then ideal start when all five of their suitcases were lost en route from Manchester to Spain. Emma Hayward, 44, said she along with her husband, two children and elderly mother had no clothes except what they were wearing when they arrived on the island of Fuerteventura. They had to spend €500 (around £425) on buying new clothes, shoes and toiletries after arriving on Sunday, and still don’t know where their bags are or when they will arrive. Mum-of-two Emma, from Cheshire, says she has made repeated attempts to contact Ryanair but claims she’s been told they can’t help as it is Manchester Airport’s responsibility. She is now warning other holidaymakers to pack as many essential items in their hand luggage as possible, claiming other people staying in her hotel have had the same issue. It comes as passengers flying back to Manchester on Sunday shared videos of ‘hundreds’ of bags left ‘abandoned’ in the baggage halls as they waited hours for their own luggage to arrive. And many didn’t even manage to get on their plane in the first place as huge demand for half term trips now that Covid restrictions have been removed has led to massive queues and cancelled flights. UK departures passed 10,000 between Thursday and Sunday, triple the total compared to a year ago. Emma said: ‘We always mix the luggage in our bags in case one of the suitcases goes missing, but we never anticipated all of them getting lost. ‘We waited and waited but nothing came. We had to keep going to the Ryanair reps and eventually they gave us missing bag forms to fill out. ‘We were told our bags were still in Manchester and they would be on the next flight. I said that wasn’t until Tuesday and they said they would try and fly them out from a different airport.’ Emma claims she has heard nothing since they arrived at their hotel on Saturday evening and has spent several hours on the phone to Ryanair to try to find out when their bags might arrive. ‘Three other families at our hotel have also lost their bags as they had soft cases too. One of them has a young baby. I rang arrivals at Fuerteventura and asked if our bags were on the Tuesday flight and they said they weren’t. ‘We’ve no idea if we’ll get the money compensated but I’m just trying to focus on getting the bags back. We are lucky that we can go out and afford to buy new clothes. Some people wouldn’t have spare spending money.’ Emma says the family had been looking forward to their first holiday abroad since 2019, but the first few days have been tarnished by the confusion surrounding their suitcases. Emma said: ‘We are self-employed and the last couple of years have been hard. It’s just annoying that you can’t relax because having to sort the bags out is on your mind the whole time. ‘My mum is a lot more careful with the kind of things she wears so it’s been a nightmare for her. It’s really not ideal at all.’ Check-in and luggage at airports are normally the responsibility of the airline and their designated baggage handling agent. Ryanair said in a statement: ‘Due to a baggage belt failure at Manchester Airport, a small number of passengers did not receive their checked baggage upon arrival in Fuerteventura. ‘We are working with our handling agents at Manchester Airport to reunite customers with their baggage and sincerely apologise to customers for this delay.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.