Drivers have been warned to expect ‘havoc’ on the Jubilee weekend as new polling suggests as many as 133,000 roads could be closed for street parties. Around 15% of the population – equivalent to 10 million people – live on roads where get-togethers are planned over the four-day bank holiday weekend, according to a survey of 2,000 adults by Green Flag. The government has urged organisers to inform their local council of any disruptive gatherings at least four weeks in advance to help with temporary signage and diversions, but nearly half of them could go under the radar. While 8% of people will have a council-approved street party on their doorstep,  7% are planning unofficial gatherings, the survey found. Road access is expected to be heavily restricted wherever parties are taking place. Friday, June 3 is expected to be the most popular day for the celebrations, which mark Queen Elizabeth’s 70th anniversary as monarch. The Saturday is the next-most popular, followed by the Thursday and the Sunday. Meanwhile, around 5 million people will be setting off on day trips or holidays over the period, the survey added. A spokesperson for Green Flag said: ‘The extra day off means many of us will be planning trips away to make the most of the four-day weekend. ‘We want to ensure everyone can enjoy the celebrations without any added stress or complications, so we’re urging drivers to check their route for any road closures and be aware of any obstructions or pedestrians that may be in the street. ‘Drivers should make sure they are road trip ready by thoroughly checking their vehicle before setting off, and preparing themselves in case a breakdown does happen.’ Motorists have been urged to leave more time for their journey and check their local authority’s website for travel information. Swathes of central London will be off-limits to drivers throughout the bank holiday weekend due to parades and pageants around Buckingham Palace. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.