Paris Saint-Germain star Kylian Mbappe has confirmed that Real Madrid were not the only club he held talks with over a free transfer, also speaking to Premier League giants Liverpool about a move. The Frenchman, whose previous deal with the Ligue 1 champions had been due to expire next month, was widely expected to move to the Spanish capital this summer and become the highest-paid player in the world in the process. But unexpectedly over the weekend he announced a dramatic U-turn, confirming that he had decided to stay at PSG and signing a new contract until 2025. Mbappe is believed to have been handed the most lucrative contract in the club’s history and will have a big say over the running of the club behind-the-scenes, while even French president Emmanuel Macron was drafted in to convince him to stay in Paris. While Real Madrid may have seemed like the only rival for his signature, Mbappe has now revealed that he held brief talks with Liverpool too – though their best chance to sign him had been five years earlier. Speaking to The Telegraph, the 23-year-old confirmed: ‘We talked a little bit, but not too much. We talked a little bit.’ He continued: ‘I talked to Liverpool because it’s the favourite club of my mum, my mum loves Liverpool. I don’t know why, you will have to ask her! ‘It’s a good club and we met them five years ago [too]. When I was in Monaco I met them. It’s a big club.’ The World Cup winner also confirmed that, ultimately, his decision came down to a straight choice between Real Madrid or PSG with Liverpool not in the running by that stage. Mbappe left Monaco for PSG in 2017, initially signing on loan before completing a £150million move a year later, though Liverpool had been unable to compete with the Parisians’ financial might – which is similar to what happened this time around too. Klopp was actually asked if Liverpool had ever considered making a move for Mbappe – who had been free to hold talks with foreign clubs as he was in the final six months of his contract – and was glowing in his praise of the Frenchman, though suggested the financial terms being discussed were beyond the club’s means. ‘Of course we are interested in Kylian Mbappe, we are not blind,’ he said earlier this month. Probed on whether that interest had resulted in any talks, Klopp continued: ‘Nothing to say about that. But with Kylian it is all set, all fine. We, of course, like him. ‘And if you don’t like him, you have to question yourself. But we cannot be part of these battles between, there must be other clubs involved, but that’s fine.’ PSG’s hierarchy are set to shape the club around Mbappe’s wishes, with the striker keen to see more young French players in the squad; sporting director Leonardo has already been axed and Mbappe wants Luis Campos – who signed him at Monaco – to take over the role. MORE : Angel Di Maria gives Real Madrid hope of future Kylian Mbappe deal after dramatic U-turn MORE : Real Madrid considering moves for Sadio Mane, Mohamed Salah and Richarlison after missing out on Kylian Mbappe For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 