A British toddler has drowned in a Spanish swimming pool. Nineteen-month-old Freddie Briggs was pulled out the water yesterday evening at around 6.15pm. An air ambulance was called to the scene as part of the emergency response. Paramedics tried to revive the boy but he was pronounced dead at the scene. The tragedy took place in a private pool in Aigues, a village a short drive from the coast. Local government said there would be three days of mourning. Aigues Town Hall said: ‘The news of the death yesterday of the little boy Freddie Joseph Briggs has saddened and moved locals living in Aigues. ‘As a show of our pain and solidarity with the child’s parents and other relatives, we are declaring three days of mourning starting tomorrow.’ A spokesman for the Civil Guard said: ‘We received an alert just after 6pm yesterday. ‘Civil Guard stationed in the municipality of Jijona were asked to attend a house where we were told a 19-month-old British child had fallen into a swimming pool.’ A police investigation into the boy’s death is ongoing. The toddler’s mum is believed to be in her early fifties and her partner in his late forties. A police source added: ‘The incident happened at a residential estate called El Paraiso in Aigues de Busot. ‘The parents were helped to get the toddler out of the water and resuscitation techniques practiced on the youngster until an air ambulance arrived. ‘After repeated attempts to save the child, he was pronounced dead at the scene.’ Police say there is nothing at this stage pointing to the death being anything other than the result of a tragic accident. A post-mortem on the boy is expected to take place later today or tomorrow. A Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesperson said: ‘We are supporting the family of a British child, who has died in Spain. ‘Our thoughts are with the family at this very sad time.’ The news comes after two other tragedies in the area involving British nationals. Expat Ingrid Dale, 67, originally from Dereham in Norfolk, died after being stung by a wasp in a Costa Blanca restaurant on May 9. She is said to have gone into anaphylactic shock in front of pals at the bar in the coastal town of Moraira half an hour north of Benidorm. She died in an ambulance outside the Hill Top Sports Bar & Grill after going into cardiac arrest before she could be taken to hospital. Friends and well-wishers spoke of their heartbreak over widowed Ingrid’s freak death as it emerged she was at a lunch to help raise funds for Ukrainian families when the tragedy occurred. Later the same day a British man drowned in a nearby river which had claimed the lives of three other people in the past month as he tried to save his dog. Former Royal Navy sailor Paul Lebihan, originally from Gateshead, died after getting into difficulties in the river at a beauty spot a short drive from the Costa Blanca resort of Benidorm. Friends and loved ones later paid tribute to the 24-year-old keen amateur boxer and set up a GoFundMe appeal which has already raised around half its £15,000 goal to help his family bring Paul’s body home and assist with funeral costs. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.