An off-duty soldier who deliberately hit a group of teenagers with his car after getting into a drunken dispute with them has been jailed for eight years. Cameron Bailey, 25, had drunk six pitchers of cocktail, two pints of beer and several Jagerbombs on a day-long pub crawl in March with three other soldiers from Mooltan Barracks in Wiltshire. Having started in a Wetherspoons in Amesbury, he drove the group to more venues in Salisbury despite already having a ‘ridiculous’ amount of alcohol in his system, Salisbury Crown Court heard on Friday. After being turned away from a pub at around 9.30pm, the group started arguing with a group of teenagers. Bouncers from nearby bars intervened after the dispute turned into a scuffle, during which Bailey was heard yelling insults of ‘gratuitous offensiveness’ including comments about raping their sisters and kill their mothers. The group decided to head back to the barracks, with Bailey again at the wheel. He was caught on CCTV stopping and turning his car around after spotting the group as he drove past them. The car could be seen driving slowly in their direction, pausing for around 20 seconds before accelerating towards them. Forensic analysis showed it was travelling at at least 27mph when it ploughed into the teenagers, throwing one, a 17-year-old girl, into the air. The other four were knocked to the ground, with one of the boys suffering cuts and bruises leaving scarring on his face. The girl was hospitalised for four days with severe injuries to her feet and ankles and has since suffered extreme anxiety in crowds and close to roads. Judge Susan Evans told Bailey: ‘In your rage you deliberately drove at (the teenagers) using your car as the most fearsome weapon against them. ‘You drove off, there was no attempt to stop, call an ambulance or show any concern whatsoever. ‘You drove all the way back to the barracks putting other road users in extreme danger.’ Bailey’s sergeant found him in bed around 11pm ‘reeking of alcohol’. The 25-year-old initially claimed he had accidentally hit the accelerator while looking for a cigarette, but later admitted to two counts of grievous bodily harm with intent, and one of dangerous driving. His minimum time in custody was extended by over a year due to the seriousness of the offence, and the fact he had a previous conviction for drunkenly bottling a man and grabbing his ex-girlfriend by the throat at a house party in 2018. Bailey has also been sacked from the armed forces, banned from driving for seven years and ordered to forfeit his driving licence until he can pass an extended test. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.