For this week’s instalment, we hear from Josy Black, a 29-year-old sex worker who creates content online. Josy is bisexual, married and based in Switzerland. She is a DOT Doll and works for an online adult content platform, saying that she’d like her sex life to be exciting. Josy describes her sex life as ‘very intense, very present but also healthy’, and adds that she likes that she can share her desires and fantasies with her partner, inhibition-free. Thanks to the lockdowns, she says the pandemic’s impact on her sex life was actually positive, since it made having sex outdoors – something she very much enjoys – easier to manage. Here’s how Josy got on this week… Warning: As you’d expect, this week’s diary features some explicit details about sex, so it’s definitely NSFW. Today was very rich in orgasms. I streamed on my homepage and enjoyed free rein with my sexual fantasies. I love to interact directly with my fans in this way and have fun together in front of the cam with the fans controlling my toys. I didn’t count all the orgasms, but my body was very tired afterwards, showing me there were a lot of orgasms. I went to bed satisfied, knowing that I had also satisfied my viewers, and slept like a baby. Today I have not had sex but have been very receptive to the sexual energy of others. I was with my husband in the ice cream parlour. In there was a waiter who knew my movies from the internet. Although he wore a mask, I could literally read his thoughts. His eyes and the looks he gave me showed everything. I could see that he had different scenes of my movies in his head when he looked at me, and maybe he was imagining how it would be to have sex with me. He didn’t do it in a pushy way, but I could tell. Experiences like this stimulate my imagination and I try to convert this energy into creativity to use for myself and my work. I was in a very good mood all day and completed all my tasks with ease. Today is our day off so my husband and I go hiking. We live in the Italian part of Switzerland – a wonderful place, full of lakes and mountains. A paradise for people who love nature. We use this time to clear our minds and detox. The views are very inspiring and stimulate my imagination. When we arrived home, I went to shower with my husband. We have a very large steam shower, which offers a lot of space for fun. We soaped each other in the shower. He really enjoyed my hands on his body and the blood got pumping downwards, leading to some passionate shower sex. Today I had a lot to plan because tomorrow I’m going to my friend’s house in Zurich. I had to schedule my content in advance so that I have no stress with the upload during the days when I’m on the road. Then I had one more custom video to shoot since I had to deliver it by Friday. I love to shoot custom videos in which I fulfil the wishes of the fans. I only record things that I myself find exciting because otherwise, I can’t authentically sell it. In this custom video, my fan wanted me to play with my favourite toy and stop just before the orgasm. The aim of this exercise was to intensify the orgasm and oh my god, I did not expect how intense it would be. At first a warm feeling spread in my abdomen, this then spread throughout my body, down to the tips of my toes and fingertips, until I finally exploded. The moment of orgasm was so intense that my body just twitched for three minutes. The day of departure. I packed my stuff today – I always do it on the day I set off when I travel by car, and my travel accessories always include my Magic Wand. Without it, I do not travel. This is my favourite toy because, with it, I come very quickly. After I packed everything together, I went to the shower. I can always relax and have clear thoughts while the water is flowing on my bare skin. I cannot really think about sex on the day I set off somewhere, because it would distract me too much. This morning at my friend’s house has already started very well. My husband is always very horny in the morning and wants a blowjob. He does not always get one, but today I made an exception. This is always pretty fast, because I know exactly what he likes and how to give it to him. Besides, we didn’t want to wake the others with our sex noises and the squeaky guest bed. This way I can relieve him quickly and quietly and make him happy – which makes me happy in turn. Even though we did not have sex today, we talked at great length with my friend and her husband about sex. My friend is an erotic masseuse and we both always have a lot to chat about. This time we talked about how to deal with the criticism of society, about abuse, and about women who are oppressed and controlled by men. We came to the topic because a friend of hers had recently called her. This friend has a very controlling boyfriend. Unfortunately, sex workers often get pigeonholed, especially in German-speaking countries. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘My relationship with sex is better than ever – here’s a week in my sex life’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I’ve never had an orgasm – here’s a week in my sex life’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I came out of a 20-year relationship and started swinging – this is my week in sex’  