If you have always dreamed of living in a home with a story, you are in luck. For a hefty £3.5million you could own an original 17th century converted mill… but there is a slight catch. The future owner will have to put up with the River Misbourne running through the middle of the home. Located in Little Missenden in South Buckinghamshire, the ‘Mill House’ has seven bedrooms, four bathrooms and over two acres of private land and lies within the Misbourne Valley. The village of Little Missenden has Hollywood credentials as it was used in the Midsomer Murders as well as Disney’s 2021 film, Cruella De Ville. The property is on the market with Fine and Country, who are accepting offers in excess of £3.5 million. ‘The breathtaking double aspect drawing room has a vaulted ceiling with original oak beams throughout and an impressive stone fireplace with raised hearth, with stunning views over the River Misbourne and beautiful gardens to the rear, and the mill race to the front,’ reads the listing. ‘The mature gardens are truly delightful, well established and generously stocked by a variety of shrubs and flowers with a pretty Japanese style stone footbridge over the mill race which continues to run under the house. ‘The meadow to the left separates the formal garden from the enclosed tennis court, while to the right there is a copse of trees just beyond the Misbourne and property boundary.’ Built in the 17th century, the house features impressive brickwork, as well as showcasing the gears of the mill. The chimney stack was added in the 19th century to serve a former steam engine in the outbuilding. This has since been renovated into a boiler room and store, with a connecting garage that can house four cars. History is all around as nearby country pubs, The Red Lion and The Crown, date back to around 975 AD. Meanwhile, the surrounding Chiltern countryside has been designated an Area of Outstanding Beauty, making the village an extremely sought after location. So get those offers in before this home is snapped up. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : ‘Derelict’ property unoccupied for 60 years is on the market for £350,000 MORE : Two-bed property in France up for sale at £40,000 – and it would make a great holiday home MORE : DIY couple transform their garden for just £200