A Tory MP has called on Boris Johnson to quit over revelations about partygate. Julian Sturdy said it was ‘in the public interest’ for the prime minister to quit following the publication of the Sue Gray report. While some Conservatives have called on Mr Johnson to quit over the scandal previously, Mr Sturdy is the first do so since the report was published. His intervention will make government whips nervous it could be the first of several, although it remains unclear whether enough formal letters of no confidence will be submitted to trigger a leadership election. The York Outer MP publicly withdrew his support while the PM was meeting with backbenchers. Mr Johnson was greeted by the banging of tables as he entered the meeting room of the 1922 Committee to continue efforts to see off any potential leadership bid. It comes after two snap polls found a clear majority of voters think the PM should quit over the affair. In a statement, Mr Sturdy said: ‘Talking to constituents, it is clear discussions about parties in Downing Street remain a damaging distraction at a time when our country faces massive challenges with war returning in Europe, a global cost of living crisis, and our recovery from the pandemic being more important than ever. ‘This is clear a time when we cannot have any about the honesty, integrity and personal character of the prime minister.’ The PM apologised directly to Tory MPs and told them their work is now to  regain public trust, according to someone who was in the 1922 meeting Jonathan Gullis MP, a vocal backer of Mr Johnson, said he had been ‘extremely apologetic’, telling reporters: ‘Key message is that he’s sorry and we’ve got to win back the trust of the country.’ Tobias Elwood, a Tory MP who has called for Mr Johnson to resign previously, reiterated his lack of support for the PM during a Commons session earlier today. He warned the affair could cost the party a general election, adding: ‘My question to the prime minister is very clear, on the question of leadership: can he think of any other prime minister who’d have allowed such a culture of indiscipline to take place under their watch and if it did would they not have resigned?’ Scottish Conservative leader Douglas Ross previously called on the PM to stand down, before withdrawing his letter of no confidence in light of the crisis in Ukraine. He appeared to stop short of reversing his position again, saying: ‘I’ve said previously, that the prime minister’s position was untenable, and I’ve only changed that because of the situation in Ukraine. ‘Sadly, since the report has been published, the situation in Ukraine has not changed.’ But he did say a critical finding in the parliamentary probe currently under way over whether or not Mr Johnson misled parliament would change his mind. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.