Celebrities including Lorraine Bracco have shared emotional tributes to Ray Liotta following the actor’s death, aged 67. Liotta was best known for starring in the critically acclaimed movie Goodfellas, playing mobster Henry Hill. News of his death broke on Friday after he died in his sleep while in the Dominican Republic, shooting a new film. Fans and famous friends were quick to celebrate the star’s life, with co star Bracco penning a particularly emotional message. The Emmy Award nominee also starred in Goodfellas, branding Liotta ‘my Ray’ as she confessed to being ‘utterly shattered’ upon hearing the ‘terrible news.’ ‘I am utterly shattered to hear this terrible news about my Ray. I can be anywhere in the world & people will come up & tell me their favourite movie is Goodfellas. Then they always ask what was the best part of making that movie. My response has always been the same…Ray Liotta,’ she tweeted. The Batman actor Jeffrey Wright reminisced on his first encounter with the star, saying Liotta was a ‘great’ actor. ‘Ray Liotta. Man. Just met dude for the first time last year. GREAT actor. Nice to have had a chance to say that to him. RIP,’ he wrote on Twitter. Meanwhile, actor and activist Rosanna Arquett added that she is ‘really sad’ to hear of her friend’s death, tweeting: ‘I’m really sad to hear that Ray Liotta has passed away. He was a friend back in the day and it’s very sad. We had a lot of laughs Rest In Peace My friend.’ Another pal and colleague of Liotta’s was Alessandro Nivola, who worked with him in The Many Saints of Newark. The American actor has shared how ‘lucky’ he felt to star opposite the film icon, writing: ‘RIP Ray Liotta. I feel so lucky to have squared off against this legend in one of his final roles. The scenes we did together were among the all time highlights of my acting career.’ He went on to describe Liotta as ‘dangerous, unpredictable, hilarious, and generous with his praise for other actors,’ saying he was taken ‘too soon.’ Stars of the music world have shared their memories of Liotta too, with Jennifer Lopez labelling Liotta her ‘partner in crime’ after they starred in Shades of Blue together. The Let’s Get Loud hitmaker said the actor was ‘so kind’ to her children and ‘the epitome of a tough guy who was all mushy on the inside,’ which she believes is what made him ‘such a compelling actor to watch’ and ‘the original Goodfella.’ ‘We shared some intense moments on set those three years! When I first heard he took the job on Shades of Blue, I was thrilled, and the first time we walked on set to do our first scene together there was an electric spark and a mutual respect and we both knew this was going to be good. We enjoyed doing our scenes together and I felt lucky to have him there to work with and learn from,’ she wrote. ‘Like all artists he was complicated, sincere, honest and so very emotional. Like a raw nerve, he was so accessible and so in touch in his acting and I will always remember our time together fondly. We lost a great today … RIP RAY … it’s so sad to lose you what seems way to soon … I will remember you always. Sending so much love and strength to your daughter Karsen, your family and all your loved ones.’ Ed Sheeran praised Liotta’s work on the Bloodstream music video too, taking to Instagram to express that he was ‘so very sad to hear of Ray Liotta’s passing.’ Sheeran wrote: ‘I got to work with him on the Bloodstream music video with Emil Nava, and got hung out with him at gigs. He was such a fun guy, so so sweet, and I loved being around him. Goodfellas will always be my favourite movie. Will raise a toast tonight for him xx’ Controversial broadcaster Piers Morgan also shared a photo of Liotta doing what he did best. ‘RIP Ray Liotta, 67. Brilliant actor, loved him in Goodfellas. Sad news,’ the former Life Stories host wrote. Academy Award winning actress Viola Davis expressed her sadness on social media, sharing: ‘RIP Ray Liotta!! Loved your work ❤️’ ‘Ray Liotta has died. His work as an actor showed his complexity as a human being. A gentle man. So sad to hear,’ Jamie Lee Curtis wrote. Brent Spiner from Star Trek tweeted: ‘Ray Liotta. Something Wild. What a talent. Rest In Peace.’ Comedian Seth Rogen added: ‘I can’t believe Ray Liotta has passed away. He was such a lovely, talented and hilarious person. Working with him was one of the great joys of my career and we made some of my favourite scenes I ever got to be in. A true legend of immense skill and grace.’ TV favourites from across the pond have been remembering Liotta too, showing that his work travelled far and wide. Dragon’s Den powerhouse Deborah Meaden tweeted: ‘Always enjoyed Ray Liotta as an Actor…too young to go. #riprayliotta’ Liotta first made an impression on the entertainment industry back in 1986 when he starred in Something Wild, which earned him his first Golden Globe nomination. Other acting credits include thrillers Unlawful Entry, and Unforgettable while, more recently, Liotta featured in the Oscar nominated film Marriage Story, alongside Adam Driver and Scarlet Johansson. He also appeared on the small screen in a range of TV shows, from Saturday Night Live to Phineas and Ferb, and Modern Family. Liotta leaves behind daughter, Karsen, who he shared with his ex-wife Michelle Grace, and partner Jacy Nittolo, to whom he was engaged at the time of his death. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From Goodfellas and Grand Theft Auto to Field of Dreams and Something Wild: Ray Liotta’s incredible career over four decades as he dies aged 67 MORE : Abba legend Benny Andersson doesn’t find Eurovision fun anymore – but was impressed by the UK’s Sam Ryder  