Radio DJ Scott Mills is convinced Sam Ryder could be the next Adele, after his incredible Eurovision 2022 performance. Sam, who second in Eurovision 2022 with a massive 466 points (466 more than our 2021 entry), only beaten by Ukraine’s entry Kalush Orchestra, has recently been announced as the newest performer at the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee concert at Buckingham Palace. He’ll be performing alongside the likes of Diana Ross, Queen and Alicia Keys, so it’s not too much of a stretch to have compared him to the Grammy-award winning Skyfall singer. Speaking on BBC Radio 2 on Rylan Clarke’s show, Rylan on Saturday, Scott said: ‘The thing is back to Sam as well, he’s got really good songs that I think people on TikTok will know but maybe the major mainstream audience might not know. ‘I honestly think this could go brilliantly for him, it’s such a launchpad.’ Rylan gushed: ‘I think this is it for Sam, I think he’s going to be a global superstar genuinely. ‘He’s just the nicest guy. So talented, brilliant songs, he’s an amazing songwriter, he’s literally got everything.’ Scott chimed: ‘We could be sitting on the new Adele here!’ ‘Oh my God babe, and we were there,’ Rylan replied, with Scott adding: ‘Let’s not get ahead of ourselves but I think it’s going to go well.’ Sam recently made history as the first UK entry to break into the top three of Eurovision this century with his explosive tune, Space Man. The musician, 32 – who picked up a huge following on TikTok – has already said he’d love to return to the contest for another shot at gold. ‘[I’d return] absolutely in a heartbeat,’ he grinned on BBC Breakfast. ‘I don’t know if I’d do it next year, I think I’d still be catching up on sleep. It is brutal, the schedule for Eurovision. ‘The main thing, I really wish and hope that the future of Eurovision and the attitude changes. That was our goal right from the beginning to try and lift negative stigma, because I really believe that it’s unfounded, it shouldn’t exist.’ Thankfully, he can – there are no limits to how many times an artist can enter Eurovision. Can we send Sam every year? Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Eurovision star Sam Ryder misses out on number one with Space Man as Harry Styles’ As It Was remains in top spot for seventh week MORE : Sam Ryder ‘tipped to compete on Strictly Come Dancing’ after smashing Eurovision success 