Olivia Attwood is being paid the highest fee by ITV out of all the celeb contestants on new series The Games, according to a source close to the star. The former Love Island finalist is one of the famous faces set to take on the Olympics-style show later this month. She’ll go head-to-head with names such as The Wanted’s Max George, Emmerdale actor Rebecca Sarker and actor Ryan Thomas, in a week-long sporting spectacular. However, after the star was struck with allegations of ‘diva’ behaviour backstage with a whole ‘glam squad’ of her own, it’s been claimed the make-up team was actually part of her contract. It’s also said she is set to bag the biggest sum out of all the 12 stars taking part. ‘ITV were so desperate to sign Olivia up to the show and offered her the highest fee of all cast and the use of her own glam team, which they put into her contract months ago, the source told Metro.co.uk. It comes after a production source reportedly shared: ‘Olivia’s diva antics have made her unpopular with the people making The Games. She has been acting like a real princess and her behaviour has left a lot of people baffled as to why she signed up to a challenge show – where she knew she’d be having to try out a number of sports. ‘Olivia’s number one demand was by far the most ridiculous however, as she has insisted she has full hair and make-up for every single sport. She has made sure her glam squad were booked from day dot,’ they are said to have told The Sun. The claims about her behaviour were later struck down by a separate ITV source, who told the publication: ‘Liv is a great contestant and member of the team. There are no divas, the contestants are all getting on really well, which will be apparent on screen.’ The former Celebs Go Dating contestant has already showed off the strain the show is having on her body in a topless Instagram snap. In view of her 1.9 million followers on the social media site, she shared a snap of her back fixed-up with tape. She captioned the update: ‘Not exactly ideal.’ Hosted live by Holly Willoughby and Freddie Flintoff, The Games will also see former professional footballer and presenter Alex Scott as trackside reporter and former professional football player and presenter Chris Kamara as commentator. The six male and six female competitors will battle it out in the athletics arena, the swimming pool, gymnasium and velodrome. Each will put their sporting prowess to the test in events from the 100-metre sprint to diving, racking up points on the medals table. At the end of the process, the series will culminate in one male and one female star being crowned champion in a thrilling final showdown. Metro.co.uk has contacted ITV for comments on the reports. The Games starts on Monday at 9pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tipping Point’s Ben Shephard pays tribute to contestant who died after filming episode MORE : Mel B dedicates MBE to survivors of domestic abuse as she receives honour from Prince William at Buckingham Palace 