A missing teenage girl who has not been seen for two weeks is now feared to have been abducted, police say. Madison, also known as Maddie, left her foster parents’ home in Southmead, Bristol, saying she was going to the shops on April 26 and has not been seen since. Detective Inspector Laura Miller, of Avon and Somerset Police, said: ‘We are no longer investigating Maddie’s disappearance as a missing person case but as a child abduction. ‘When Maddie has previously gone missing she has been found in the company of adult men and it is mainly due to this history that we believe she is likely to currently be with someone. ‘Maddie is a child in foster care, no one has permission to keep her from her carers. She is vulnerable and at risk of being taken advantage of. ‘We’re really concerned about her safety and have a dedicated team working extremely hard to locate her.’ She added: ‘No one has seen or heard from Maddie for 15 days – since she saw a relative on 26 April when she said she was going to the shop. ‘The circumstances of her disappearance are deeply worrying for us; her family and her carers. ‘We have a number of lines of enquiry and while we’ve had great deal of help from the public to date for which we’re incredibly grateful, we still need more. ‘We’re asking anyone who sees Maddie to call 999 immediately and anyone who speaks to her or sees her online to call 101. ‘Maddie – if you see this please contact us if you can to let us know you’re safe. Everyone is worried about you.’ Detective Inspector Stuart Toms said previously that police were ‘increasingly concerned for her safety’. He said: ‘Maddie is known to use social media to meet new people who provide her with money and a place to stay. ‘She’s a vulnerable teenage girl who is at risk of being exploited and we urgently need the public’s help to locate her and make sure she’s okay.’ He added: ‘Our previous appeals have not generated a great deal and so we’re asking people to share this appeal far and wide so we can reach as many people as possible. ‘Maddie is very active on social media but she changes her accounts frequently. As well as appealing to anyone who might see Maddie to contact us, we’re also keen to hear from anyone who sees her online to get in touch.’ Madison is white, about 5ft tall and of average build with shoulder length brown hair. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.