Crawley Town have confirmed manager John Yems has left the club following accusations he racially abused his own players. Yems was suspended indefinitely in late April following ‘serious and credible accusations’ of discriminatory language and behaviour aimed at members of his own squad. The Daily Mail reported details of the allegations, which Yems denies, It included the use of discriminatory language towards black and Asian players at the club, and an allegation that the training ground was segregated. The Football Association announced on Wednesday it was investigating allegations of discriminatory language and conduct from the 62-year-old. Crawley have now confirmed they and Yems have ‘mutually agreed’ his departure with immediate effect. ‘We’re looking forward to the next era of Crawley Town Football Club,’ said Preston Johnson, co-chairman of Crawley Town FC. ‘We have an opportunity to build on more than 125 years of rich history and take this club to the next level. We’re eager to partner with our players and supporters as we build a team and community that Red Devils fans can continue to be proud of — both on and off the pitch.” Assistant manager Lewis Young will take charge of Crawley on an interim basis for the remainder of the current season. Members of the Crawley squad and staff have revealed details of Yems’ conduct. One Crawley player, who wished to remain anonymous, said: ‘He called us terrorists, suicide bombers, curry munchers. ‘He also called one of the players a Zulu warrior. It’s been going on since 2020-21 – in the changing room, during training. ‘No one challenged him on it as he’s the gaffer and we didn’t feel we could. Sometimes players say things in the heat of the moment but from the manager it’s different. He’s the boss, so it’s an abuse of his power.’ A member of staff at Crawley, speaking to Sportsmail, claimed: ‘John would see it as banter, but it’s race-related bullying that has had a damaging effect on several players. Some of them would play along but it’s really hurtful, and many of them are young boys. ‘People were uncomfortable, but most of the players opted to keep their heads down and you can understand why. ‘These are not Premier League players — they are only one fallout with the manager from being kicked out of the club and probably falling out of the professional game. If you leave Crawley, where do you go?’ MORE : Football Association investigating Crawley manager John Yems amid allegations of shocking racism MORE : West Ham star Michail Antonio tips Everton to be relegated from the Premier League For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 