Vladimir Putin has accused Nato of pushing him into war with Ukraine at his highly-anticipated Victory Day parade, alleging that the ‘West was preparing for an invasion of Russia’. The president claimed the alliance was ‘actively pursuing’ Kremlin territory as he addressed crowds in Moscow’s Red Square on Monday. In his speech, he drew parallels between the Red Army’s fighting against Nazi troops and the Russian forces’ action in Ukraine. His remarks come after his army was accused of being ‘the most barbaric and inhuman in the world’ – with mass graves discovered and allegations some soldiers have used rape ‘as an instrument of war against civilians’. The country denies war crimes. After repeated warnings that he will use nuclear weapons against countries that ‘threaten’ his nation, Putin insisted today Russia must ensure ‘the horror of a global war will never be repeated’. Speaking directly to thousands of troops, he told them they were fighting for Russia’s security now. ‘The West was preparing for invasion of Russia, Nato was creating tensions at the borders. They did not want to listen to Russia, they had other plans’, he said. He continued: ‘Nato is actively pursuing our territory. That is absolutely unacceptable to us. ‘We are talking about neo-Nazi’s in Ukraine that the US and its partners are working with. ‘Ukraine is receiving the most modern weaponry from Nato. The decision for this special military operation was forced and was the only correct decision.’ Victory Day – which is supposed to commemorate the victory over Nazi Germany in 1945 – is one of the biggest days in the Russian calendar. Around 11,000 soldiers took to the streets – a downsize of almost a third from previous years – while similar parades took place in Vladivostok and Novosibirsk. Russia paraded its nuclear muscle in Moscow in the form of a massive intercontinental ballistic missile, something not out of the ordinary at the annual occasion. Many pieces of other military equipment was flaunted – but there was the notable absence of an air show. It was expected some MIG-31 fighter jets would fly over Red Square in the ‘Z’ formation – but Russian media said this had been cancelled due to ‘bad weather’. This came as a surprise, given dress rehearsals went ahead only yesterday. After 10 weeks of brutal fighting in Ukraine, the Russian leader said he ‘bowed his head’ to soldiers for ‘fighting for their country’. Observing a minute of silence to honour the fallen, he praised them for ‘shielding each other from bullets as brothers’. Troops and volunteers fighting in the eastern Ukrainian Donbas region were fighting for ‘the future of their Motherland’, he claimed. There were fears Putin – who calls the Ukraine invasion a ‘special military operation’ – would announce all-out war, allowing him to call in conscripts. But he stopped short of following through on this. Regardless, Ukrainians were urged to heed air raid sirens and stay in bomb shelters on Monday by officials concerned that Russian attacks would intensify. The governor of Ukraine’s eastern Luhansk region, Serhiy Gaidai, said: ‘Today we do not know what to expect from the enemy, what terrible thing they might do, so please go out onto the street as little as possible, stay in the shelters.’ Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said Putin wants to intimidate the world with his military parade. In a speech at the National Army Museum in Chelsea, south-west London, Mr Wallace said: ‘Really what President Putin wants is the Russian people and the world to be awed and intimidated by the ongoing memorial to militarism. ‘I believe the ongoing und unprovoked conflict in Ukraine does nothing but dishonour those same soldiers.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. 