Monday is here and you’d be silly not to make the most of it. Find out how, using the stars. Watch out for some hiccups, Gemini. Could that be romance in the air, Sagittarius? Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 9, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 Talkative Mercury is at its slowest point today, before turning retrograde tomorrow in your sector of talk and thought. It’s possible you’re already experiencing some delays due to its winding down, as it prepares to backtrack. If you have a lot of things that need doing, then it’s wise to prepare in advance. Make sure any important files are backed up Aries, so you don’t lose out. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 Take a little more care with money and your financial affairs, Taurus. With Mercury rewinding from tomorrow in your money zone, it’s possible you’ll encounter some hold-ups, and things might not run as smoothly as usual in this regard. Check agreements before you sign them. You may want to keep receipts too, especially if you’re about to purchase any big-ticket items. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 As Mercury your ruler slows prior to regressing in your sign, be prepared for a few hiccups, Gemini. The coming three weeks could coincide with setbacks to your plans, and some may need to be put on ice. It might help to postpone important meetings, as circumstances can change more than once, and any agreements could need further discussion. If you can’t, just do your best. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 Get ready for a blast from the past, as the planet of talk and thought goes into reverse tomorrow in a quiet zone. Memories of events and people could become stronger. It’s even possible that you’ll connect with someone, either through a desire for a reunion or because of a chance meeting. This might be an opportunity to become reacquainted or to resolve lingering issues. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 While elements of your life can seem drawn out, you’ll soon make up for this in other ways. Yet with fiery Mars in Pisces, you may do better when you pace yourself, and try not to force things. You could feel impatient if plans don’t materialize as fast as you would like, but with Mercury rewinding from tomorrow, this trend can continue. Stay cool, and you’ll easily rise above it, Leo. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 You could be disappointed if an opportunity is withdrawn before you’ve had a chance to engage with it. And yet it might be a blessing in disguise, Virgo. As Mercury is at its slowest before rewinding tomorrow, something may be about to shift. You could find that any frustration leads to something even better coming your way, and perhaps much sooner than you think. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 The Sun makes a lingering tie to electric Uranus, which can find you still chaffing at the bit and impatient for things to happen. Yet you may have no option but to let things unfold as they do, Libra. As sassy Mercury goes into reverse from tomorrow, and with Mars still in dreamy Pisces, it’s best to work with the currents rather than against them. Life will be so much easier. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 As lovely Venus continues her journey through Aries, you may be ready to do whatever it takes to create a healthy glow, which can be so attractive to others. If you feel moved to eat better, do more exercise, drink more water or a combination of all of these and more, it could boost confidence. On another note, Mercury rewinds tomorrow, so don’t ignore the small print, Scorpio. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Is romance in the air, Archer? The positive emphasis on your pleasure zone, suggests that it may be. Venus here can bring out your flirtatious side, and get you out and about where you’ll enjoy mixing and mingling. Joining a group that is linked with your interests could bring you in contact with others who share your passion. And someone you meet might stand out from the crowd. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 Talkative Mercury will regress from tomorrow in your lifestyle sector, so be extra careful with contracts or a potential job that involves a lot of money. In fact, don’t wait until then, begin now if you have important interviews or issues to handle today. Be sure to read everything and don’t gloss over details. The more thorough you are, the less cause you’ll have for regret, Capricorn. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 Lovely Venus in your sector of talk and thought, can shine a positive light on your dealings with others, and assist you with discussions and negotiations. And yet with quicksilver Mercury turning retrograde, it’s wise to pay attention to anything that needs to be signed, or agreements that you have on the go. With just a little care, you may have an easier time of it all, Aquarius. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Mars continues in your sign, and while it can give you extra energy, you may do better when you flow with events rather than try to swim against the current. You might have a strong idea about what you want, but getting it could be a roundabout affair and involve making use of your intuition. Even if you do end up going on a convoluted course, you’ll get there in the end, Pisces. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your 2022 horoscope: What the year ahead holds for all star signs MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign's biggest strength... and weakness