A manor in Cornwall has come on the market and, while it’s a great find, there is a catch. Simply put, you’ll need to be keen on the idea of a fixer-upper – as it needs plenty of work. Trehane Manor is described as an ‘awe-inspiring’ property, and is now being sold by Lillicrap Chilcott. However, it has no windows, doors or roof, as Cornwall Live reports. Nevertheless, it could be worth the extra work, given it’s close to Truro and has amazing grounds. The sale advert says: ‘An exceptional five-acre site in a magical and private setting, with the ruins of a Grade II listed Queen Anne manor house and detailed planning consent for its reconstruction to create what would be one of Cornwall’s finest country houses. ‘An unrivalled and unrepeatable opportunity in a blissful yet highly convenient location.’ Trehane Manor was left to decay after a fire in 1946 – but, before this, its gardens were some of the best in Cornwall and were home to many rare species. The estate also has a rich history, going back to the 13th century. In 1700, it was owned by John Williams and was later passed through the family line. Then, in 1861, Captain William Stackhouse Church Pinwill owned the property, but he was away until 1868. Trehane was then requisitioned just before the Second World War. Austrian Jews fleeing the Nazis stayed in the house in temporary huts – and one has even been restored by the current owners. But it was in 1946, when ownership changed, that a fire destroyed the home. As of today, the ruins are said to be unstable and highly dangerous. A listing by Historic England sheds light on the derelict state, reading: ‘Gutted by fire in 1946. Roofless. Walls survive. Redbrick in English and Flemish bonds and Pentewan stone dressings. Originally double-depth plan with central courtyard. Two storeys. Seven window fronts to north, south and east. ‘Principal east front has ovolo-moulded plinth, central doorway, flat Pentewan stone arches to window openings without frames. ‘Moulded Pentewan stone sills and plain band at first-floor level. Four giant brick pilasters. One original sash window survives at rear with thick ovolo-moulded glazing bars. Two axial walls survive with tall brick stacks. Including contemporary brick wall adjoining northeast corner which forms north side of east garden. ‘The brick courses are laid to slope of land which falls gently away on east side.’ Offers beyond £600,000 are being welcomed. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : An expert reveals the ‘four Ps’ of property investment you need to know MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value MORE : Homeowners reveal their property search dealbreakers