Despite its reputation, cider is good for more than just a sesh. Fruity, crisp and refreshing, cider is the drink of choice for many – especially during summer. Yet somehow, thanks at least in part to the likes of brands like White Lightning and Scrumpy Jacks, cider isn’t exactly something you’d think of as a pairing for a fancy meal. But justice for cider fans, we say. If you’re looking to boost your summer spread, here’s a list of tips from Jane Peyton, the UK’s first accredited cider sommelier. Jane, founder of the School of Booze, has shared what she called her cider matching mantra, the first option of which is about how to coordinate your cider choice with the food. ‘Think about the texture and density of food and match the cider accordingly,’ she explained. ‘For instance, lighter foods with a light-bodied cider or fuller-bodied ciders with a heavier food, such as game.’ You might also want to think about what you’d like to cut the flavours with. ‘Choose cider with either tannins and acidity, or both,’ Jane said, ‘to cut through texture, flavour, richness, and fattiness.’ Similar to the co-ordinating step, you’ll want to pick a cider which works with your meal rather than against it. ‘Pick a cider that complements the flavours of the food,’ Jane instructed, ‘such as a savoury cider with umami-rich cheese. ‘This can also mean adding in a missing taste profile that would balance it, such as a sweet cider for a dish needing sweetness.’ Sometimes, the best cider pairing will be the total opposite to what’s on your plate. ‘For example,’ said Jane, ‘a sweet cider with salty food such as anchovy, or a dry cider with something sweet, like a creamy dessert.’ Jane said spicy dishes should go with sweet cider because the sweetness will balance out the intensity. ‘Charcuterie goes with subtlety sweet acidic cider,’ she added, ‘as acidity cuts through the texture and balances the rich meats. ‘Seafood goes with light, acidic cider. Seafood is light in texture and acidic, so needs a complimentary cider. ‘Chicken or turkey with fruity, acidic cider. Being mildly flavoured, the acidity of the cider enhances the flavours of the meat, and the fruitiness is fresh and complementary. ‘Pasta and rice dishes go with acidic cider, as cereal-based foods are acidic so this benefits from a complementary match.’ As for where to look for top tipple, Jane recommended Find & Foster, Bollhayes, Little Pomona, Sandford Orchards, and Fine Cider. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Love cider? Cycle round Herefordshire to experience its historic tasting trails MORE : How strong are wine, beer, cider, and prosecco? Average ABV explained MORE : Trying the apple cider vinegar penis-enlarging trick could leave you with painful burns