After a couple of years away, this year’s Pride celebrations are promising a side of protest along with a monumental party. Bristol, London, Manchester and Brighton are just a few of the UK cities rolling out the rainbow flags for a huge parage. But it’s not just the UK that’s getting in on the action – there are also major Pride events taking place in Berlin, Sweden and even, um, Torremolinos! So get your face paint on, buckle up your harnesses, and check out where to spread the love this summer. Yes, really. While the Costa del Sol might be better known to Brits as a flip-and-flop package spot, quiz a Madrileño on where they go for a lolsy hol and many will point south to Torremolinos. So if you’ve done gay Gran Canaria, Madrid and Barcelona, it’s only right you give it a whirl. With its own gaybourhood, La Nogalera, and a handful of gay beaches in and around town, as well as one of Europe’s biggest gay hotels, Ritual, it’s now so popular that this year it’s throwing two prides – one in summer, one in winter. Take that, Maspalomas. Fancy some sightseeing? Beyond the beaches, get your shopping on along Calle San Miguel or soak up some peace at Parque La Bateria. Stay: Rooms at Ritual from £87pn. Pride in London is marking 50 years since the UK’s first Pride parade by retracing the original 1972 march from Hyde Park Corner to Whitehall. Events elsewhere are still TBC but about 1.5 million people are expected to turn up, all the clubs will be doing specials (bag tickets early) and, come 4pm, Soho will turn into a village fête-cum-rave (if you grew up in a village where everyone strolls around in a vest clutching a tin of G&T, that is). Get stuck in. Fancy some sightseeing? Head to the Tower of London to see Superbloom, a sea of flowers for the Queen’s Jubilee (tickets £13.20). Stay: The shiny new Amano in Covent Garden has rooms from £179pn. Brighton Pride feels part of the town’s DNA so everyone gets involved. You’ll find uni mates street-partying in Kemptown, crowds at the We Are Fabuloso festival in Preston Park (tickets from £32.50) as well as families doing low-key flag-waving at the parade, whose 2022 theme is ‘Love, Protest & Unity’. Given the expected 300,000 people, most events are ticketed, so plan ahead. If you’re not local, sort out your route home. Be warned: those trains! A three-day cacophony of shrieking. Not that we’d have it any other way. Fancy some sightseeing? A stroll around the Lanes offers indie boutiques. For a bit of kitsch, visit the Royal Pavilion (tickets £17), a former seaside retreat for King George IV. Stay: Bed down by the seafront at Malmaison Brighton, with rooms from £149pn. For a chilled LGBT+-tinged city break, try Scandinavia’s largest Pride in Stockholm. Festivities take place over a week, with the main parade pulling in about half a million people. There’s also Pride Park, which features the usual stages and exhibitions (as well as an 18+ kink zone), and Pride House, which offers workshops and talks all week. After wandering around, soaking up the rainbow vibes in one of Europe’s friendliest, most civilised cities, head for a sunset drink and dip at Malarpaviljongen, a gay-run floating restaurant-bar that’s emblematic of Stockholm’s everyone’s-welcome scene. Fancy some sightseeing? A pilgrimage to the Abba museum takes you on an interactive journey through one of pop’s great bands (tickets £22.60). Stay: Downtown Camper by Scandic has rooms available from £98pn. Europe’s party capital offers a whole Pride month with two main event options. There’s CSD, or Christopher Street Day, Berlin’s principal Pride event, whose parade winds from Schoneberg, Berlin’s main queer district, to Brandenburg Gate. And there’s also Stadtfest, held a week before around Nollendorfplatz, with an alternative queer Berlin vibe (think demo with side of guys casually chatting in puppy masks). Here for clubbing? Advanced tickets are essential for big guns such as Berghain (prices vary). Fancy some sightseeing? Take a break from the madness with a stroll through the Tiergarten, and barter for vintage vinyl and retro threads at Mauerpark, one of the city’s biggest Sunday flea markets. Stay: The Art’otel in fashionable Mitte has rooms from £98pn. Bristol’s Pride comprises more than two weeks of events and activities across the city, from June 25 to July 10, including the ever-popular dog show (categories include ‘most like owner’ and ‘best musical sit’). There’s also the Queer Vision Film Festival, with the fortnight culminating in Pride Day on Saturday, July 9 on The Downs. Carly Rae Jepsen headlines, while Ana Matronic tops the bill at the after-party at the O2 Academy (tickets £12). A supporters’ wristband will set you back £7. Fancy some sightseeing? Take a street art tour to find out how the likes of Banksy got started (tickets from £7.50) and, if it’s hot, cool off at the Lido in Clifton (non-members swim, £20). Stay: Stylish central hotel The Bristol has rooms from £88pn. Manchester Pride has ditched the superstars and its MCR Pride Live event and gone back to its roots this year with the focus on being a protest again, rather than a pop concert. So expect a colossal parade and the Gay Village Party but also a candlelit vigil, Youth Pride MCR, Family Pride MCR and the Human Rights Forum. Our tip? Superbia Weekend, a free queer culture festival taking place in alcohol-free venues – it’s the ideal cerebral accompaniment to the main shebang. Fancy some sightseeing? Eat your way around Ancoats, the city’s hottest new foodie neighbourhood – from small plates and natural wine at Erst to modern British at Mana from ex-Noma chef Simon Martin. Stay: The cool Cow Hollow hotel has rooms from £119pn. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Swedish village paints entire street with rainbow flag colours in time for Pride MORE : In the run up to Pride, companies need to learn how to really be allies MORE : Rainbow 50p coin revealed to celebrate 50th anniversary of Pride