Travis Scott is reportedly being sued for wrongful death by a woman who claims she suffered a miscarriage at Astroworld after being crushed at the event. 10 people died at the November festival with a recent lawsuit claiming more than 4,900 were injured in a crowd crush during Scott’s performance. Shanazia Williamson and her husband Jarawd Owens of Dayton, Ohio, who were expecting a baby before the festival, are suing Scott, Live Nation and ScoreMore, security company Valle Services SMG, ASM Global, and the Harris County Sports and Convention corporation. The suit was filed in December. It reads (via Rolling Stone): ‘While in attendance at the festival, Shanazia was trampled and crushed resulting in horrific injuries and ultimately the death of her and Jarawd’s unborn child. ‘In addition, Shanazia sustained injuries to her shoulder, back, leg, chest, stomach and other parts of her body.’ ‘Defendants’ failure to plan, design, manage, operate, staff, and supervise the event was a direct and proximate cause of Shanazia’s injuries and death of her and Jarawd’s unborn child,’ it reportedly adds. It also alleges there was inadequate security and medical personnel for the festival and safety hazards were not recognised. In Texas, where the suit has been filed, foetuses can be included in wrongful death claims. A source close to Scott recently told TMZ in response to a separate lawsuit: ‘It’s very clear that the tide is turning as the authorities and public conversation has been focused on concert operators and security contractors rather than performers.’ Organisers Live Nation previously said in a statement: ‘We continue to support and assist local authorities in their ongoing investigation so that both the fans who attended and their families can get the answers they want and deserve, and we will address all legal matters at the appropriate time.’ Following the tragedy, ScoreMore and Live Nation issued a joint statement, saying they were working with local authorities, and to support attendees and the families of the victims. Scott, 31, shared a statement hours after the incident and said: ‘I just wanna send out prayers to the ones that was lost last night. ‘We’re actually working now to identify the families so we can help assist them through this tough time. My fans really mean the world to me and I always want to leave them with a positive experience.’ Defending himself, he added: ‘Anytime I can make out anything that’s going on, you know, I stop the show and you know, help them get the help they need. I could just never imagine the severity of the situation. ‘To the ones that was lost last night, we’re working right now to ID the families so we can help assist them through this tough time. ‘I’m honestly just devastated… I could never imagine anything like this just happening.’ Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Travis Scott, Live Nation and ScoreMore, security company Valle Services SMG, ASM Global, and the Harris County Sports and Convention corporation for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Diddy says it’s ‘time to forgive’ Travis Scott over Astroworld after he ‘demanded’ rapper performs at Billboard Music Awards MORE : Astroworld: More than 4,900 people injured at Travis Scott’s festival where 10 people died, class action says 