Vladimir Putin’s regime is ‘mirroring the facism’ of the Nazis, the UK defence secretary has said hours after the Russian leader spoke at Victory Day celebrations in Moscow. Speaking at the National Army Museum in Chelsea, south-west London, Mr Wallace accused Putin and his inner circle of showing ‘the same disregard for human life’ as Nazi Germany. ‘Through the invasion of Ukraine, Putin, his inner circle, his generals, are now mirroring fascism and tyranny 77 years ago, repeating the errors of the last century’s totalitarian regimes,’ he said. ‘They are showing the same disregard for human life, national sovereignty and the rules-based international system. ‘The very system not least the United Nations Charter itself that we conceived together and for which we fought and were victorious together in the hope of saving future generations from the scourge of war.’ Today is Victory Day in Russia, a day of patriotic celebrations which mark the Soviet Union’s defeat of Nazi Germany in 1945. In Moscow, Putin gave a speech to crowds gathered in the city’s Red Square for the display of military bravado. During the address, he accused Nato of pushing him into war with Ukraine. Asked about Putin’s claims, Mr Wallace bluntly denied that Nato and Western allies have ever planned to attack Russia. ‘President Putin has made a number of fairytale claims for months and years now,’ the Cabinet minister said. ‘If it wasn’t so tragic it would be amusing, but it isn’t. ‘One of his claims is that he is surrounded. Nato accounts for 6% of his land border. That’s not being surrounded if only 6% of your land border is Nato countries. ‘I think he is believing what he wants to believe – a slight shine of desperation. But let me put on the record categorically: Nato, Britain, Eastern Europe is not planning to invade Russia and never has done.’ Victory Day has taken on new significance during Putin’s time in office, with this year’s events widely expected to be an even more fervent display of patriotism than in previous years. Mr Wallace said Putin’s ‘unprovoked, illegal, senseless and self-defeating invasion of Ukraine’ had ‘corrupted the memory of past sacrifices and Russia’s once-proud global reputation’. He said the Russian leader should not be allowed to mythologise the official national history as one simply of ‘smashing Nazism’. Mr Wallace said the day should be a day of ‘reflection’ to commemorate suffering. He also accused Russia’s generals of being ‘utterly complicit’ in the ‘lowly gangsterism’ under Putin. In his speech, Mr Wallace said: ‘Shame on those who seek to use the suffering or the Russians as a launchpad for their own imperial ambitions. ‘They are the ones who truly insult the memory of the immortal regiment. So, let’s call out the absurdity of Russian generals resplendent in their manicured parade uniforms, weighed down by the gold braid and glistening metals. ‘They are utterly complicit in Putin’s hijacking of their forebearers’ proud history of defending against the ruthless invasion, of repelling fascism and sacrificing themselves for higher purpose. ‘Now they are the ones inflicting needless suffering in the service of lowly gangsterism and for them, and for Putin, there can be no Victory Day, only dishonour and surely defeat in Ukraine.’ Russia’s invasion of Ukraine is now in its tenth week, during which period millions of people have fled Ukraine and thousands have been killed and injured. The United Nations Office for Human Rights (OHCHR) has recorded 6,802 civilian casualties in Ukraine, including 3,309 killed and 3,493 injured. Of those who have been killed more than 230 are understood to be children. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.