Just a matter of days stand in the way of the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 final in Turin, Italy, and speculation is rife over who will win. The competition kicks off today with two semi-finals, the second taking place on May 12, followed by the grand final on Saturday May 14. Sam Ryder, a 32-year-old TikTok star, will be representing the UK with his song, Space Man, which has prompted a cautiously optimistic response. The singer found fame covering songs on the social media site during lockdown, amassing 12 million followers and catching the attention of global stars including Justin Bieber and Alicia Keys. But does he have what it takes to go in and win the competition? We’ve got all the latest odds right here. The Ukrainian act is favourite to win Eurovision 2022 with odds of 21/20, according to Betfair Exchange. Hip hop act Kalush Orchestra, whose song Stefania blends modern rap and classical Ukrainian folk music, could triumph amid the Russian invasion of their country. Ukraine last won the contest in 2016 and therefore hosted the 2017 event in its capital of Kyiv. Betfair is tipping host country Italy in second place with odds of 11/2 for their act, Mahmood And Blanco, who will be performing the song, Brividi. Third place goes to Sweden with odds of 7/1, which is being represented by Cornelia Jakobs and her emotive pop ballad, Hold Me Closer. In a break with recent tradition, the UK is tipped to come fourth with odds of 12/1. Chanel from Spain is representing her country with SloMo and has odds of 25/1. Also in the running, according to Betfair Exchange, are Greece, Poland and Norway with odds of 80/1 or less. The UK has featured at the bottom of the Eurovision leaderboard for the past two contests, coming in last place in 2019 with Michael Rice’s Bigger Than Us, and James Newman’s Embers scoring ‘nul points’ in 2021. This year, however, Sam is being given 100/1 odds to score the dreaded zero. Only time will tell if we can do it! The Eurovision Song Contest Grand Final will air on Saturday, May 14, at 8pm on BBC One and will also be available on BBC iPlayer. Graham Norton will return to the programme for the 13th year, where he will commentate live from Turin. TV presenter, AJ Odudu will take the reins of the Eurovision Spokesperson and will deliver the results of the UK professional jury vote live from Salford, for the first time ever. Eurovision Song Contest airs on Saturday at 8pm on BBC One. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 