A single mum whose electricity bill soared to £760 a month says she can’t afford to heat her home anymore and uses candles for light. Nicola Elson, 32, was spending more on energy bills than on her rent, and says it isn’t sustainable. The mum-of-five has had to send her children to stay with their dad because she doesn’t want them in her flat when she can’t heat it or turns the lights on. Nicola has lived at her two-bed flat in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, Scotland, for just over a year and spends the majority of her salary on her electricity meter. She moved into her flat in March 2021 and she says she needed to put around £140 on her Pay As You Go meter every week to see her through at first. The figure has increased over time to up to £190 a week, which comes to more than her rent of £475 a month. She rang up her provider, ScottishPower, to enquire why she was paying so much and says she was told that it was due to her appliances. At the time, she only used a fridge-freezer, TV, kettle and cooker, although she also heats her house using electricity with plug-in storage heaters. Nicola said: ‘I have five children but three of them live with their father. They come to stay with me but it has been less because of this problem. ‘My younger two have to be with their dad and siblings because I can’t afford to have the heating or lights on at night.’ It comes as energy regulator Ofgem said it plans to review the price cap every three months instead of every six and make it harder for companies to offer good deals to switch – changes Martin Lewis branded a f***ing disgrace’. Nicola, who is on Universal Credit and works as a cleaner, buys £100 worth of food each month that she hopes will be enough to feed her and daughters Tillie, four, and Eilidh, three. She said: ‘Sometimes I don’t eat breakfast or lunch so the girls can have it. ‘I can’t do nice things with them or give them what a mother should be, because all my time goes on calling Scottish Power and all my money goes on my meter. ‘I sit with candles on at night and no heating on. ‘I do a morning shift which I have had to pick up to help pay for my electric on top of my evening shift.’ She has been taking medication for anxiety and depression since January, which she says is a result of her having to say goodbye to her children at the end of the day, as they can’t stay over. ‘Everything I make goes into the meter – I get paid £860 for my job as a cleaner in two schools,’ she said. She turns off everything at the sockets, and asks her friends and family to help her with laundry. Nicola said: ‘I use my cooker maybe four times a month on a Saturday to batch cook everything to put in the microwave on the weekdays. ‘I’m at their grandparents for dinner three times a week and that’s also where I get most of my washing done, bathe my children and bring them home when it’s bed time.’ In May, Nicola was offered a £40 top-up code to help her keep up with her electricity requirements, which she believed she did not have to pay back. She called ScottishPower for a new code every two days up until December when she was told they could no longer provide any more as they ‘don’t like to put our customers in debt’. She then realised that she was required to repay the top-ups, and since then her meter has fluctuated between telling her that she is £2,000 in debt and £300 in credit. She does not know if her rate has been adjusted since to help her pay off her debt gradually. Nicola wants to share her experience to urge electricity companies to do something to help families like hers. A ScottishPower spokesperson said: ‘We’ve been actively investigating the issues raised by Ms Elson, which are complex and involve a number of factors including whether the meter she had fitted is the best one for her type of property and energy use, the significant level of top-ups provided to the account – which require to be repaid – and resolving outstanding billing issues. ‘Ms Elson has now chosen to pursue the matter with the Energy Ombudsman rather than the Extra Help Unit, therefore we will continue to do what we can to support the Ombudsman’s investigation, including arranging a customer liaison visit, but we will only be able to reach resolution once the Ombudsman’s due process has concluded.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.