Perrie Edwards has given Little Mix fans a glimmer of hope that the hiatus may not happen as she joked about calling it off. The band are set to go on a break, 10 years after becoming the first group to win the X Factor, and it’s safe to say the Mixers are devastated about this news. Little Mix have been performing the end dates of their last tour (for now), with their final performance set to take place on Saturday. However, it appears Perrie will miss the band just as much as the fans, as she was filmed telling Jade Thirlwall and the audience at the Confetti tour: ‘Shall we just call off the hiatus?’ Jade then responded: ‘Don’t tempt me! I think we should…’ Don’t mess with our hearts like this, ladies! Earlier in the week, the girls took part in their final TV interview ahead of the hiatus on The One Show, where Jade got emotional as she paid tribute to the fans. When asked what she wanted to tell them, Jade said: ‘I think just thank you more than anything. Thank you for your support over the last 10 years, thanks for keeping us around for this long. ‘We’re honestly so unbelievably grateful for all of the support we’ve had and we’ve really felt that on this tour and we will feel it at the last show. That’s going to be special. ‘We still pinch ourselves even now that we’ve got to this point in our career, so it’s all good.’ The band also vowed to support one another in their solo ventures, with Jade adding: ‘No matter what we do going forwards, we’ve got each other to support each other through that. ‘This is all we’ve known. Our whole adult lives, we’ve been in this group together, supporting each other, and that’s not going to change once we start doing our own thing in the future.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Little Mix prove to be genuine ‘picture of unity’ in final interview: All the signs hiatus really is just ‘for now’ MORE : Little Mix are nothing less than pop perfection as they bow out from London’s O2 Arena with colour, charisma, and Confetti 