A Metropolitan Police officer has been charged with 44 sexual assault offences as three more alleged attacks were added to his charge sheet. David Carrick, 47, was initially facing 29 accusations of sex abuse crimes from eight victims. A further 12 allegations were brought on March 16, taking the total to 41 alleged attacks on 11 victims. Now, three more charges relating to a new complainant have been added meaning Carrick is accused of committing 44 sex offences against 12 victims. The full charge sheet includes 16 counts of rape, five counts of sexual assault and three counts of assault by penetration. He also faces three counts of coercive and controlling behaviour, two counts of false imprisonment, one count of attempted rape, one count of attempted sexual assault by penetration and one count of causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent. Carrick, who was authorised to carry firearms and guard Downing Street, was immediately suspended from the force after he was arrested last October. He was initially arrested after a Tinder date said Carrick raped her after the pair met at a pub in St Albans, Hertfordshire. More alleged victims came forward the next month. The crimes are said to have taken place between 2003 and 2020. The most recently added three allegedly happened between 2008 and 2009. Carrick previously pleaded not guilty to all the other alleged offences during hearings at Woolwich Crown Court and St Albans Crown Court. The Met said today: ‘We recognise that these are extremely serious and concerning allegations. ‘Referrals have been made to the Independent Office for Police Conduct as the investigation has progressed. ‘The Met’s Directorate of Professional Standards continues to monitor developments closely and will provide whatever support it can to Hertfordshire officers. ‘National regulations dictate that any misconduct proceedings must await the outcome of the criminal case.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.