Married life seems to be treating Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz very well as the newlyweds made a glamorous red carpet appearance at the Dior Men’s Spring/Summer 2023 show in LA last night. The couple posed on the blue carpet at the showcase, which was unveiled by Artistic Director Kim Jones, who also happens to be a close friend of Brooklyn’s mum, fashion designer Victoria Beckham. Brooklyn, 23, wore a grey and navy hooded jumper with a pair of satin suit trousers, while Nicola, 27, looked stunning in a pastel blue suit from Christian Dior’s ready to wear 2023 collection. It’s the PDA for us, though, as the pair put on a public display of affection as Brooklyn kissed Nicola’s neck in front of photographers before they entered the event holding hands. This was the second red carpet event the twosome – who were joined by a pregnant Kelly Osbourne at the star-studded show – have attended since marrying in Palm Beach on April 9, at the sprawling property belonging to Nicola’s billionaire dad Nelson and her mother Claudia Heffner Peltz. They had earlier enjoyed their red carpet debut as husband and wife at the Met Gala earlier this month, with the aspiring chef looking dapper in a white suit and a shirt which he casually left unbuttoned to serve a little chest. Bates Motel actress Nicola also aced the brief with her show-stopping fuschia strapless gown with a plunging neckline down to her stomach. They’ve been making the most of their honeymoon period by jetting around the States, after previously being photographed in Santa Monica, California, shopping at a luxury supermarket, while Brooklyn also recently unwound from the hustle and bustle of the wedding with a spot of golf on a sunny day. They then went gloriously low-key as they enjoyed a night out with friends at Wetherspoons in Soho. Brooklyn was catching up with old friends on his return to the UK, with another snap uploaded to Instagram Stories of him and a mate featuring the tag ‘Reunited’. The couple are reportedly planning a proper honeymoon extravaganza in Europe soon. And we’re ready for the photos. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz rock up to farmer’s market in £350,000 wedding present vintage car MORE : Newlyweds Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz enjoy casual dinner after glamorous Met Gala appearance