A couple with a taste for the darker things in life have wed in a very special ceremony. Jodie and Matthew Moore, who live in Amersham with their cat Frankie, met on Tinder in 2015 and bonded over their shared interest in horror films. So for their wedding, they knew they wanted to incorporate their love for the genre, as well as for the show Peaky Blinders, into the special day. Jodie, 28, donned a lush black wedding dress as she walked down the aisle to Fall Out Boy’s ‘Heaven’s Gate’ on October 26, 2021. She paired the dress with red heels to match her crimson hair, while warehouse operative Matthew, 25, and his groomsmen dressed in waistcoats and flat caps in a nod to the hit show. The decor consisted of fake skulls, floating candles, fake butterflies and dried flower petals – mostly made by the bride. Each guest table was named after one of the couple’s favourite horror films – Alien, IT, Hannibal, American Psycho, Hellraiser and Carrie. The wedding cake was red and black, with Chucky and the Bride of Chucky figurines nestled on top instead of a traditional bride and groom topper. Jodie, who is now pregnant with her first child, said: ‘We have both always been into more gothic things, darker colours, more unusual and that style reflects in our home and the sort of home décor we buy. ‘We had both always enjoyed watching horror films so it was something we definitely bonded on. Neither of us is afraid of the slasher and gory films and loves anything dark and creepy. ‘Peaky Blinders is also a show we have both loved, and we thought a nod to it in terms of groomsmen outfits would be a good alternative to the usual formal suit. ‘We were both so happy with the centrepieces we had put together with a nod towards something we both love. ‘The wedding was perfect including all the things we loved. Looking back, we know we made the right decision.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : Like Kourtney and Travis, my family didn’t come to my wedding – it doesn’t mean we’re not close MORE : My £10k wedding: ‘How I saved £20,000 on my big day’ MORE : Sisters ‘accidentally marry wrong grooms’ after power cut during wedding