Russia’s elite airborne forces have suffered heavy casualties in Ukraine, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said. In what will make painful reading for the Russian President, British defence chiefs detailed his ‘tactical failures’ in their latest war report. They include Russians being forced to retreat from an airport near Kyiv, the stalled progress in Izium, and the failed crossing over the Siverskyi Donets River. According to their intelligence, Putin’s military is now an ‘unbalanced overall force’, while strategic mismanagement and ‘complacency’ among Russian commanders is causing heavy losses among the country’s elite VDV. It was found the VDV are getting wiped out in battles better suited to heavier armoured infantry units. The MoD wrote: ‘Russia’s airborne forces – the VDV – have been heavily involved in several notable tactical failures since the start of Russia’s invasion. ‘This includes the attempted advance on Kyiv via Hostomel Airfield in March, the stalled progress on the Izium axis since April, and the recent failed and costly crossings of the Siverskyi Donets River. ‘Russian doctrine anticipates assigning the VDV to some of the most demanding operations. The 45,000-strong VDV is mostly comprised of professional contract soldiers. Its members enjoy elite status and attract additional pay. ‘The VDV has been employed on missions better suited to heavier armoured infantry and has sustained heavy casualties during the campaign. Its mixed performance likely reflects a strategic mismanagement of this capability and Russia’s failure to secure air superiority.’ The defence chiefs added the ‘misemployment’ of the VDV in Ukraine highlights how Putin’s significant investment in the military has ‘unbalanced’ its overall force. ‘The failure to anticipate Ukrainian resistance and the subsequent complacency of Russian commanders has led to significant losses across many of Russia’s more elite units,’ they added. This is not the first time reports have confirmed Russian losses in Ukraine. Earlier this month, the MoD said Putin had lost a third of his troops in the face of stiff resistance. The previous report found Russia had ‘lost momentum’ and was ‘significantly behind schedule’ in annexing Ukraine’s eastern region. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.