Fresh, clean and vibrant carpets can really lift a living space. Not only do they feel comfy and soft under your feet, but they can also complete the feel of the room, adding brightness and warmth and lightening up rooms and hallways. However, dull, dirty or lifeless carpets can have the opposite effect. It’s really hard to keep carpets looking fresh – especially when they’re a light colour – but dirty marks and flattened pile doesn’t always mean you have to rip it up and get a new one. There are actually ways to bring your old carpets back to life. Rake’s aren’t only a useful tool for the garden, a special carpet rake could actually help you bring your carpet back to life. You can buy them on Amazon and they have small plastic or metal teeth which should make your carpets look fluffier and new. All you have to to is rake towards you, in the opposite direction of the pile. Just make sure you don’t use this tool on woven carpet, though. There are a few household items that could actually work wonders on your carpet when used in the right way – and shaving foam is one of them. Shaving foam can help with most stains, even tough ones like grease or lipstick, and bring your carpet back to life. All you have to do is squirt the shaving cream on the stain, leave for 30 minutes then blot with a dry cloth. You’ve probably got some of this stuff languishing in the back of a cupboard, but it could be time to put it to use. Baking soda cleans, and it also kills bacteria, refreshes the pile and can remove odours too. For this hack, you have to apply baking soda all over your carpet – to completely cover it – then use a stiff brush to work it in, rubbing it in different directions. Leave the baking soda overnight then vacuum it up the next day. You might not realise it, but the colour of your walls might actually be making your carpet look more tired and worn. Experts say that bright wall colours can show up grubby carpets, so try toning down the colour to bring your carpet and walls into alignment. Pesky water stains and tidemarks really age your carpet. But there is a technique you can try to get rid of it. A mix of 30/70 vinegar and water can be sprayed lightly on to a water stain and then dabbed out with a clean, white cloth, as Laura De Barra explained to The Journal. ‘Vinegar’s PH can loosen the water stain, especially at the edges which tend to be the most visible,’ says Laura. ‘Apply and then pat until the mix is removed, taking the water stain with it. ‘Make sure you do not leave any moisture to sit on the carpet afterward, as this is what will have caused the original stain. Dab over with a dry cloth to remove any excess moisture and allow to air dry. ‘Repeat if the stain has lightened but not lifted entirely.’ Just like with your hair, matted carpet can easily be brought back to life with a good blow dry. First, spritz some warm water onto the matted area then blow-dry with a hairdryer – gently – and at the same time, fluff the carpet fibres back into place using your fingers or a hairpin. Allow the carpet to dry completely before walking on it. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Mum reveals how she turned tiny cupboard into home office for free – using Ikea units MORE : People share how they transformed their bathrooms on a budget using DIY MORE : 14 easy DIY hacks that will add value to your home