Canelo Alvarez insists he wants a rematch against Dmitry Bivol and believes he did not deserve to lose their fight in Las Vegas on Saturday evening. The Mexican suffered the second defeat of his career as Bivol produced a masterclass to retain his WBA light heavyweight title. All three judges scored the contest 115-113 in favour of Bivol, however, many felt that the 31-year-old Russian had won by an even more comfortable margin. Alvarez was tipped for a trilogy fight against Gennady Golovkin later this year, but following his loss, Canelo now says he wants to face Bivol for a second time. ‘Yes, we want the rematch and we want to do much better in the rematch,’ Canelo said after his defeat. ‘I feel that often judges score things that perhaps they shouldn’t, for example I was blocking shots and I was rolling punches, and I think sometimes that’s where the mistake may have been made.’ Asked if he thought he was ever behind on the scorecards during the fight, Canelo replied: ‘No.’ And when asked if he would’ve thought differently had he known he was behind, Canelo said: ‘More aggressively, I think.’ Bivol, meanwhile, revealed after the fight that he exploited Canelo’s tendency to throw more power punches. ‘The whole fight I was focused, I saw he threw only hard punches, and after hard punches he was a little bit tired,’ said Bivol. ‘Canelo is a good fighter for a counter-puncher, but I made him be more forward and I was the counter-puncher today, and this was the key.’ Speaking after the fight, Eddie Hearn praised Bivol for his ‘outstanding’ defensive display against Canelo. ‘We talked going into this fight about how good Dmitry Bivol is, how tough this fight way, and it was a punch-perfect performance,’ said Hearn. ‘He had to box exactly the way he boxed to win that fight. The judges had it right for me. He won the fight. Did Canelo look a little bit flat? Did he look tired? I think it was the brilliance of Dmitry Bivol. ‘You saw his arms after the fight. He caught nearly everything on the glove. ‘His defense was outstanding, his feet were great. He was aggressive enough in the fight to win the rounds. ‘A big, big shock, but tonight belongs to Dmitry Bivol.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 