Now this is an impressive DIY project. When lockdowns hit, Anthony Launer, 54, ended up stuck in Krabi, Thailand, with no way to get back to his home in Yorketown, South Australia. Rather than feeling down in the dumps, the grandad decided to just build himself a new place. After two years of work, his dream home is complete – and he did it all by himself, with only the help of YouTube videos for some guidance. Completing his home in December 2021, the photographers house now boasts an incredible outdoor bathhouse, tool shop and a 1950’s milk bar. Anthony said: ‘When COVID hit, we couldn’t get back to Australia as all flights were cancelled. ‘So, I decided to use the time and build my own house with my own hands, no outfit help, except YouTube. ‘In Australia, our whole house was retro vintage as we fell in love with “the vibe”, the history of advertising and how they could claim whatever they liked about their products. ‘We started to bring some of our collection to Thailand before the pandemic as it was our plan to eventually live here, so glad we did that. ‘After building my house I decided to dedicate one room that connects to the garage into the classic corner store, combining it with the 1950s diner theme and your favourite corner store you loved as a child. ‘It took a month to build everything and set it up. I only officially completed it last week. I was very happy with the results.’ As you’d expect, building your own home isn’t exactly a walk in the park. ‘Blood sweat and tears was definitely the case here,’ said the dad-of-three. ‘Working in the Thai heat is not easy. ‘I was overwhelmed many times, especially when I was landscaping and building at the same time. ‘There are a million challenges but rewarding achieving each challenge. I couldn’t look at the finish line, only the next task ahead. ‘Honestly, I find it hard to believe I did it. Many would not believe it. I sit here even now thinking “but how?” ‘It’s amazing what your mind and abilities can do if you just let them do it. ‘We hold ourselves back in life, too happy in our comfort zone. You really can do anything if you just apply your mind. I’m very proud.’ The retro milk bar is a real highlight, making use of the massive collection of vintage bits Anthony and his wife, Armornrat Amy Launer, have amassed over the years. Anthony wanted to bring a bit of 1950s Australia to Thailand – and we reckon he nailed it. He said: ‘As a child, I think one of our greatest memories was earning pocket money and going down to the local corner store to spend it. ‘Innocent, simple fun memories. I wanted to recreate that special time in life. It’s fun when others come to visit and they share their stories too, it’s satisfying seeing them smile as they reminisce. ‘It took only one month to build the booth, table, counter, and shelving and set it all up. ‘I had a vision of what it was to look like and just started. One of the most pleasant projects I have ever done. ‘I’m kind of sad that it’s finished, and I have no more room to display, as I still have a shipping container back in Australia with loads of beautiful vintage items. ‘It was the strangest feeling when I completed the room as I thought to myself “wow I made all this”, it was an extremely rewarding feeling.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : DIY couple transform their garden for just £200 MORE : Your step-by-step DIY guide to making curtains MORE : DIY couple transform old kitchen into retro seventies paradise