The wife of ex-England footballer Tom Huddlestone feared she might be ‘raped or killed’ by masked robbers who broke into her home, a court has heard. Joanna Dixon told police she indoors with the couple’s young son when two men in balaclavas burst into the property in Caythorpe, Nottinghamshire, on May 1, 2019. She described going through a ‘range of emotions’ as she realised the person entering her bedroom was not her husband and then being bound with cable ties, Nottingham Crown Court heard. Jurors were told that Hull City midfielder Huddlestone was 200 miles away playing for former club Derby County against Swansea as the thieves fled with £500,000 worth of items. Among them were a £121,000 engagement ring, two watches worth £40,000 and £18,000, and Huddlestone’s FA Cup runners up medal, it was said. Kurtis Dilks, 34, Ashley Cumberpatch, 36, and Andrew MacDonald, 42, are all accused of conspiring together to rob Ms Dixon. The trio are also alleged to have converted criminal property alongside jewellers Sercan Evsin and Tevfik Guccuk on May 2, 2019. Dilks, of Whitegate Vale, Clifton, Nottingham, is also charged with being part of a four-strong gang who smashed their way into the Surrey home of former England left-back Ashley Cole with a sledgehammer in January 2020. It is alleged an aggressive robber threatened to cut the former Chelsea, Arsenal and Derby County defender’s fingers off during the violent break-in. On Thursday, Ms Dixon said the robbers had told her they knew Huddlestone was away playing as they rifled through drawers and safes. In a statement read out in court, she said: ‘On May 1, I was at home with my son while Tom was away playing football for Derby County. ‘One of the bedroom doors opened and I thought it was Tom, but I wasn’t expecting him back until 2am. ‘I said “what are you doing?” It was then I realised I was faced with someone who wasn’t Tom. ‘I went through a range of emotions – predominantly scared, but also concerned for my son. ‘I always suspected as (Tom’s) job is high-profile, that we would become a target for people to come into our home and steal from us.’ Addressing what the masked men did next, Ms Dixon said: ‘They both had their fingers to their mouths, telling me to not say anything and not to touch the panic buttons. ‘They said “don’t make this difficult, we don’t want to manhandle you”. ‘I was under the sheets and just wearing underwear, I was very vulnerable at the time. I thought they might kill or rape me – I was utterly powerless. ‘Male one seemed quite edgy and the more aggressive of the two. ‘He kept asking for jewellery and watches. He was very angry and pulled out all the drawers and clothes.’ Ms Dixon continued: ‘I said Tom should be home soon, and male one said, “don’t lie to me, that will make me angry”. ‘I again said he should be home soon, and he replied, “well if he does come home, he will be in trouble too, and I know he has an away game”.’ Ms Dixon said the men then ordered her to place her son in his cot and hold her arms out, and after she refused three times, one said: ‘He won’t be safe unless he is in the cot.’ She said after a cable tie was placed around her left wrist, Ms Dixon then asked for the one on her right wrist not to be tied so tightly, but the robber secured it ‘even tighter’. Jurors were then read a list of the items stolen in the break-in, including a small wedding band worth £2,000 to £3,000, a wedding eternity ring with a platinum band worth £3,000, a diamond bracelet worth £6,000 and a Rolex watch worth £8,000. Other items included a second engagement ring worth £17,000 to £18,000 and eternity rings worth £1,500 each. Dilks faces three charges of conspiracy to commit burglary, four charges of converting criminal property, three charges of conspiracy to commit robbery and two counts of robbery. Cumberpatch, MacDonald, Guccuk and Evsin, alongside five other men and a woman, are also on trial for their alleged part in the series of ‘ruthlessly executed’ burglaries – including the theft of a £3.5 million tiara. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.