A mum of-two has urged people to get their spider bites checked out after a tiny nip landed her in hospital with a nasty infection. Hours after the suspected false widow bite, Delyth Hughes, 29, was feeling nauseous and dizzy as she began to lose sensation in her left leg. She started getting pins and needles, and the area she was bitten on started getting bruised and swollen. After the wound started filling with pus, her friends and family persuaded her to get it looked at. ‘I’m glad I did, or it might have ended with a different story for me if the poison had spread through my body,’ said Delyth, from Prestatyn, Denbighshire. She believes she was bitten as she sat alongside her dad in his tractor at the family farm in Caerwys, Flintshire. Delyth recalled a ‘sensation’ of something crawling on her leg but didn’t see the culprit, nor feel the sting of a bite. It was only that night she realised she had been bitten. Delyth said: ‘My leg was getting really painful. It was throbbing badly and I began feeling nauseous. I had a terrible headache and I was suffering from dizzy spells.’ She had a look at where she was bitten and found two tiny puncture wounds adjacent to each other. The area was already bruised and over the coming days the colour deepened as the puncture site continued to swell. On advice from friends, she began bathing her leg in an attempt to gain relief – but it didn’t work. The single mum said: ‘My leg was still numb with a kind of pins-and-needles feeling.’ Five days after the bite, she secured an appointment at Holywell Community Hospita. There she was prescribed antibiotic tablets and her wound was lanced and drained of pus. Delyth said: ‘The staff told me I was lucky I had come in when I did as the poison was still in my blood. ‘I was told to leave it for a couple of days and, if it didn’t improve, I would need to go on IV antibiotics.’ It is thought the pus may have resulted from secondary infection following the bite. As Delyth was to discover, she wasn’t the only victim. ‘The hospital staff told me they’d seen a few people recently with the same symptoms. They suspected they were all caused by spider bites – probably from a false widow,’ she said. False widow spiders are the UK’s most venomous spider. They can give a nasty bite but usually they are no worse than a wasp sting. However some people appear to suffer post-bite infections and recovery can take a while. According to experts, symptoms can include pain, swelling, nausea, tremors and altered blood pressure. For Delyth, it would be 12 weeks before the bruises had faded and the swelling went down. Despite being told her injury may have been caused by a false widow spider, she has no way of knowing for sure: while spider bites can leave distinctive fang marks, they are usually too small to be clearly visible to the human eye. Other bugs also bite, from ants to flies, and they can leave multiple marks that resemble fang wounds. All Delyth knows for certain is that it left her with a painful injury that could have ended worse than it did. Since it happened, in June 2020, she has fully recovered and 10 months ago gave birth to her second child. Delyth said: ‘My advice to anyone who is bitten is to go and get it checked out. Had it not been for my friends, I might have left it until it was too late.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.