A tiny, nervous one-eyed kitten has found a new home after being rescued with a ruptured right eye that left her in agony. Vets found petrified Candy Cane in a lot of pain, which led to them having to remove the eye to help her feel more comfortable. Blue Cross foster carer Wendy Penfold provided round the clock care at her home for Candy Cane as she recovered from the operation and to help build her confidence. ‘When Candy came to me, she had lost her trust in humans and was very nervous,’ says Wendy. ‘She would run and hide when I’d come into the room but by the end of her time with me, she became more inquisitive to know what I’m doing and staying in the same area as me. ‘After the first week of hardly moving from her hiding hole, she discovered the benefits of the tall cat climber in her run where was out of reach and could watch everything going on at a safe distance.’ Wendy regularly fosters pets at her home in Kent to help them on their way before finding permanent homes and she was also looking after another cat – Rita – while Candy Cane was staying with her. ‘I think Rita helped lure Candy forward in the pen as I would sit and stroke or play with Rita in the corridor so Candy could see I was a nice person with to be around cats,’ says Wendy. Thankfully, little Candy Cane has now found a permanent family to call her own. ‘A lovely young couple in Hampshire have adopted her that are happy to give her the space and time to see how far she can settle in a family home,’ says Wendy. ‘They understand she may never be a lap cat but want to love her and let her know this is a safe place for her.’ Sarah Miller, Animal Welfare Assistant at Blue Cross Hertfordshire says: ‘Wendy has done an amazing job for Candy Cane and even though steps might seem small, they have been huge for her. ‘We hope that, over time, she will build up a relationship and trust with her new owners.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why having routines is so important for your mental health MORE : Your daily horoscope for Monday, May 23, 2022 MORE : The best solo sex toys to upgrade your self-love sessions