Rolling Stones star Charlie Watts has left £30million of his fortune to his family, UK probate papers have shown. The drummer, who found fame with The Rolling Stones, died on August 24, 2021 at the age of 80 after having had an operation on his heart. Watts’s will left the majority of his fortune, which totalled £29.6million barring the value of his estate in France, to his loved ones. Most of the money left by the star will go to his widow Shirley, 83, with his beloved car collection to be handed out according to the wishes in his will. These instructions in the 14-page will were not made public unlike those for his money. Watts’s will had been drawn up in 2017 and executors were told to use the income from his fortune to support ‘beneficiaries’. The document instructs that when his wife dies, the inheritance will be passed down to his daughter Seraphina, 54, his sister Linda Rootes, sisters-in-law Jackie Fenwick and Jill Minder and brother-in-law Stephen Shepherd. Watts had married Shirley in 1964, before the Rolling Stones found global fame, and was seen as the shy, quiet and ‘sensible’ member of the band. He had battled throat cancer in 2004 after quitting smoking in the late 1980s, and was eventually given the all-clear following gruelling intensive radiotherapy. Shortly before his death, Watts had been forced to pull out of the Stones’s No Filter tour in America, after undergoing an operation on his heart. Announcing the news of his death, a spokesperson said at the time: ‘It is with immense sadness that we announce the death of our beloved Charlie Watts. ‘He passed away peacefully in a London hospital earlier today surrounded by his family. ‘Charlie was a cherished husband, father and grandfather and also as a member of The Rolling Stones one of the greatest drummers of his generation. ‘We kindly request that the privacy of his family, band members and close friends is respected at this difficult time.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rolling Stones unveil new tongue logo design as they announce 60th anniversary tour with BST festival date MORE : Rolling Stones fans spot major hint rockers will perform at BST Hyde Park for 60th anniversary 