Ainsley Harriott jumped into action and saved his sister from drowning while at the RHS Chelsea Flower Show. The beloved TV chef is said to have pulled his sibling, Jacqueline, to safety on the first day of the annual event, after she reportedly tripped and fell into a water feature. Following the scary ordeal, the 65-year-old has now shared an update on how Jacqueline is doing. Taking to Twitter, he also took the opportunity to thank others who had helped at the scene. ‘Just a big thank you to everyone who helped my sister when she had a fall at the Chelsea Flower Show this morning,’ he penned. ‘She’s doing fine and all is well xx.’ Fans flooded his post with praise for his quick-thinking actions, and urged Jacqueline to rest up. ‘Well done, you #NotAllHeroesWearCapes – some wear aprons,’ a follower replied. ‘Hope she is ok. Must have been quite a shock for both of you! Best wishes. X,’ another agreed. A Twitter user said: ‘Aww bless. There are some good people around. Healing thoughts for your sister. X.’ As one added: ‘Or Ainsley hope she feels better soon you better get round there quick and cook her something nice for tea. [sic].’ Jacqueline is thought to have tripped and fallen into the water feature, which was part of the BBC Studios’ Our Green Planet and RHS Bee Garden display. DIY SOS star Nick Knowles was among the attendees who were taking in the event, and reportedly watched on in horror. Ainsley was on hand to pull her to safety, along with several others, and she was seen by paramedics – before being rushed to hospital. RHS volunteer Matt Peskett saw the ordeal unfold and confirmed that organisers will place barriers around the feature to ensure similar incidents don’t occur. A statement from the RHS Chelsea Flower Show bosses told Metro.co.uk in a statement that they would be investigating the incident. ‘We are investigating an incident that occurred on a garden at RHS Chelsea Flower Show today,’ it read. ‘The guest was quickly attended to by on site medical professionals and we are pleased to say is now home and well.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : ‘I couldn’t catch my breath’: Brooklyn Beckham on seeing stunning bride Nicola Peltz for first time as newlyweds open up on their wedding in Vogue MORE : Ellen DeGeneres just fulfilled Jennifer Lawrence’s childhood fantasy by interviewing her on the toilet 