A two-year operation to remove a single rat from a Scottish island has been completed. Lamb Island, owned by psychic Uri Geller, lies off the East Lothian coast near North Berwick. Geller, whose impressive spoon-bending tricks first brought him fame, bought the rocky outcrop due to its ‘mysterious and enigmatic’ qualities. He says the geography of the uninhabitable island ‘exactly mirrors the layout of the Great Pyramids at Giza.’ The 75-year-old even believes there is treasure hidden somewhere on the island. But it was the discovery of a far smaller find that recently hit headlines. An ‘elusive rat’ was discovered in 2020 – and threatened to disrupt the island’s wildlife. Lamb Island is home to an array of seabirds – the fastest declining group of birds globally – such as puffins, cormorants and kittiwakes. Rodents can be huge threats for the birds and their eggs. Seabirds can’t defend themselves from rats, which can have a ‘catastrophic impact’ on breeding colonies. A huge team effort between volunteers from the Lothian Sea Kayak Club and the Scottish Seabird Centre was therefore launched to track down the rampant rat. They made 35 trips out to the island – battling freezing Scottish winters to track down the animal. Speaking to Metro.co.uk, Geller praised the group’s work, and their success in the needle in a haystack-style challenge. He said: ‘It is quite extraordinary to find the rat. It is not a tiny island, but the ultra-red camera managed to pick it up. ‘It wasn’t easy to catch it. ‘I take off my hat to the people, there was a designated team of volunteers from the Lothian Sea Kayak Club so I give them a big hug and good energy. ‘And let’s not forget it was supported by the Scottish Seabird Centre.’ It is thought the rat was either brought to Lamb Island by boat, or that it swam from the shore to the rocky outcrop. Sarah Lawrence, of the Biosecurity for LIFE project, also praised the work of the volunteers. She told the BBC: ‘The volunteers have spent two winters navigating harsh weather, Covid restrictions, and the frustrations of seeking a very elusive rat – and thanks to their hard work we are confident that the Lamb’s puffins and other seabirds will return to nest on a rat-free island this year.’ Emily Burton, conservation officer at the Scottish Seabird Centre, added: ‘It is a huge relief to know that the Lamb is free of invasive predators.’ Geller first heard of the island’s existence in 2008, when Brazilian-born entrepreneur Camilo Agasim Pereira announced plans to sell it. The psychic knocked the asking price down from £75,000 to £30,000. He previously explained he was enticed by the ‘links not only to the pyramids, but to King Arthur, King Robert the Bruce and to the ancient Kings of Ireland too.’ Geller told Metro.co.uk: ‘Lamb Island is a volcanic outcrop in the Firth of Forth, north of Edinburgh, which actually mirrors the pyramids of Giza. ‘It’s a mysterious and enigmatic island. ‘I’ve always been fascinated by the lore and the connection between the pyramids and the islands.’ Posting on Facebook this week, Geller explained the significance of rats and their place in Egypt. He wrote: ‘It is unclear as to whether or not rats held any significance in Ancient Egypt. There are pictures which show anthropomorphic rats, but there appears to be no rat deity. ‘It is believed that rats were pests in Egypt, destroying crops and belongings, which is probably why the cat is held in high favour.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.