Who doesn’t love a celebrity brand launch? There’s been so many must-haves from our favourites over the years from Rhianna’s Savage X Fenty (the best bras in the world) to Kylie Cosmetics (by Kylie Jenner, of course). But this week it’s Lizzo time, with her fabulous inclusive shapewear line. Victoria Beckham is also making the country’s eyes pop with her new brightening waterline pencil, and Reese Witherspoon is getting comfy on a sun lounger in her inclusive swimwear collaboration. Oh, and Selena Gomez has some very bright pots and pans on offer (with a charitable twist). Yitty is the new size-inclusive shapewear launch from Grammy award-winner Lizzo. Three years in the making, the three ranges are available in sizes ranging from 8 to 32. Buy products starting at £17 from Fabletics. Draper James Lands’ End and Reese Witherspoon’s brand, Draper James, have paired up for summer with a size-inclusive limited-edition swim, apparel and accessories collection with a trademark Reese (right) style – think gingham and citrus. Buy products starting at £40 from Lands’ End. Selena Gomez has chosen two limited-edition colours (azul and rosa) for a pairing with Our Place. Available on the brand’s hero product Always Pan, as well as its Perfect Pot and dinnerware, ten per cent of proceeds go to the Rare Impact Fund, expanding mental health services. Victoria Beckham’s latest launch, the Instant Brightening Waterline Pencil Inner Eye Liner, is praised for its immediate ‘wake-up’ effect. It ‘opens up’ the eyes and, as VB says, helps fake the look of a full eight hours. Buy it for £22 from Victoria Beckham Beauty. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Fermented skincare is the latest weird beauty trend – here’s why it works and what to try MORE : Lizzo stuns in feather-adorned frock as she steps out with boyfriend to celebrate her 34th birthday MORE : Selena Gomez blasts bodyshamers commenting on her weight: ‘B**** I am perfect the way I am’