Christian Bale’s frightful transformation into the villainous Gorr the God Butcher has been unveiled in the new trailer for Thor: Love and Thunder. Chris Hemsworth reprises his role as the titular character in the Marvel blockbuster, which is set to arrive in cinemas on July 8. However, he shares the spotlight with two other exciting characters in the second trailer which debuted on Monday night in the US during the Miami Heat and Boston Celtics NBA game. The trailer opens with narration from ex-Kronan warrior Korg (Taika Waititi), telling a group of alien children about ‘the story of the space viking, Thor Odinson’. Cut to Thor, who is seen working out after his weight gain in Avengers: Endgame, before he reunites with his ex-girlfriend Jane Foster (Natalie Portman) aka Mighty Thor. The God of Thunder sets out on a new journey for inner peace, and is surprised to find that Jane is joining him on the mission. Fans are no doubt buzzing to see Portman back with the Thor family having starred in the first two movies in 2011 and 2013. The new trailer shows the actress in full superhero costume as the pair reconnect and do battle together. ‘What’s it been, like, three years?’ Jane asks, to which Thor replies: ‘Eight years, seven months and six days, give or take,’ clearly not counting the days at all. Thor and Jane must embark on a harrowing cosmic adventure to uncover the mystery of the God Butcher’s vengeance and stop him before it is too late. To combat the threat, they will enlist the help of returning characters King Valkyrie (Tessa Thompson), Korg (Waititi) and fellow Marvel heroes The Guardians of the Galaxy. Bale’s transformation into the galactic killer known as Gorr the God Butcher, is pretty terrifying with him appearing bald and white, with body tattoos and orange eyes. ‘The only ones who Gods care about is themselves,’ Gorr declares, adding: ‘So this is my vow: all Gods must die.’ Following Thor’s impressive physical transition back ‘from dad bod, to God bod’, the trailer ends comically with his clothes ripped off by Zeus, played by Russell Crowe. Sharing his excitement for the trailer drop, Hemsworth tweeted last night: ‘“Very excited to drop this trailer! Here’s a two minute sneak peak into a crazy wild fun adventure that has allllll the love and thunder. ‘On July 8th we’ll be giving you a full two hours of this beautiful madness. Until then enjoy the ride that is the Official Thor Love and Thunder trailer. Boom!!!!’ Marvel’s Thor: Love and Thunder is due in cinemas on July 8. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kourtney Kardashian changes name hours after marrying Travis Barker in stunning Italian wedding MORE : Tom Cruise’s action icon Ethan Hunt forced to ‘pick a side’ as new trailer for Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning drops 