Dan Walker’s seat might still be warm over at BBC Breakfast, but he’s already checking out his new digs after announcing his move to Channel 5. Last week, the TV presenter bid farewell to the early morning news programme over at BBC, which he first joined in 2016. It was an emotional last day for the 45-year-old, who was reunited with his former co-star Louise Minchin live in the studio before making a graceful exit with a huge inflatable lobster. Dan is set to be joining 5 News in his latest venture, taking Sian Williams’ place after she announced in March that she was stepping down. In a new post shared on Twitter, Dan revealed that he had headed over to the Channel 5 studio to take a look around his new workplace… and he seems to be liking what he’s seeing. The former Strictly Come Dancing star posted a black-and-white selfie of himself looking very dapper in a suit and tie, smiling at the camera as he looks forward to beginning his new role. ‘I had a little look around my new TV home today. They all seem lovely at @5_News,’ he wrote. Several people wished him luck on his new chapter, with one person commenting on Instagram: ‘Best of luck in your new job. Good to hear you liked your new work colleagues.’ ‘Start of a new chapter, good luck and best wishes,’ another said. On Dan’s final BBC Breakfast show, he delivered a heartfelt speech at the end, paying homage to all the people who work on the programme, both behind and in front of the camera. ‘There aren’t many jobs where you have a chance to give other people a voice. That’s what we all love doing more than anything else,’ he said. ‘Thank you for tuning in. Thank you for all the lovely messages over the years. We never ever take any of that for granted.’ He praised the show’s crew, saying they were ‘some of the best people I’ve ever worked with in my career’. Dan also took a moment to shower Sally Nugent with praise, who joined him on the BBC Breakfast red sofa from October 2021. ‘There is nobody better who could have done it. We’ve had a wonderful time together. We could have had many more years. Things change, and change can be tough sometimes,’ he said. ‘You can take this show and make it amazing like you’ve already done.’ BBC Breakfast airs every day from 6am on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. 5 News airs every day from 5pm on Channel 5. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dan Walker hints at BBC Breakfast replacement after exit: ‘The future right there’ MORE : Piers Morgan takes savage swipe at Dan Walker as he bids farewell to BBC Breakfast: ‘End of an error’ 