A man caught speeding in a £37,000 car said he would be ‘too poor’ to afford taxis if he lost his licence. Dean Crawford, 42, was met with laughter in court when he described the impact being banned from the roads would have. The company director was caught speeding 119mph while taking his M135i XDrive Auto for one of its first outings last November. A camera had picked him up more than 50mph over the speed limit on the M58 near Skelmersdale in Lancashire. The 42-year-old made a plea of ‘exceptional hardship’ to keep his luxury wheels. The company boss said he was on benefits, and claimed he would not be able to afford taxis to the gym or to visit his family. Prosecutor Matt Routly suggested selling his £37,000 car could be a simple solution. Mr Routly said: ‘You still have that BMW. You could sell that and that would raise quite a lot of funds? ‘It could pay for quite a lot of taxis and buy you a bicycle. ‘That’s very often the price people have to pay when they speed all the time.’ Crawford is director of three companies including a waste disposal business and a window shutter repair firm, the court was told. The 42-year-old, who lives in Blackburn, already had nine points on his licence – two for speeding offences and the other for contravening a traffic signal. Following a stabbing in 2014, Crawford told the hearing he was temporarily paralysed for a year and that he required physiotherapy at his local gym. He goes to the gym daily for both his mental and physical health, he said. When asked why he could not simply sell his car he replied: ‘A driving ban would run out after six months and then I would not have a car.’ His gym is located ‘in the middle of nowhere on an industrial estate’ he added. A combination of trains and taxis would be needed both to get to the gym and to visit his nine-year-old daughter, Crawford claimed. But magistrates nevertheless refused the application, and banned Crawford from driving for six months, fined him £120 and made him pay £136 in costs and victim surcharge. ‘We have considered everything very carefully,’ chair of the bench Christina Hills, said. ‘We do not think there’s sufficient grounds on this occasion to grant a non-application of the disqualification rules on the exceptional hardship basis.’ Crawford is now planning to appeal against the ban to a crown court judge. The period of disqualification was suspended pending the forthcoming hearing. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.