A converted Grade II-listed engine house built in 1882 has gone on sale for offers over £850,000. Located just off the coast of Marazion in Cornwall, it has stunning views of the surrounding countryside. Now largely refurbished, the property has three bedrooms and a separate two-bedroom annexe. Although there are still some improvements to be made, the home would suit a family who wish for modern living with a historical feel. Stepping into the engine house from the slate flagged terrace, the entrance has turning stairs ascending to the first floor. Once there, enjoy incredible views of the gardens through double-glazed recessed windows. The second floor has a white bathroom suite with tiled walls, a wall-mounted hand basin and double-glazed windows overlooking the grounds also. There is also a kitchen, a dining room with units topped with white crystal quartz, a Bosch ceramic induction hob and wooden panelled walls. On the third floor is the sitting room, with stunning views, a high vaulted ceiling, panelled doors opening onto a balcony and wood flooring. From the sitting room, a flight of stairs ascend to the mezzanine on the sixth floor which has exposed trusses and part-exposed white painted stone walls. Currently, this is being used as an office but the new owners can change it as they wish. Outside is 1.3 acres of landscaped garden and a separate annexe, reached from the garden via concrete steps with black painted metal handrails. These steps take you up to some wooded decking. Inside, guests are welcomed with white painted stone and brick walls, a sitting room, two bedrooms and a shower room. Down the spiral staircase is the lower ground floor, with double glazed windows, panelled walling and a coved ceiling. Here there is a kitchen and dining room. This room overlooks the grounds and has natural wood worktop surfaces and a wall-mounted unit. The home is situated in the rural village of Plain-an-Gwarry, a prime location of Cornwall. It is set just inland from the popular coastal resort of Marazion. There are some notable and superb beaches along this stretch of coast, including Perran Sands, Long Rock, Keneggy Sands, Praa Sands and other little coves that can be accessed on foot from the South West Coast Path. The property is currently on the market for offers over £850,000 with Lillicrap Chilcott. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Two-bed property in France up for sale at £40,000 – and it would make a great holiday home MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value MORE : House on sale for £595,000 comes with a cat who doesn’t want to leave