Stranger Things creators the Duffer Brothers have revealed season four will feature two feature length episodes. In exciting news for fans of the hit Netflix sci-fi show – which returns on May 27 for its next run – we now know just how long some of these eps will run for. Matt Duffer teased: ‘[Episodes] seven and nine in particular are movies. And nine is a long movie.’ His brother Ross added that the latter ‘is over two hours’, as he promised The Wrap: ‘It’s a big one.’ The siblings explained they were initially going with eight episodes for the upcoming run, but they had too much to fit in. Matt told Collider: ‘I think we were at least halfway, but I think probably over halfway through this season, were trying to squeeze the story in, and we sat down with our writers, and we said, “I don’t think this is feasible in eight episodes”. ‘So we went to Netflix and said, “Hey, are you okay if we do one more episode?”, and luckily they were very supportive of that, but that’s how we ended up with that extra episode. ‘But it was not originally planned that way. It wasn’t outlined that way. It was always going to be eight. And then it just ended up being too much story.’ The fallout to the battle at the Starcourt Mall will play heavily into the fourth season, and the Duffers realised they needed to start preparing for the final run of episodes. ‘A lot of it had to do with the fact that we had characters spread out in three locations and we had a lot more plot,’ Matt told The Wrap. ‘It must be quadruple the plot we had in season three. That was our fun blockbuster season. This season we knew that season five was going to be our last, we had to start revealing a lot.’ He added: ‘The more we were writing, the more we realised we need more time in order for these reveals to land, in order for these storylines to work.’ The thrilling sci-fi series will follow a new ‘war’ for Eleven (Millie Bobby Brown) and the rest of the Hawkins gang, and, nearly three years since the last season, this time around it looks to be just as scary as we’d expect, with a new gruesome villain known as Vecna. Meanwhile, Sadie Sink – who plays Max Mayfield – recently promised: ‘It’s the most bizarre season we’ve ever had.’ She teased: ‘Just the scale of it is out of this world.’ Stranger Things season 4 part 1 will be available to stream on Netflix from Friday, May 27. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Stranger Things season 4: Max’s life ‘almost drained out of her’ amid huge spoiler dropped by showrunner MORE : Stranger Things: Millie Bobby Brown  ‘raided’ co-star Noah Schnapp in savage water balloon prank 