Three people have been arrested on suspicion of involvement in female genital mutilation (FGM) at an unregistered school in Birmingham. Police officers searched the premises after being prompted by Ofsted inspectors who had reportedly found a locked room containing a bed and medical equipment. They were seen carrying bags of evidence, including computers, out of the school on Tuesday. West Midlands Police confirmed two men, aged 32 and 61, had been detained and remained in custody. A third person was later arrested. ‘We were called at 11.39am on Tuesday, May 10 by Ofsted inspectors who were investigating reports of an unregistered school,’ a West Midlands Police spokesperson said. ‘There were concerns raised about possible illegal practices which may have taken place at the premises. ‘As part of our enquiries two men, aged 32 and 61, have been arrested on suspicion of being involved in female genital mutilation and remain in custody for questioning. ‘We understand the concern this will cause within the community but it’s important to stress we’re still working to establish whether any offences have occurred. Our investigation along with partner agencies is continuing.’ The arrests have raised concerns FGM is being carried out further afield, as one of the detained men is alleged to be from east London. A source told The Sun: ‘FGM is a very rare crime. There’s a real fear this could get much bigger. ‘The idea of it happening at an unregistered school is horrific.’ FGM is illegal in the UK, and it is also illegal to take girls who are British nationals or residents abroad for it – regardless of whether it is lawful in that country or not. It is estimated around 137,00 women have undergone FGM in the UK, with some 60,000 girls under 15 at risk, according to women’s safety organisation Forward. An unregistered school is a setting operating as an independent school but has not been registered with the Department for Education, the regulatory body for independent schools. Those found to be guilty of not running a school legally can be found guilty of an offence under section 96 of the Education and Skills Act 2008 and, if convicted, could be fined an unlimited amount and/or imprisoned for up to six months. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.