There’s been much speculation over how much of Selling Sunset is fake and how much is real, but cast member Maya Vander has cleared things up for us once and for all. The Netflix show’s authenticity first came into question when Christine Quinn claimed it was packed with ‘fake storylines’, while more recently, it was revealed that Heather Rae El Moussa had actually eaten an Oreo despite previously saying in the series that she hadn’t. Last month, Christine suggested that all wasn’t as it seemed in season five of the reality prorgramme, penning: ’30 minutes till the launch of #SellingSunset. ’Enjoy the new season and all of it’s 5,000 fake storylines!’ So, what’s the truth? Well, according to Maya the producers don’t get involved with manufacturing storylines. ‘We film for five or six months and things really happen as we go,’ she exclusively revealed to Metro.co.uk. ‘We don’t get a script; they don’t tell us what to say and how to say it.’ Maya also referenced Chrishell Stause and Jason Oppenheim’s rollercoaster romance, which was well documented in season four. ‘People thought that Chrishell and Jason was a PR stunt, which it wasn’t,’ Maya continued. ‘Unfortunately, you see them break up in the show.’ Turning her attention to Christine, she added: ‘There is always the tension and drama with Christine and the rest of the cast, so things happen and I think that’s what makes the show super successful because things happen and it’s not always perfect.’ So, that’s that on that then. Elsewhere in our chat with Maya, the real estate agent threw into question her future on the Netflix series. ‘Am I active as a Californian real estate agent? No,’ she said. ‘I just do less real estate there because my business is now in Miami. ‘I don’t know what will happen. It is hard for me to fly back and forth to film the show, especially with little children. It’s been very difficult for me in the past, but I did it and I got it done. ‘I don’t know how much gas I have in me to do it as much as I used to, so we will see. ‘Filming the show is a full-time job, it’s outfits, make-up, then for me, the travelling and finding a place to stay in LA. It’s just another level of stress. I don’t know.’ Fingers crossed we’ll have more Maya in season five, but we’re not holding our breaths. Selling Sunset is available to stream on Netflix. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 