Phillip Schofield revealed Tom Cruise’s presence during Sunday’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration resulted in ‘serious crowd control.’ The Top Gun actor, 59, made quite the entrance, wandering through Windsor yesterday night, after adoring fans rushed to get a glimpse of the Hollywood legend. During Monday’s This Morning, Phillip – who was one of the presenters hosting last night’s event – shared how crazy things got behind the scenes ‘Well he’s a class act, that’s for sure,’ he told co-star Holly Willoughby. ‘He caused absolute chaos in Windsor because he decided to walk to the studio. ‘So the police then obviously had to do serious crowd control at the drop of a hat, but he met everybody.’ ‘The most delightful man. When he did our interview he then went downstairs and met everybody, went into rooms to meet people and made proper eye contact.’ Phillip added. Before appearing in front of Her Majesty, the Mission: Impossible star spoke to Phillip and Julie Etchingham from their studio, telling them that the Queen ‘is a woman I greatly admire.’ ‘What she has accomplished is historic. She has met presidents, world leaders, people from all walks of life,’ he said. ‘Not just Americans, but the world knows the dignity, devotion and kindness, that is what I have always felt about her. Someone that understands her position and has held it through a history that’s just been extraordinary the past 70 years.” The live broadcast also showed moments from history like Elizabeth I’s Tilbury Speech and James I and the Gunpowder Plot and celebrated the Commonwealth, as well as the four nations of the UK.’ Adjoa Andoh, Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, Ant and Dec, Dame Joan Collins, Sir Mo Farah, Dame Maureen Lipman, Sir David Jason, Alan Titchmarsh, Dame Kelly Holmes, Moira Stuart and Sir Trevor McDonald were among the celebrities that joined in with the celebrations. There were also performances from The Greatest Showman’s Keala Settle, Gregory Porter and Katherine Jenkins. Queen Elizabeth, who is already the longest-reigning British monarch in history, marked 70 years on the throne in February but the celebrations for the event will take place in June. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Cruise mobbed as he rocks up to Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration after walking through Windsor MORE : Tom Cruise mobbed as he rocks up to Queen’s Platinum Jubilee Celebration after walking through Windsor 