Inflation has shot up to its highest level in 40 years as soaring energy bills put millions of households under pressure. The rate rose to 9% in the year to April, up from an already high 7% in March, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said. It was the fastest measured rate since records began in 1989, and the ONS estimates it was the highest since 1982. But experts have warned that the poorest households are bearing the brunt of rising prices, with analysis by economic think tanks estimating they face a rate closer to 11%. Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) analysis indicated the bottom 10% of the population in terms of income faced an inflation rate of 10.9%, while for the richest 10% it was 7.9%, a full three percentage points lower. The Resolution Foundation (RF), which focuses on living standards, estimated that the poorest households faced a rate of 10.2%. The difference is largely due to soaring energy bills, with the price cap increasing by £693 for the typical family in April. For the poorest households, energy costs make up a greater proportion of expenditure than for wealthier counterparts. The IFS said the poorest households spend 11% of their total household budget on gas and electricity, compared to 4% for the richest households. The rising cost of food is also a factor, with prices rising by 6.7%, their highest rate since 2011. Already ahead of the figures being released, surveys showed that people were switching to cheaper alternatives, and trying to control how much energy they use to run their homes. Much of the jump is down to the high cost of energy on international markets, especially gas, although oil prices have also shot up. This has also pushed up the price of many other items, including food, which are made or transported using gas and oil-based products. The war in Ukraine has also hit global food supplies. Just getting around, including to work, has become more expensive for households too. Prices for both petrol and diesel are at record highs, although recently soaring prices for second-hand cars eased off slightly in April. Meanwhile, restaurant prices are also increasing, rising 1.8% in just a month. Chancellor Rishi Sunak said that inflation is hitting countries around the world, and pointed to energy prices as a main culprit. ‘We cannot protect people completely from these global challenges but are providing significant support where we can, and stand ready to take further action,’ he said. But the figures prompted further calls from the opposition for Mr Sunak to do more for ordinary people. Shadow chancellor Rachel Reeves said that the news was ‘a huge worry for families already stretched’. ‘We can’t wait any longer for action from this out-of-touch Government,’ she said. ‘Today, Labour force a vote for an Emergency Budget and for a plan for growth.’ The British Chambers of Commerce (BCC) warned that “unprecedented” inflation could spark a recession later in the year. ‘The marked acceleration in the headline rate in April reflected the continued upward pressure on prices from surging energy and commodity costs, as well as the energy price cap rise and the reversal of the VAT reduction for hospitality in the month,’ said BCC head of economics Suren Thiru. ‘The scale at which inflation is damaging key drivers of UK output, including consumer spending and business investment, is unprecedented and means there is a real chance the UK will be in recession by the third quarter of the year.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.