Kate Moss went to let her hair down at the opening night of Abba’s Voyage live show on Thursday evening after denying Johnny Depp pushed her down the stairs. The supermodel, who testified via video link at the Pirates of the Caribbean star’s libel trial against Amber Heard on Wednesday, was photographed arriving at the purpose-built stadium at the Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park in east London. The 48-year-old oozed glam in black flared trousers, a sequined top, and a fur coat. Kate completed her outfit with a pair of gold peep-toe heels and round silver earrings. Kate was among a number of celebrities in attendance at Abba’s first Voyage gig, with the king and queen of Sweden, Carl XVI Gustaf and Silvia, Kylie Minogue, Keira Knightley, and London Mayor Sadiq Khan also on the guest list. On top of that, Abba’s Benny Andersson, Anni-Frid Lyngstad, Agnetha Fältskog, and Björn Ulvaeus reunited in the capital for the first time in 40 years. Kate’s appearance at the highly anticipated concert comes after she clarified rumours that her ex-boyfriend Depp had never pushed her down the stairs during a holiday to Jamaica. ‘We were leaving the room and Johnny left the room before I did, and there had been a rainstorm,’ she told the court from Gloucestershire as she answered questions about their four-year relationship. ‘As I left the room, I slid down the stairs and I hurt my back. I screamed because I didn’t know what had happened to me and I was in pain. ‘He came running back to help me, and carried me to my room, and got me medical attention.’ Depp’s lawyer Ben Chew asked again whether Depp had ever ‘pushed her down the stairs’ throughout the course of their relationship. Kate replied: ‘No, he never pushed me, kicked me or pushed me down any stairs.’ British supermodel Kate was in a relationship with Depp from 1994 to 1998. The fashion icon has never alleged that she was abused by her ex during their lengthy romance, but has said that she cried for ‘years’ after their split. ‘There’s nobody that’s ever really been able to take care of me,’ she told Vanity Fair in a 2012 interview. ‘Johnny did for a bit. I believed what he said. Like if I said, “What do I do?”, he’d tell me. And that’s what I missed when I left. I really lost that gauge of somebody I could trust.’ Depp is currently suing ex-wife Heard and seeking $50million (£39million) in damages over a 2018 op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post, in which she discussed her experiences of domestic abuse. While he was not named in the article, his team has argued that it implies he was sexually and physically abusive during their romance – something he has denied. Heard is countersuing for $100million (£79million), claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 