A dad left his partner of 10 years after falling in love with the Ukrainian refugee they had taken in. Tony Garnett, 29, applied to be part of the Government’s refugee scheme but grew impatient at how long it was taking and joined Facebook groups where Ukrainians were looking for sponsors. This is where 22-year-old Sofiia Karkadym found him – she was fleeing her home in Lviv after Russia invaded. After figuring out the logistics, Sofiia arrived in the UK on May 4 and went to live with Tony, his partner Lorna and their three and six-year-old daughters in Bradford, West Yorkshire. Tony told The Sun how the pair ‘just clicked’ and got on really well straight away – partly because Tony could speak Slovakian which is similar to Ukrainian. The two them started chatting in a language Lorna did not understand, staying up to watch TV after she had gone to bed and went to gym with each other regularly. They both said that although they were ‘getting on brilliantly’ at this time, ‘it was no more than that’ and ‘innocent’. They ended up ‘finding excuses to touch and brush against each other’ and things got tense in the house. Tony said he would come home to a meal cooked by Sofiia who told her how ‘lucky Lorna was to have him’. Lorna was angry about the situation and eventually asked Sofiia to leave the family’s home. But she was shocked when Tony told her: ‘If she’s going, I’m going’. Within 10 days of Sofiia arriving, the new couple had left the house and moved in with Tony’s parents. They have started looked for a property together and have begun the process for a permanent visa for Sofiia. Tony said: ‘I am so sorry for what Lorna is going through, this was not her fault and it was not about anything she did wrong.’ Sofiia said: ‘As soon as I saw him I fancied him. It’s been very quick but this is our love story. I know people will think badly of me but it happens. I could see how unhappy Tony was.’ One of Lorna’s friends said the now single mum was ‘devastated’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.