Kim Kardashian was spotted busting a move as she celebrated Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker finally, officially, tying the knot. The pair were married in a romantic ceremony in Italy after first having a ‘practice’ wedding in Las Vegas in March and making their union official in a Santa Barbara courthouse earlier in April. This weekend saw the entire extended Kardashian-Jenner crew descend on Portofino to watch reality star Kourtney, 43, and Blink 182 rocker Travis, 46, say their vows and seal the deal with a kiss. In true Kardashian style, the ceremony was a lavish one, with both bride and groom wearing Dolce and Gabbana, and Kourtney in a short white dress with a massively long trail bearing the image of the Virgin Mary, similar to a tattoo on Travis’ head. The celebrity family spent the night eating, drinking, dancing and, of course,  looking incredible, with Kim in particular almost upstaging the bride in a sparkling gothic affair. Kim, her dark hair dyed silver-blonde, wore a body-hugging black all-in-one catsuit that covered everything from her hands to her feet, paired with a bejewelled silver corset that absolutely dazzled. The star looked unbelievably glamorous as she strutted her stuff into the medieval castle where the reception was being held, with the use of the venue a gift from Dolce and Gabbana themselves. But while it may have seemed like Kim was ready for a night on the catwalk, she quickly let her hair down once inside the reception, later uploading a video of herself hitting the dancefloor. In the short clip, Kim waves her arms over her head and grins, while her eldest daughter North can be seen watching on from behind. She matched mum Kim in an all-black-and-silver outfit, including a crucifix around her neck, edgy platform boots and bejewelled collar. North, eight, is among several children who made the trip from the US to Italy for the big day, including Kourtney’s own kids. Mason, 12, Penelope, nine, and seven-year-old Reign – who she shares with former partner Scott Disick – were in attendance for the ceremony. Scott was not in attendance and remained in LA as the mother of his children was married for the first time. On Travis’ side were his son Landon, 18, daughter Alabama, 16, and stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya, 23. Plenty of Travis’ friends, including musician Machine Gun Kelly and his Blink-182 bandmate Mark Hoppus, were also in attendance. Kourtney and Travis were seen swaying to music, smiling at and kissing each other in a clip taken at the reception, with Kourtney wearing a super sweet jacket emblazoned with the words Mrs Barker. The pair had become engaged late last year after Travis popped the question with a massively romantic surprise on a Malibu beach. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker get steamy at wedding reception as newlyweds kiss and remove garter after Italian nuptials MORE : Kim Kardashian shares subtle nod to boyfriend Pete Davidson as she attends sister Kourtney’s wedding without him 