A racist teenager who shot dead 10 people at a US supermarket called London’s Mayor Sadiq Khan a ‘Muslim invader’ in a hate-filled manifesto. Payton Gendron, 18, surrendered to police after live-streaming his rampage at the Tops Friendly store in Buffalo, New York on Saturday, authorities say. Eyewitnesses say they saw the N-word scrawled on the side of his rifle, which was used to gun people down in a predominantly black neighbourhood. Out of the 13 people who were shot that day, 11 were black, and authorities have called his massacre an act of ‘violent extremism’ motivated by racial hatred. Among the victims was an 86-year-old grandmother out for her weekend grocery shopping and a retired police officer working as security guard. Gendron is thought to have published an 180-page manifesto in which he called to white people to rise up and kill African Americans and Jews. On page 165 under the heading ‘Kill high profile enemies’, he singled out London’s Mayor, the son of a Pakistani immigrant, as one of three men he wanted dead. He wrote: ‘Sadiq Khan, The current mayor of London at the time of writing, an open sign of the disenfranchisement and ethnic replacement of the British people in the British isles. ‘This Pakistani Muslim invader now sits as representative for the people of London. Londinium, the very heart of the British isles. ‘What better sign of the white rebirth than the removal of this invader?’ Also on this kill-list of Gendron’s was Turkish President Recep Erdoğan  and billionaire philanthropist George Soros, the Mirror reports. In a tweet today, Mr Khan wrote: ‘The thoughts and prayers of London are with the people of Buffalo and all the families who have lost loved ones in this dreadful attack. Our diversity is our strength. Hate will never win.’ Just last week Mr Khan had been in the US to promote London’s tourism industry, visiting New York and Los Angeles. He visited a cannabis dispensary and farm on the West Coast as he launched a new group assessing the effectiveness of drug laws in the UK. The Mayor also visited Stanford University, where he spoke about ‘how vital it is that social media companies do more to protect the people who use their platforms’. The manifesto also mentions the Rotherham child sex abuse scandal, using the case to justify white supremacy and calling perpetrators ‘non-white scum’. It suggests Gendron’s attack was inspired by the 2019 mosque shooting in Christchurch, New Zealand, and another racially motivated attack that same year at a Walmart in El Paso, Texas. After his arrest, the teenager appeared before a judge in a paper medical gown and was arraigned on murder charges. Letitia James, the attorney general of New York, said the attack was committed by a ‘sick, demented individual who was fuelled by a daily diet of hate’ and is now on suicide watch. At the scene of the attack, New York governor Kathy Hochul said: ‘It is my sincere hope that this individual, this white supremacist who just perpetrated a hate crime on an innocent community, will spend the rest of his days behind bars. And heaven help him in the next world as well.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.   