Prince William and Kate Middleton have sent a personal tweet to Deborah James following the devastating news about her terminal cancer. Deborah, 40, is now receiving hospice care at home after stopping her bowel cancer treatment, and could have ‘weeks at most to live’. The You, Me & The Big C presenter was diagnosed with the disease in 2016 and went on to use her ordeal to inspire others to get check-ups and recognise symptoms of bowel cancer. James has been treated at the Royal Marsden hospital, of which William is patron, and it is one of the beneficiaries of her fund. In a tweet on Wednesday, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge said: ‘Every now and then, someone captures the heart of the nation with their zest for life & tenacious desire to give back to society. ‘@bowelbabe is one of those special people. Her tireless efforts to raise awareness of bowel cancer & end the stigma of treatment are inspiring. ‘We are so sad to hear her recent update but pleased to support the @bowelbabef, which will benefit the @royalmarsdenNHS among others.’ They concluded: ‘Deborah, our thoughts are with you, your family and your friends. Thank you for giving hope to so many who are living with cancer. W & C,’ signing off with their first-name initials. The Royal couple have donated to The Bowelbabe Fund, which Deborah has set up to raise money for the charities that have helped her over the past five years. It has received over £2million in donations. Deborah shared the heartbreaking update on her health on Tuesday in her final Instagram post. ‘We have tried everything, but my body simply isn’t playing ball,’ she began. ‘My active care has stopped and I am now moved to hospice at home care, with my incredible family all around me and the focus is on making sure I’m not in pain and spending time with them,’ she wrote. ‘Nobody knows how long I’ve got left but I’m not able to walk, I’m sleeping most of the days, and most things I took for granted are pipe dreams. I know we have left no stone unturned. But even with all the innovative cancer drugs in the world or some magic new breakthrough, my body just can’t continue anymore.’ The author continued: ‘In over 5 years of writing about how I thought it would be my final Christmas, how I wouldn’t see my 40th birthday nor see my kids go to secondary school – I never envisaged writing the one where I would actually say goodbye. ‘I think it’s been the rebellious hope in me.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Joe Wicks ‘in tears in every scene’ in new documentary on his childhood and mental health MORE : Deborah James gives husband blessing to move on after her death but warns: ‘Don’t marry a bimbo’ 