Looking for a quick fitness fix to start your weekend off right? Why not try this simple, full-body workout for beginners – all you need is a medicine ball, which you will find in any gym, or you can buy one online. Designed by Anthony Mayatt, personal trainer and owner of Breathe Fitness, this workout will challenge your overall strength, core stability and range of motion. And people of any fitness level can give it a try. ‘In this workout all you need is a medicine ball at the weight of your choosing and a mat,’ says Anthony. ‘If you don’t have a ball then feel free to substitute it with any weight. ‘The workout consists of six exercises and I would like you to perform 10 repetitions of each. ‘Once you have completed a round, see if you can do a total of three rounds with a short rest between. ‘As you improve you can add more repetitions to each exercise.’ The workout: Stand with your feet slightly wider than hip width and feet pointing forwards. Hold the ball directly out in front of you and bend the knees as if you were going to sit in a chair. Pause and return to the starting position. Make sure you don’t allow the knees to come further forwards than your toes. Place the ball on the floor with one hand on the ball and other on the ground. Maintain a nice strong, straight posture and lower the chest towards the ground, pause the return to the starting position. Do 2 repetitions on one arm then swap to the other and keep doing this till you reach 10 reps. If full push-ups are too difficult you can also lower your knees to make it a bit easier. Stand up straight with feet together and hold the ball out in front of you. Take a big step forwards with your right leg, bend the knee then twist your body to the right. Rotate back to the middle, step back and repeat with the left leg and side. Hold the ball in the right hand above your shoulder and lift your right leg so you are balancing on your left. Proceed to push the ball straight up above you. Repeat on the opposite side. Do either 5 repetitions on each arm or 10 on each. Sit on the floor with knees bent and toes pointing up to the sky. Lean back till you feel your abs tight and hold the ball out in front of you. Rotate one way and then straight to the other and do 10 rotations on each side. Place the ball between your knees with them bent. Lay back and place your hands behind your head or across your chest. Pull the knees in towards the chest at the same time as crunching forwards. You are aiming to get your nose to touch the ball, the return to the start position. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : The 20-minute workout: Try this simple park bench workout MORE : The 20-minute workout: The full-body skipping rope workout MORE : The 20 minute workout: Back to basics full-body workout