A woman pretended to be pregnant to get abortion pills for her lover, who said he wanted to trick his girlfriend into taking them. Georgia Day told a doctor she wanted to end her fake pregnancy, and was prescribed medication. But she actually gave the pills to her lover who had got cold feet about having a baby with his girlfriend, despite them planning to start a family together. Day, who was aged 21 at the time, was having an affair with the man, who she had known for many years. In March 2020, his long-term partner became pregnant. Despite initially wanting the child, he decided he wanted to travel and complete his studies. When his girlfriend refused to get an abortion, he resorted to asking female friends to help him by procuring abortion pills. After a trial, he was found not guilty of conspiracy to procure a substance to bring on a miscarriage However, his co-accused Day, now 23, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiring to procure the physical means to procure a miscarriage. Prosecutor Julia King told Derby Crown Court that he had offered friends  thousands for them to get abortion pills that he could then surreptitiously give to his partner. Day, of Wingerworth in Derbyshire, offered to do it for free. She contacted the British Pregnancy Advisory Service and lied about being pregnant, before repeating the untruths during a phone consultation. Doctors were duped into sending her early-stage abortion pills through the post, a service which began during the coronavirus pandemic. Searches of the internet history on Day’s phone found she had searched ‘giving abortion pills to someone else’, ‘man laced pregnant wife’s pills with abortion pills’ and ‘size of baby at four weeks’, as well as searches on whether it was illegal to give someone abortion pills without their knowledge. But their plan was discovered by the pregnant woman when she discovered the box of pills under her bed. She did not take the pills and went on to deliver a healthy baby later in 2020. Lauren Fisher, defending, said that her client made a ‘terrible mistake’ and that reports prepared by the probation service indicated she had a very low risk of reoffending and had shown ‘genuine remorse’ for the offence. She said: ‘This mistake was made perhaps out of naivety or without proper consideration of the consequences, not only for the [pregnant woman] but for Miss Day herself. ‘But there is significant remorse now by her since this happened, shown primarily by her guilty plea. She did not know [the pregnant woman], she was in a relationship of sorts with [the man]. ‘She initially said no but for reasons that she perhaps cannot now fathom, decided to obtain the pills and give them to him. It is something that will remain with her for the rest of her life. ‘It was a terrible mistake.’ Handing Day, who had no previous convictions, a suspended sentence, Recorder Dean Crowe said: ‘The Crown does assert that Miss Day was a party to obtaining the abortion tablets. ‘It would seem you found some common ground [with the man]. I accept that there was some genuine affection between you. It was perhaps this affection that led you to foolishly agree to do what you did. ‘You are very lucky. Your acts were very foolish, but I accept that they are not ones you are likely to repeat in the future.’ Day was given a 12-month sentence, suspended for 18 months. She must also complete 120 hours of unpaid work and pay a victim surcharge. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.