A mum decided to ‘self disconnect’ the gas supply to her home due to surging energy prices, an anti-poverty charity has claimed. Kirsty McKechnie, from Child Poverty in Action Group Scotland, said the single mum was still being charged despite making the decision to disconnect her gas last year. She told BBC’s Good Morning Scotland programme: ‘We’ve already had one parent contact one of the advice agencies who had disconnected, self-disconnected, her gas over a year ago because she was struggling with the prices. ‘She’s a lone parent with two young children. And she’s still being hit with a standing charge. ‘I worry about the sheer number of families who will find themselves struggling over the forthcoming decisions about whether you heat the home or whether you feed your children.’ On Thursday, the government set out a £15 billion package of support to help people deal with the cost of living crisis. All UK households will receive a £400 grant for their energy bills in October and around eight million of the lowest income households will be sent a one-off payment of £650. Individuals who receive disability benefits will be receiving a one-off £150 disability cost of living payment. While pensioner households, who receive the winter fuel payment or ‘heating allowance’ will also receive a separate one-off payment of £300 towards energy bills. Kirsty said the new package of measures was ‘welcome’ but said the assistance was only temporary. ‘The package will go some way to helping low-income families. It’s more generous than we expected,’ she said. ‘We were really pleased to see the Chancellor using the social security system to get cash to low-income families. ‘However, this is temporary. ‘It is a temporary package and we know that there are lots of families who have been experiencing our cost-of-living crisis for some time. ‘It’s a rising tide, it’s catching more and more families.’ Faye Dearnaley, from Levenmouth, Fife, said she was having ‘sleepless nights’ over her rising bills. She told Good Morning Scotland: ‘The pressure is a bit unbearable. ‘You’re already counting pennies and having to rely on the third sector with food donations and things like that. ‘With the increase of food bills and fuel bills and all the rest of it, you’re becoming more and more dependent on them. ‘Sleepless nights are all that that happens with the energy crisis, because there’s no guarantee at the end of each month that I’m going to have enough money to pay for my bills. ‘I was already quite frugal with my gas and electric – turning everything off at the walls and having my heat on when I absolutely needed it.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.