Boris Johnson has been slammed as ‘tone deaf’ for gloating about introducing free bus passes for pensioners in response to a question about the cost of living crisis. The prime minister has appeared on Good Morning Britain for the first time in five years after infamously hiding in a fridge to avoid an interview in the lead up to the last General Election. Host Susanna Reid said she’d had an email from 77-year-old pensioner Elsie, whose  energy bills have risen from £17 a month to £85 a month – costing her an extra £800 a year. Susanna said: ‘To cut down on spending, Elsie has resorted to eating one meal a day. She’s losing weight, she’s 77. ‘She goes to the supermarket at the end of the day to buy yellow sticker discounted items. She gets up early in the morning to use her Freedom bus pass to stay on buses all day to avoid using energy at home. ‘What else should Elise cut back on?’ The prime minister responded to say it was he who introduced the ‘Freedom Pass’ that allows people in London over 60 to travel on buses for free. ‘I just want to remind you, the 24 hour freedom bus pass was something I introduced’, he said. The answer left many viewers reeling – not least because the prime minister didn’t actually introduce the scheme. The Freedom Pass has existed in some form since 1973. Mr Johnson reinstated it as Mayor of London in 2012 – but it is not valid for 24 hours. It is only accepted from 9.30am on weekdays and all day over weekends. The prime minister took credit for the scheme minutes after insisting he was an honest leader. Susanna replied: ‘Oh marvelous, so Elsie should be grateful to you for her bus pass?’ before pressing the PM on what else she should cut back on so she can afford to live. Mr Johnson said he did not want Elsie to cut back on anything and said she would be helped by the government’s £150 council tax rebate. But it was pointed out to him that like millions of others, Elsie doesn’t qualify for this scheme because she lives in a Band F house. He later admitted the £9bn in government funding introduced by Chancellor Rishi Sunak was ‘not going to be enough’ to immediately help everybody with the spiraling cost of living. He said that increasing state support beyond its current levels could drive inflation even higher. He said there is a ‘global context’ caused by a surge in energy prices which is hitting all aspects of the economy including food, adding: ‘The cost of chickens is crazy’. Mr Johnson was repeatedly asked why he won’t introduce a Windfall Tax on energy companies. There were renewed calls for the measure today after energy giant BP reported an underlying profit of £4.9bn – more than double the same period last year. The PM insisted a Windfall Tax would cut investment. The car crash interview comes amid predictions his party is on track for its heaviest losses in local elections for over 20 years when voters go to the polls on Thursday. Conservative councils are bracing for a backlash over national issues such as partygate, the cost of living crisis and a new Westminster sleaze row after a Tory MP was caught watching porn in the House of Commons. Susanna did not hold back as she introduced the interview, telling viewers: ‘This is the interview we have waited 1791 days for, and couldn’t come at a better time. ‘It’s a crucial week as voters prepare to have their say in Thursday’s elections. I’m here live in Downing Street’s study with Boris Johnson before he addresses the Ukrainian parliament, the first world leader to do so since Russia’s invasion, but at home troubles are mounting. ‘There are claims of sexism in Parliament, partygate investigations continue and there is a rising cost of living crisis. Prime Minister, we have a lot to get through.’ Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here. 