Chris Rock is now at the stage where he can make jokes about Will Smith slapping him, as he made a gag about the incident following Dave Chappelle’s attack last night. Chappelle, 48, was tackled to the ground by a man who ran on-stage at the Netflix Is A Joke festival in Los Angeles on Tuesday night. The comedian was unharmed during the shocking incident and continued on with the show, which saw him invite his famous friends on-stage to perform stand-up sets. Rock was among the stars on the line-up and was filmed on video hugging Chappelle after the attack, while joking: ‘Was that Will Smith?’ Of course, it was in reference to the equally shocking moment Smith, 53, stormed the Oscars stage in March and slapped Rock across the face for joking about his wife Jada Pinkett Smith. The incident led to Smith resigning from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science, and later being banned from attending the awards ceremony for 10 years. Rock is yet to speak out about the incident in-depth, but he has made a few remarks about it on his comedy tour in the US. Days after the attack, the Everybody Hates Chris creator said that he was ‘still processing’ what happened but would eventually talk about it in a ‘funny’ and ‘serious’ manner. On another occasion, he told the audience: ‘I’m OK, I have a whole show and I’m not talking about that until I get paid.’ Chappelle was coming towards the end of his show at the Hollywood Bowl when a man ‘lunged’ at him from the side. The comedian was knocked to the ground but security quickly descended and were seen tackling the man at the back of the stage. The attacker was later carried out on a gurney into an ambulance and taken to hospital with a dislocated arm. A Hollywood Bowl spokesperson has since said an ‘active investigation’ is underway into the incident. Chappelle seemed to be in good spirits despite the terrifying ordeal and later thanked his friend and comedian Jamie Foxx for stepping in to help with security. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Dave Chappelle attacked on stage at Netflix Is A Joke: The Festival as man tackles comedian to floor before Jamie Foxx rushes to help MORE : Susanna Reid thinks Boris Johnson was joking about not knowing who Lorraine was and it ‘backfired’ 