Chelsea youngster Levi Colwill insists he has no qualms with being billed as the ‘new John Terry’ after opting to wear the club legend’s iconic No.26 shirt while on loan at Huddersfield. The 21-year-old has enjoyed a superb season in the Championship with Huddersfield and has played a key role in the Terrier’s promotion bid. Colwill has made 28 appearances and earned rave reviews following series of commanding and inspirational displays at the heart of Huddersfield’s defence. Already capped at England Under-21 level, Colwill will hope to catch the eye of Thomas Tuchel during pre-season, especially given the impending departures of Antonio Rudiger and Andreas Christensen. Colwill certainly doesn’t appear to lack confidence, although the he insists the decision to be choose the squad number synonymous with Terry is a mere coincidence. ‘Everyone is saying it’s because of John, but it’s because that’s the date of my birthday (Colwill was born on February 26, 2003),’ the defender told The Athletic.  ‘It was my number when I was growing up, even if I was just playing a football game on Playstation. ‘When Huddersfield told me I was going to get the No.26 shirt it was perfect. Obviously, all the Chelsea fans started comparing me to John Terry. Have I thought about changing it because of that? No.’ The likes of Trevoh Chalobah and, before his move to AC Milan, Fikyao Tomori has demonstrated a first team place at Chelsea isn’t out of the question for Colwell, who insists he won’t feel any additional pressure given the comparisons to Terry. He added: ‘I’ll take it. I’m not going to complain. It’s not a bad thing to be called the new John Terry. ‘I haven’t made the comparison myself so the fans and media can make whatever comparisons they want to make, it isn’t going to affect me. ‘John Terry is a club legend and leader, someone every centre-back at Chelsea should look up to. A great guy and player. ‘I’ve not had the chance to speak to him too much. When he was around the academy building we’d have the odd little chat but it’d be more of a, ‘Hi, how are you?’, kind of thing, not on a personal level about football or things like that.’ MORE : Romelu Lukaku snubs interest from Newcastle United and AC Milan amid Chelsea exit MORE : Rio Ferdinand names Chelsea star who bullied Man Utd as his young player of the year For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 