Horrific footage reveals the moment a taxi driver was beaten almost to death by a man who punched and stamped on his face more than 30 times. Callum McDermott, 32, was spotted deliberately stopping traffic on a street in Leicester on August 23 last year and was confronted by the taxi driver, who has not been named, about this. As the taxi driver got out to confront Callum about this, Callum launched a brutal attack, kicking and punching the dad-of-three while he lay defenceless on the ground. The 45-year-old was placed in an induced coma in hospital with life threatening injuries and sustained multiple facial fractures. As a result of the attack, the cabbie has been left physically and mentally scarred and will never be able to return to work as a taxi driver. Body-cam video captures how McDermott went to go on and attack several police officers who arrived at the scene by throwing a wheelie-bin at them. McDermott went on to punch one officer in the face and he was left with a broken nose in four places as well as cuts and bruises to his face. McDermott was arrested at the scene and went on to admit grievous bodily harm, assault occasioning actual bodily harm, two counts of assault on an emergency worker and a Section 5 racially-aggravated public order. He was charged with attempted murder but after a trial earlier this month was found not guilty at Leicester Crown Court. McDermott, from Leicester, has been jailed for 10 years and eight months on May 26 at Leicester Crown Court. Detective Constable Berni Smith, of Leicestershire Police, said: ‘This was a horrific attack on a man in a public place, in front of a number of members of the public. ‘Many were left extremely distressed by what they had witnessed. ‘Fortunately, the victim survived the attack, although he is still receiving ongoing medical treatment and life for him will never be the same. ‘McDermott didn’t just stop at attacking the victim, he then assaulted a number of officers, one of whom sustained significant facial injuries.’ The victim’s 36-year-old wife also spoke out and said: ‘He wishes the man had killed him – life will never be the same again.’ She added: ‘He’s been extremely depressed and can be tearful – he knows something has happened to him he just can’t remember what. ‘We originally come from Sri Lanka and he often says he just wants to go back to his homeland and leave the UK. ‘My older daughter is 10 years old, she knows something has happened and her dad has changed. ‘She was an extremely intelligent girl and as a result of what’s happened her school work started to suffer. ‘Luckily the school have been able to support her and provide some wellbeing counselling to help her. ‘The detectives who have been investigating this case have been supportive and making adjustments so my husband is able to provide evidence via a video recording and didn’t have to stand up in court and talk about what he remembers or the impact on him now. ‘When the officers came to our home on the morning of the assault I thought they were just there to speak to me or tell me something – I never expected it to be about my husband being seriously assaulted. ‘I was in shock for days, luckily family and friends rallied around us and were there to support me and the children through the traumatic time. ‘The day changed our lives forever and I don’t know whether life will ever be the same for us again. ‘How can someone do that to another person, does he not have a family, doesn’t he have a heart? ‘I can only hope now that my husband will recover in some way and be able to return to work and we can be a normal family again.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.