I started to worry about Annabelle*’s behaviour as soon as my boyfriend moved in with me after a year of dating. His younger sister simply refused to talk to him as she worried he was making a mistake. Annabelle had her doubts about us as we were from different cultures and I already had two children.My boyfriend explained that Annabelle was the baby of the family and used to getting her own way, as well as being vocal with her opinions. Essentially, we had to just put up with her tantrum. By the time we got engaged five years later, I had still not met his sister as I was repeatedly told she ‘wasn’t ready to meet me’. I hadn’t so much as spoken to this girl on the phone the entire time we were dating, despite the family living a 20 minute drive away. This made me feel anxious with the wedding approaching and caused tension between me and my fiancé. For his part, he didn’t seem too worried about Annabelle not wanting to meet me and would brush my concerns off, stating that she would come around eventually. I tried to put my worries aside and trusted my partner that he knew his family best. My relationship with the rest of the family was cordial but contact before our engagement was very minimal; we had only met twice as they also struggled with the idea that my fiancé was marrying somebody from a different culture. I was relieved to eventually be invited to a restaurant a few months before the wedding with his sister in attendance. I was obviously nervous going in, but I was truly hopeful that if she saw how happy my fiancé and I were that she would warm to me and we could become friends as we were a similar age. As I walked in, I smiled at her but I was met with a cold stare. I felt a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach as she turned her head away from me. I carefully sat down and said hello, but she refused to look up and say hello back. My cheeks flushed but I felt relieved nobody seemed to notice as they were busy greeting my fiancé. After my partner was done catching up with his family, I tried to break the ice by telling Annabelle we had chosen our wedding cake. Instead she told me that it was ‘rather selfish’ that we hadn’t invited her along to choose the wedding cake with us and stormed off to the toilets, an incredible way for someone in their late 20s to behave.My fiancé dropped his head and apologised. She came back after 10 minutes and didn’t utter a single word to us or say goodbye at the end of the evening. The next time I saw her was a few months later at my fiancé’s cousin’s wedding. I noticed how strange and aggressive she was to other family members. I overheard her interrupting several conversations and angrily telling people they were wrong about how to cook a certain food. I also noticed she would continue to pick up a newborn baby from their pram despite the parents telling her the baby needed to rest – it seemed she had no respect for anybody and did as she pleased. I raised my concerns with my fiancé about how combative she was and how I was worried she would behave like this at our wedding. He assured me it would be different for us. I couldn’t shake the feeling it wouldn’t be. When our wedding day finally came, we were filled with complete happiness, and so were our family and friends. As we said our vows and kissed, I turned to the side and could see his sister staring at the wall with a face like thunder. My heart was thumping as we left the building. ‘Why couldn’t she be happy for us?’ I thought. I didn’t say anything to my husband as I didn’t want to spoil the day. Shortly after the wedding, we discovered we were expecting a baby. We were thrilled! But when my husband announced the news in front of his whole family his sister spoke over him, declaring loudly: ‘Oh, we know you’re pregnant – no need to announce it.’ I felt ridiculous standing in front of the family holding our scan photo as Annabelle sat there with a smirk on her face. My husband looked at her and said, ‘Thanks for that.’ He then offered the standard excuse on her behalf: ‘That’s just the way Annabelle is.’ I spoke to my mother about Annabelle’s behaviour and she revealed to me that my aunt had made a comment after the wedding about how she was being rude to a waitress. It didn’t shock me, but I was glad that other people could see it too. My husband never made me feel like I was overreacting, but it was hard to talk about how difficult his family were making things. I decided that it was best to tread carefully around Annabelle after I reluctantly allowed my husband to tell her we were expecting a boy and to share the name we had chosen. She reacted angrily, asking why she had had no input in naming our son. I was flabbergasted; why would she have any part in picking my baby’s name when she clearly couldn’t stand me? As Annabelle had no children of her own, I worried that she thought this baby was a possession. The evening before my C-section, my husband’s parents invited us over to the house for dinner. They didn’t know we were having a boy as they wanted a surprise. Yet, just before we were leaving, my sister-in-law blurted out the gender. The table fell silent and my husband’s parents looked devastated, before she stormed off upstairs swearing. My husband’s phone started ringing when we got home, it was her. She was intoxicated and told my husband she wanted to name our son. My husband told her we had chosen a name and it was non-negotiable. I felt upset that he wasn’t putting her in her place. After we welcomed our boy, Annabelle’s behaviour got even worse. I refused to go round to the family home if she was there. On one visit she continually refused to hand my son back, despite the fact he needed to be fed. My husband had to prise our newborn out of her arms. My son could sense I was overwhelmed and wouldn’t stop crying. I had to steady myself against my husband’s car as I had a full-blown anxiety attack. The final straw for me was when she turned up at my father’s house a week after he died.  She randomly and very abruptly told me she would be watching my baby so I could work longer hours. I was utterly broken as it was and hearing her make these unusual demands made me feel sick to my stomach. I remained silent until she left. I lost it and screamed at my husband that if he ever let that woman breathe the same air as me or our son again, I would be divorcing him. At first my husband was taken aback and angry I had made such a bold statement, however several discussions took place over the following weeks and he realised just how much his sister’s behaviour was upsetting me. We informed his parents she was no longer welcome in our home or around our child. Soon after, my husband received a call from his mother saying she was no longer going to have a relationship with us or the baby as she couldn’t accept us cutting his sister off. He cried hearing the news. It’s nearly a year since we last saw Annabelle and the rest of his family. While sad, my husband feels at peace not having Annabelle in his life being nasty especially around our son. I feel guilty at times. I wonder if I should have done what my husband said initially and just ignored the nastiness from his sister instead of putting my foot down and insisting she was no longer welcome around me or our son. After a lot of soul searching and long talks, my husband is now completely supportive and it has been a joint decision to continue having no contact with her. My friends and family find it bizarre that we no longer have contact with his family because of his sister’s behaviour and often ask if we have spoken to them and sadly the answer is always no. Ultimately, I don’t regret cutting her off as we live a peaceful life without her toxic energy around our child. I have asked my husband if he sees things changing in the future and he is hopeful that his parents will ask to see their only grandchild again. They have missed out on so much of his life due to their refusal to have contact with us without Annabelle being involved. I would encourage others who were in a similar situation to speak out especially if you have children – you are their advocate and teaching them to accept abuse from people because they are family is not setting a good example. By teaching your children to stand up for themselves and to not tolerate abuse, you are putting them on the right path to develop healthy relationships when they are adults. *Names are changed MORE : How to recover from a toxic relationship MORE : How to know if a friendship is toxic – and how to let go MORE : My sister was so toxic that I had to cut her out of my life