The number of confirmed monkeypox cases in the UK has risen to 78, according to the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA). The latest figures come after seven new patients were found in England. That is half as many as were announced yesterday. So far, just one case has been detected in Scotland, with none in Wales or Northern Ireland up to May 24. Cases have also been detected in Europe and North America – despite previous outbreaks tending to be centred around Africa. The outbreak of the illness, which is similar to smallpox, has alarmed and puzzled scientists around the globe – but experts have told people to remain calm and say it is not another Covid. Dr Susan Hopkins, chief medical adviser for the UKHSA, said: ‘We are continuing to promptly detect new monkeypox cases through our extensive surveillance network and NHS services. ‘If anyone suspects they might have rashes or lesions on any part of their body, particularly if they have recently had a new sexual partner, they should limit their contact with others and contact NHS 111 or their local sexual health service as soon as possible – though please phone ahead before attending in person.’ Community transmission has been confirmed in the UK, with a significant proportion of cases identified among gay and bisexual men. Stocks of smallpox vaccine have been bought by the government and offered to close contacts of confirmed infections. Those at the highest risk of infection are being asked to self-isolate at home for three weeks. But there have been a series of calming interventions from experts, with parents urged not to worry as cases in children are rare. The UKHSA said that the risk to the UK population ‘remains low’. Experts are also exploring the theory that many of the cases are likely to have been sparked by ‘sex at two raves in Spain and Belgium’. Symptoms of the disease include fever, headache, muscle aches, backache, swollen lymph nodes, chills and exhaustion. A rash can develop, often beginning on the face, which then spreads to other parts of the body including the genital area. People with unusual rashes or lesions, particularly if they have had a new sexual partner, have been urged to contact NHS 111 or their local sexual health clinic. But health officials stressed people should phone ahead before attending in person. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Hospital in India prepares isolation ward for monkeypox patients