Not a fan of heights? You might not be keen on this maisonette in London, then. Nope, it’s not in a high rise building. In fact, it takes up the ground and first floors of Porchester Terrace North. The squeamishness comes in when you take a look at the photos of inside the property, which reveal the path up to your home office or storage space. Up on a mezzanine level sit some shelves and floor space, but there are no stairs to get you up there. Instead, photos show a ladder leant against the mezzanine. That’s just a standard wooden ladder, to be clear – so you’d need to clamber up while looking down at the floors below. As we say, for plenty of people, that’d be no problem… but if you feel a bit queasy being up above the ground, this place isn’t for you. If it’s any reassurance, we think/hope the ladder might be secured to the top, but it’s not entirely clear. There is a bit of metal keeping the ladder in place at the bottom, though. You could, however, just ignore that bit of space and stick your working area down on more solid ground, as there’s also a space off the living area, underneath the mezzanine bit, that currently has a desk set up. The rest of the property is pretty lovely – as it should be, considering the guide price is £1.25million. On the ground floor is the main bedroom, complete with a fireplace and a view of one of London’s poshest areas, and a second bedroom, currently painted a pleasing lilac shade. Both of these have en suite bathrooms, of course. Go up a level and you’ll find the large open-plan reception room, where you’ll spy the slightly scary ladder we mentioned earlier, the kitchen, and a bathroom. There’s also a terrace where you can sit and enjoy your coffee. Nice. Location-wise, the maisonette’s price tag makes a bit more sense. It’s in Porchester Square, in Bayswater, West London, and so has easy access to grand gardens and Paddington station. If you fancy finding out more or booking in a viewing, you can do both through Rightmove. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : An unusual octagon-shaped house is on the market for £1.4million MORE : Skinny London house that’s less than 9ft wide goes on sale for £1.3million MORE : House on sale for £595,000 comes with a cat who doesn’t want to leave