Amanda Redman is unable to publicly talk about the death of her New Tricks co-star Dennis Waterman, her daughter told fans. Waterman died aged 74 with his wife Pam by his side, his family confirmed on Sunday. Amanda starred alongside Waterman in the long-running BBC police drama for 10 years, as Sandra Pullman, detective superintendent to his hero Gerry Standing. Following the news of his death, Amanda’s daughter tweeted on behalf of the actress: ‘Hi everyone, it’s Emily (Amanda’s daughter). ‘She has seen and is grateful for your messages but can’t respond – the grief is too personal and private. Thank you for understanding. E x.’ Waterman was an undisputed TV legend, with a career spanning more than 60 years, becoming a household name after starring as bodyguard Terry McCann in Minder, and tough-nut cop, Detective Sergeant George Carter, opposite John Thaw in ITV’s police drama The Sweeney. Confirming the news of his death, a statement read: ‘We are deeply saddened to announce that our beloved Dennis passed away very peacefully in hospital in Spain, on Sunday afternoon, with Pam by his side. ‘The family kindly ask that our privacy is respected at this very difficult time.’ Countless stars paid tribute to the actor, with Paddy McGuinness sharing a picture of his Minder character with the caption: ‘Myself and my Phoenix Nights cast mates used to sing the theme tune to Minder on tour and on the Karaoke! Gutted I never got to meet him, always wanted to be Terry McCann. Another icon from my childhood gone. RIP Dennis Waterman.’ Little Britain comic Matt Lucas wrote: ‘I grew up watching Dennis Waterman’s iconic performances in The Sweeney and Minder. ‘His guest appearance in our Little Britain Live show at Hammersmith Apollo – in which he hilariously duetted with David’s absurd impersonation of him – remains the absolute highlight of my career.’ Inside no. 9 star Reece Shearsmith said Watermna ‘made me the best cups of tea’ while filming New Tricks and wrote: ‘I just spent the time grilling him about “Scars of Dracula”.’ As well as wife Pam Flint – whom he married in 2011 – Waterman leaves behind two daughters, one of whom is actress Hannah Waterman, known for playing Laura Beale in EastEnders. New Tricks is available to stream on ITV Hub. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 