The jury in Johnny Depp’s defamation case against Amber Heard have resumed their deliberations after a long weekend. The group were sent home on Friday for Memorial Day weekend, and returned to the Fairfax County Courthouse at 9am this morning to continue their discussions. It is not known when a verdict could be announced, with the court trial being heard for several weeks. Jurors were handed 37 pages of instructions ahead of their deliberations, meaning there is a lot for them to get through. Depp’s legal team, including Camille Vasquez and Ben Chew, were seen outside the courthouse while waiting for the decision. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, who is suing his ex-wife for $50million, took the opportunity for a break and made a string of surprise appearances in the UK, joining Jeff Beck on stage in Sheffield over the weekend. He was greeted with a huge applause from fans as he came out on stage with the rocker once again, on his London performance. Introducing the 58-year-old to the audience, Beck said: ‘He came knocking on my dressing room door about five years ago and we haven’t stopped laughing since.’ While he didn’t mention the ongoing trial, he added that the cameo was kept under wraps ‘for obvious reasons’. Depp is suing the Aquaman actress, 36, for defamation over an op-ed she wrote in the Washington Post, in 2018. In the piece, she discussed her experiences with domestic abuse but did not mention him by name. Despite not being named, his team have argued that it falsely implies that she was sexually and physically abused during their relationship, allegations he has denied. Heard launched a countersuit, seeking $100million, claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. The case began on April 11 and saw the former couple take to the stand – as well as Heard’s sister, Whitney Henriquez, and Depp’s ex-girlfriend, Kate Moss. The Justice League star offered emotional testimony, recalling their heated arguments and claiming that he penetrated her with a bottle in a vicious row. She tearfully insisted that she just wanted to ‘move on’ and for her ex to ‘leave her alone’. While the Edward Scissorhands lead alleged that she attacked him on their honeymoon, branding her words ‘heinous’. ‘It’s insane to hear heinous accusations of violence, sexual violence, that she has attributed to me, that she has accused me of,’ he added. ‘I don’t think anyone enjoys having to split themselves open and tell the truth but there are times when one simply has to because it’s got out of control. ‘No human being is perfect, none of us. But I have never in my life committed sexual battery, physical abuse, all these outlandish, outrageous stories of me committing these things and living with it for six years, and waiting to be able to bring the truth out. ‘This is not easy for any of us, I know that, but no matter what happens. I did get here and I did tell the truth and I have spoken up for what I’ve been carrying on my back, reluctantly, for six years.’ Closing arguments were heard on Friday, after which Judge Penney Azcarate instructed jurors to begin deliberating. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Rory Kinnear on ‘giving birth’ to himself multiple times in new horror film Men: ‘It must be a terrifying experience for someone to watch’ MORE : Neighbours spoilers: Freya and Levi finally get together in ultimate feel-good moment and protect them at all costs 