Will Young would happily sign up as a judge on the rumoured reboot of Pop Idol. In an exclusive interview with Guilty Pleasures, the singer confirmed his interest in coming full circle after winning the first series of the talent contest in 2002. ‘I have heard the rumours, yes, but I don’t know anything concrete,’ he teased, adding: ‘I think it would be fun, if it was done in the right way.’ ‘Because there’s no X Factor, it’d be brilliant. There was only ever two series of Pop Idol, so it could be interesting, a laugh.’ It was reported earlier this year that bosses were in talks to bring back the ITV show, in which Simon Cowell made his name as ‘Mr Nasty’. However, Will does have a couple of caveats, and would only pull up a seat at the judging table if contestants were offered mental health care. ‘There would have to be a wellbeing coach, or something there, for me to do it, to make sure everything was done properly,’ he explained. ‘If I was offered it, that’s what I would say, I would only do it if there was – it’s such a big part of what I do now, I couldn’t do it and not feel that people are being looked after.’ The 43-year-old, who hosts the podcast The Wellbeing Lab, also shared his wishlist of panellists. ‘Someone like Griff would be interesting. Also, Laura Marling, she’s seen a lot, and maybe someone like Clara Amfo, because she knows about music from another side of things,’ he pondered, before quipping: ‘Imagine if they were all judges and I was lying to you!’ Back with new record 20 Years – The Greatest Hits, in celebration of his TV triumph, Will revealed he is in touch with fellow finalist Gareth Gates – but ruled out collaborating with him again following their cover of The Beatles’ The Long and Winding Road. ‘The duet that we did was so linked to [Idol] and a really nice moment to have, and I don’t think we’d better that – it’s much better to honour that. It was a cover, but in the context of the show, it was quite sweet, so to do another one wouldn’t work,’ he insisted. Will sets off on a nationwide tour this autumn, find tickets here. MORE : Major lack of female headliners at UK festivals in 2022 as music industry gender imbalance continues, study finds MORE : Ed Sheeran could top rich list and become first British billionaire musician  