WWE legend AJ Lee looks to be in better shape than ever after giving fans a rare update on social media. The former Divas Champion – whose real name is AJ Mendez – hadn’t posted on Instagram since December 2021 when she announced filming had wrapped on Blade of the 47 Ronin, which she co-wrote with John Swetnam and Aimee Garcia. However, she returned in a big way on Wednesday as she shared a photo in her workout gear with her abs and guns on display for her one million followers. She posed with one hand in her hair, eyes closed with another on her hip as the 35-year-old star – who is married to AEW wrestler and fellow WWE alumni CM Punk – showed off her incredible figure. She captioned the post: ‘Sorry i’ve been m.i.a., mama’s been working (sic)’ ‘Holy moly,’ replied one follower, while WWE’s Zelina Vega – who played AJ in blockbuster Fighting With My Family, which was based on the life and career of British wrestler Paige – added: ‘There’s those famous abs!!! (sic)’ A fan commented that AJ was ‘looking great as always’, while another follower asked the question on everyone’s lips. They asked: ‘Working on a comeback to the ring??? (sic)’ AJ – who is highly regarded as one of the most influential women in wrestling after signing with WWE’s developmental promotion FCW in 2009 and enjoying a memorable main roster run from 2011 to 2015 – hasn’t wrestled since her exit seven years ago. Her final match took place on Raw in March 2015, and saw her on the winning side as she teamed with Paige and Naomi against the Bella Twins and Natalya. At one point, an in-ring comeback seemed unlikely, but AJ is clearly in great shape and last year she announced her return to the business as a major figure in the relaunch of Women of Wrestling, which has been spearheaded by GLOW founder David McLane and Los Angeles Lakers owner Jeanie Buss. Back in October, she said: ‘I have never stopped loving wrestling, but when I retired I retired knowing that I accomplished all of my dreams. ‘Growing up, I had never seen someone that looked like me on TV. I’d never seen myself represented, and it’s really hard to be what you cannot see. So, I worked hard and I became that figure for myself. ‘But my goal after wrestling was to create those characters for the next generation so every little girl could see themselves on TV and know that nothing was impossible.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : AEW’s William Regal reveals why he’ll never wrestle again despite WWE legend being ‘better now than he ever was’ MORE : WWE Clash at the Castle: Tickets, dates, pre-sales and more for huge show at Cardiff’s Principality Stadium 