The news that 19 children and two teachers were murdered in an elementary school shooting in Texas on Tuesday, has sent waves of grief and pain around the world. For parents with children of a similar age to those who tragically lost their lives, the horror of this event may trigger a different level of anxiety and fear. Here in the UK, the threat of an incident like this happening in one of our schools is much lower than it is in the US, and yet seeing the anguish on the faces of parents who have lost their children is still terrifying for many. ‘I’ve had to stop watching the news today,’ says Hannah, a 33-year-old mum of two from Leicester. ‘I found myself crying while watching the coverage this morning. It is just too much to even think about. My heart goes out to those parents because I can’t even imagine the pain they must be in. ‘It has made me feel anxious about my own two. You can’t help but put yourself in that position, imagine getting a phone call that something terrible has happened. As a parent, it definitely shook me to the core.’ If you’re feeling similarly shaken by recent news events and feel like you need to hold your little ones even tighter today, you are certainly not alone. ‘It’s important to acknowledge the emotions that come up when you are triggered by news events,’ says Samantha Quemby, a certified performance and life coach who specialises in supporting people working through trauma. ‘It can be tempting to distract yourself, or want to numb out from them, but this will only increase in severity.’ Instead, Samantha says you should take a moment to allow yourself to acknowledge and feel the fear, anxiety, and worry. ‘If you need to cry, then do so,’ she says. ‘This will all help to calm the nervous system and move you through the trigger back to a place of neutrality. If you are ruminating or constantly checking the news put your phone away, switch off the TV and focus on something that makes you feel happy and upbeat.’ Of course, it is completely normal and understandable to feel upset when a tragedy like this happens. But how can you tell if you might need some additional support – or if your emotional response is tipping over into something more severe? ‘If you find that your anxiety is hard to shift, it may even be causing panic attacks, or you feel an intense need not to let your children out of your sight, then these could be signs that you would benefit from seeking support and talking about this with a professional,’ says Samantha. ‘Obsessively watching the news, not being able to think about anything else, and being kept awake all night due to panic, means you could be suffering from a bigger trauma response which may not go away without expert help.’ However, Samantha adds, worrying about your children is of course a normal part of parenting, but if it becomes all-consuming it won’t be healthy for you or them. ‘A lot of worries can come when we catastrophise and think of worst-case scenarios, which most likely will never happen,’ Samantha adds. ‘If you find yourself doing this, come back to the present moment and remind yourself that your child is safe right now – and think of all the ways you are able to support their safety.’ It’s likely your kids will see something about the triggering stories online, on TV, or they might hear about it at school. Naturally, they will have questions. So, how should you talk to your kids if they have questions about they have seen or heard? ‘Create a safe and open space and let your child know it is OK for them to share what is on their mind,’ says Samantha. ‘Be sure to help them understand there is no right or wrong way to be feeling or reacting and that you are there to listen and support them.;’ Samantha says that having their voices heard will help your children to process the news, rather than making meaning and decisions about it on their own. She adds: ‘Before opening up this conversation be sure to have worked through your heightened emotions first so that you can be grounded and calm to help them feel at ease.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.