A documentary charting the stratospheric rise of Lizzo has been announced by HBO, which will look at her rise to fame. The as-yet untitled film is set to be directed by Doug Pray, the executive producer of 2018’s The Defiant Ones documentary about Dr Dre and Jimmy Iovine. In a statement shared by Rolling Stone, Lizzo said of the film: ‘Growing up I never dreamed I’d get to experience all of the things I’ve accomplished in my life, and I’m just getting started. ‘From ‘Cuz I Love You to my dramatic world tour, losing and gaining love, and creating my new album Special, y’all get to see the amount of time, patience, blood, sweat and tears that went into this process. ‘It takes 10 years to become an “overnight success,” and hopefully I can inspire other young creatives to keep going.’ The film will ‘tell the inspirational story behind her humble beginnings to her meteoric rise with an intimate look into the moments that shaped her hard-earned rise to fame, success, love, and international stardom.’ Lizzo is set to executive produce the documentary which is slated for release in the autumn, following the release of her next album Special on July 15. The 34-year-old was born Melissa Viviane Jefferson in Detroit, Michigan, before moving to Houston, Texas. Although she had been performing for many years prior, Lizzo’s mainstream fame began with the release of Juice in 2019 which propelled her to worldwide success. As well as singing, Lizzo is also well-known for being an accomplished classical flautist, with the instrument often featuring in her shows. The beginnings of her career were not always easy, with Lizzo living out of her car at the age of 21 as she tried to break into the music industry following the death of her father. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : From Selena Gomez’s pots to Lizzo’s Yitty, these are the hottest celeb launches right now MORE : Lizzo very confused by Harry Styles question on The One Show: ‘What did you say?’ 