Jeremy Clarkson has admitted to being ‘very unmanly’ as he proudly celebrated his daughter Emily Clarkson’s wedding to husband Alex Andrew over the weekend. Former Top Gear host Jeremy, 62, was among Emily’s family and friends who joined together for her special day in a beautiful countryside wedding. The 27-year-old influencer and author walked down the aisle with 29-year-old publicist Alex this weekend at a traditional church ceremony. Shortly after Emily revealed the news herself, her famous father showed just how excited he was to welcome his son-in-law into the fold. Taking to Instagram on Sunday evening, he praised his new son-in-law as he shared a gorgeous snap with his daughter at a low key wedding reception. He wrote: ‘Fathers. I cannot even begin to describe how wonderful it is when your daughter gets married to someone you like. ‘I am being very unmanly about this weekend. It was just sublime. I have never been happier.’ This came shortly after he shared a video of what appeared to be the happy couple’s first dance. In the clip, the pair beamed as they swirled around the dance floor with guests watching on from the sidelines, which Jeremy captioned: ‘Happiest day of my life.’ Fans of the star quickly sent their congratulations in the comments, with one sharing: ‘She looks absolutely beautiful and she’s an amazing lady bet you’re so so proud.’ ‘Congratulations Jeremy. This will be the happiest day of your life until you hold the next generation. And your heart will melt again. Kids,’ someone else said. Another added: ‘Congratulations! What a gown! So beautiful!’ A social media user weighed in: ‘Em looked amazing! So glad she had her magical day!’ Earlier on Sunday, Emily shared a few stunning snaps from their big day with the simple caption: ‘MARRIED!!!’ She wore a gorgeous vintage-style beaded white dress, complete with a traditional white veil. Emily’s hair was tied up in a long sleek ponytail and finished off her look with some elegant silver jewellery. Meanwhile, Alex opted for a classic black morning suit, paired with a white shirt and light pink tie. Emily revealed her engagement to long-term boyfriend Alex in March 2020, with the pandemic delaying their initial wedding plans. At the time, Clarkson’s Farm star Jeremy shared a photograph of the couple posing, with Emily donning her engagement ring, shortly after they shared the exciting news. ‘Very very happy father,’ he wrote alongside it in a sweet message of support. Emily is the eldest daughter of Jeremy and his ex-wife Frances Cain, alongside younger siblings Finlo and Katya. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ryan Reynolds, David Beckham and Will Ferrell spotted having whale of a time supporting Wrexham FC at Wembley MORE : Pointless star Richard Osman confirms engagement to Doctor Who actress partner Ingrid Oliver: ‘Exciting, isn’t it?’ 