A woman who visited a doctors in the US was charged for an ’emotional and behavioural assessment’ simply for shedding a tear. YouTuber Camille Johnson, from New York, says her sister has a rare disease and has been struggling to find appropriate care. During a recent trip to a clinic, she says her sibling ‘got emotional because she feels frustrated and helpless’. ‘One tear in and they charged her $40 without addressing why she is crying, trying to help, doing any evaluation, any prescription, nothing,’ the vlogger said. In a Twitter thread revealing pitfalls of the American healthcare system, she wrote: ‘They charged her more for crying than they did for a vision assessment test. ‘They charged her more for crying than for a hemoglobin test. They charged her more for crying than for a health risk assessment. They charged her more for crying than for a capillary blood draw.’ For all these other tests, Camille’s sister was charged between $15 and $30, as shown in a photograph of the bill. In a nod to the left-wing senator for Vermont, she wrote: ‘@BernieSandersI’ve always wanted to tell you i love you. Maybe you will see this. Thank you for your work.’ People were shocked by what they’d read, with one person commenting: ‘This is why most people don’t seek help. They just cry at home hoping to heal in silence. smh. I pray your sister gets better.’ Another added: ‘Dude that’s so wrong and has to be illegal. I don’t know how the hell anyone could make money off of someone simply expressing emotion. Jesus Christ, capitalism gone too far imo.’ But not everyone thought such a charge was unreasonable, with one Twitter user commenting: ‘No. She was crying, due to frustration/expression of her emotions and therefore needed a quick mental health screen to determine if she needs further evaluation. Depression…suicide…..heightened anxiety.’ Another follower replied: ‘But they didn’t evaluate nor ask her any questions pertaining to her crying. They just added it as a charge to the bill. ‘Looks like “time” was really of the essence without her even receiving the actual, spontaneous “assessment” claimed to be given.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.