Dame Deborah James has said she is ‘gutted’ she will not be alive to see her second book published. The You Me And The Big C podcast host, also known as Bowelbabe, recently revealed she’s receiving end of life care following a battle with bowel cancer, and launched a fundraiser which has surpassed £6million in donations for Cancer Research UK. In an Instagram post on Tuesday, Dame Deborah revealed she has written her second book, titled How To Live When You Could Be Dead, four years after her first book, F*** You Cancer: How To Face The Big C, Live Your Life And Still Be Yourself. The 40-year-old mum-of-two shared her regret that she’s unlikely to be alive by the time the book is published, despite its release date being brought forward, writing in the caption: ‘I wrote another book!! So I’ve got a few things to share with you before I die that I’m gutted I won’t see in real life! But I’ve now been granted permission to share them and I’m really excited! ‘For the last 2 years I’ve been working on my second book How to Live when you could be Dead – oh the irony of the title! I wanted to share all my (hard-won!!) learning on how to have a positive mindset when we are faced with life’s biggest challenges.’ She added that the book was originally due to come out in January next year, but now its publication date has been brought forward to August this year. ‘It is still long after I’m flying high, but hopefully a little less longer for you to wait,’ she wrote. Also in the post, Dame Deborah revealed £3 from each book sold will go to her Bowelbabe Fund for Cancer Research UK. She said: ‘We have worked really hard over the last few days to ensure the book benefits Bowelbabe Fund as much as possible,’ adding: ‘No pressure to do anything or order anything as I know your generosity has already been extraordinary.’ It has been a whirlwind few days for the 40-year-old author, who has bravely shared her devastating ordeal with the public, while also receiving a Damehood from Prince William personally, after the Duke of Cambridge paid a visit to her parents’ home in Surrey where she has chosen to die surrounded by loved ones. The fundraiser she started for Cancer Research UK shot past £6million in donations, a whopping 2500% more than her target amount of £250,000. Dame Deborah is married to banker Sebastien Bowen and is mother to two children, Hugo, 14, and Eloise, 12. In her final interviews, she expressed her wishes for Sebastien to move on and find love after her death, and revealed she has created memory boxes of messages and gifts for her children’s future milestones, such as getting married and big birthdays. The BBC podcaster was diagnosed with stage four bowel cancer in 2016 and has had at least 17 operations to remove surgeries. Dame Deborah’s supporters have closely followed her journey for the past five years, notably through her You, Me & The Big C podcast which she began in 2018. MORE : Dame Deborah James ’embracing the rain’ in case it’s the last time she feels it amid end of life care MORE : How to donate to Dame Deborah James’ BowelBabe Fund 