Lidl has a number of offers in the middle aisle every week – called the Middle of Lidl. From BBQs to fitness gear, and scuba-diving equipment to weighted blankets – there are always some great deals to be found. But what does the legendary middle aisle have in store of Lidl shoppers this week? Here are our top picks. Lidl’s middle aisle is always varied, but this week the main focus is on outdoor entertaining. You’ll also get yourself some low-priced beautifying tools and bathroom essentials. After a garden furniture shortage earlier this spring, you’ll be glad to get your hands on this £129.99 set. With four chairs, a table, and a large parasol – all in UV and weatherproof materials – it’s a steal. Available in Lidl stores from today. So you’ve got somewhere for your guests to sit, but what will you feed them Use this £39.99 smokeless barbecue to grill them up something delicious, of course. It uses electrical energy to cook without charcoal or briquettes, with the benefit of thermostat temperature controls… And it can go in the dishwasher when you’re done. Available in Lidl stores from today. When you’re recovering from your Jubilee weekend celebrations, reach for this £49.99 massage gun to loosen up your muscles. The trigger point massager comes with four heads to target different areas of the body, and it runs for up to four hours between charges. Available in Lidl stores from Sunday May 29. At £14.99, this hair tool is a bargain – especially if you like to regularly switch up your look. The rotating head will give you that bouncy blow-dry feel, and it comes with siz interchangeable heads; a curling iron, a double-sided brush, a 33mm large round brush, a 21mm small round brush, a vented brush, and a concentrator nozzle. Available in Lidl stores from Sunday May 29. Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram Share your views in the comments below MORE : What are Aldi’s Specialbuys this week? Top picks from the middle aisle MORE : These are the best questions to ask while speed dating, according to an expert