For today’s instalment of How I Do It, our weekly series in which a person shares what a week in their sex life looks like, we catch up with Jamie* again. Jamie is 28, and is less than a month shy of marking her third anniversary with her partner. Jamie previously said it ‘defies logic’ that she and her boyfriend are so good together. Not only did they start dating when she was fresh out of a pretty poor excuse for a relationship and not looking for anything serious, but they had also only been seeing each other a few months before lockdown hit, and they decided to move in together rather than be apart. Now, they’re about to reach another milestone – buying a home together. Since they’ve been together, Jamie has also spent some time thinking about her sexuality. She fondly remembers her sexual awakenings for men (David Bowie) and women (Michelle Rodriguez/Eva Green), but says: ‘Women are so hot, I guess I just figured most of us felt sexual feelings for the same sex now and then.’ Her partner is supportive, and these days, she feels like pansexual could be the label that describes her best, but she’s still working it out. Without any further ado, here’s what a week in Jamie’s sex life looks like… Thursday: My three-day weekend starts tomorrow, so I’ve got that Friday feeling. After work, my partner and I chill out in front of the TV and have a couple of beers. I don’t remember who makes the first subtly-flirty move (that’s usually the way) but it’s still light out when we make our way upstairs. We’re in such a good rhythm at the moment – insofar as not every sexual encounter can be perfect, it’s getting better all the time. He enjoys putting the work into finding out what makes me tick, and that is very sexy in itself. And if I say I like something, like for example getting a firm smack on the ass during sex, he’ll absolutely remember for next time. And the time after that, and the time after that… Friday: Today I took myself on a nice date. It was my day off so I started the day by getting a coffee and going to the movies to see the new Nick Cage joint. Then I took myself for lunch at a place I’d never tried before and lingered for absolute ages reading my book and sipping plum wine. Bliss. The early afternoon was spent at a house viewing with my boyfriend (we are, miraculously, looking to buy). The rest of the day was spent chilling in the park with our flatmate before the three of us ordered takeaway and watched TV. It’s days like these that remind me moving out is going to be bittersweet. Saturday: Today I haven’t been feeling great. My stomach’s been funny since yesterday morning, and it really kicked it up a notch by late afternoon Thankfully I was able to get out, enjoy the sunshine for a bit, and make it home before things went awry. But it scuppered Eurovision, one of the best nights of the year, and absolutely ruined any chances of sex tonight. Sunday: Still felt fragile today. Spent most of the day exhausted and not eating, but was perkier in time for dinner. I was still not feeling quite right for penetrative sex, but I was feeling relatively frisky, and he was overtly horny. So as a compromise, I took my top off and made out with him while he jerked off. That’s something we’ve done a few times before now when I’m not in the mood to go all the way. Monday: Today I was feeling better, but it was another busy workday for both of us – barely any time to think about anything, sex included. I went to yoga after work while he cooked and sulked a little over the football not going his way. Alas, no action tonight. We were both too fried to even watch TV. Tuesday: Tonight, after another house viewing with the boyfriend, I went to a last-minute gig with our flatmate. One of our friends has just had a baby, and while we are of course so thrilled for her, we both chatted about how much we love the freedom of being child-free at this point in our lives. The question of kids is a sticking point in my relationship that comes to mind from time to time. I don’t know if I want them, but he does. My mother certainly doesn’t help. Her desperation for me and my sister to have kids as soon as possible is constantly palpable, and if anything, counter-intuitive. Why can’t she just relax and let me make up my own mind? My boyfriend on the other hand never puts any pressure on me. I know if I did decide to open my womb up for business, we’d make a fantastic team and he’d be a wonderful father. We’ve had very serious chats about The Kid Issue before and our conclusions have been that we are super into each other and we don’t want to be apart, so we can only wait and see and examine our feelings as the years go by and our relationship progresses. But this line of thinking is already making me a little anxious. For now, I’m thrilled to have had a beer in my hand, listening to some band I’ve never heard of in the middle of the sweaty summer city. Wednesday: Another intense day at work. Surprise surprise. The boyfriend was out playing football until late tonight, and our flatmate was out at a gig, so I relished having the place to myself for a bit. I cooked for my partner and myself, then zoned out in front of the TV with some Häagen-Dazs. He got home tired from the game, so after he ate we caught each other up on our days. He went to bed early, and I watched TV, basking in my crush on Kristen Stewart. *Name has been changed Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk MORE : How I Do It: ‘I can’t remember the last time I had sex – now I’m dating myself’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I came out of a 20-year relationship and started swinging – this is my week in sex’ MORE : How I Do It: ‘I make X-rated content online – here’s a week in my sex life’