One of the UK’s most wanted men has been arrested in Portugal after trying to fly there from Turkey on a fake passport. Alex Male, 29, is wanted in connection with a series of drug offences, including conspiring to acquire a firearm. The Somerset fugitive had been on the run in the Marbella area of Spain, but was detained at Lisbon Airport on Saturday, the National Crime Agency (NCA) said. He is said to have arrived in the Portuguese capital on a flight from Turkey, where he had been refused entry. The NCA had added Male, from Weston-super-Mare, to its most wanted appeal in January. He is accused of being a regional distributor of class A drugs across the south west of England, buying and selling them using an EncroChat encrypted communications network. NCA international liaison officer Phil Robinson said: ‘Male naively believed he could travel across international borders using fraudulent documentation and remain undetected by law enforcement. ‘But he underestimated the vigilance and expertise of the Turkish border police, which enabled the Portuguese authorities to act. ‘Any arrest of a fugitive is a fantastic result, even more so since Male had only recently been added to our most wanted list.’ Mr Robinson continued: ‘He is wanted in connection with dangerous crimes, which have a devastating impact on communities, so I’m delighted he has been caught. ‘We continue to work with our international partners to close the net around fugitives, no matter where they are.’ As well as attempting to acquire a firearm, Male is alleged to have conspired to supply cocaine and ketamine and laundered money, as part of drug dealing activity between April and June 2020. He had been on the run after failing to follow to the bail restrictions imposed following his arrest. Male remains in custody in Portugal and will now face extradition proceedings. Detective inspector Adrian Hawkins, of the South West regional organised crime unit, said: ‘Male will now be returned to the criminal justice system in the UK to face the charges he ran away from. ‘This is an example of international law enforcement working together to ensure justice can be done and demonstrating there is nowhere safe to hide.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Drug dealer caught when he lit a joint right outside police station