Selma Blair has opened up about her struggles with alcoholism in her new book, Mean Baby. The Cruel Intentions actress spoke candidly about her childhood, her multiple sclerosis diagnosis and her lowest points in her memoir, which is on shelves this month. In one particularly troubling chapter, the 49-year-old detailed the time she got drunk when she was just seven years old, explaining that no one was keeping an eye on her alcohol consumption at the time. In the pages, obtained by People Magazine, the actress spoke of drinking in her childhood and the impact this had on her. ‘The first time I got drunk it was a revelation. I always liked Passover. As I took small sips of the Manischewitz I was allowed throughout the seder a light flooded through me, filling me up with the warmth of God,’ she penned. ‘But the year I was seven, when we basically had Manischewitz on tap and no one was paying attention to my consumption level, I put it together: the feeling was not God but fermentation. ‘I thought “Well this is a huge disappointment, but since it turns out I can get the warmth of the Lord from a bottle, thank God there’s one right here.” I got drunk that night. Very drunk. Eventually, I was put in my sister Katie’s bed with her. In the morning, I didn’t remember how I’d got there.’ Selma wrote that she would just have ‘quick sips’ in her first years of drinking, when her anxiety would ‘alight’, and soon became an ‘expert alcoholic’ who was ‘adept at hiding’ her secret. Speaking to the outlet about her past, the Legally Blonde actress explained that she isn’t sure that she ‘would have survived childhood without alcoholism’. ‘That’s why it’s such a problem for a lot of people. It really is a huge comfort, a huge relief in the beginning. Maybe even the first few years for me because I did start really young with that as a comfort, as my coping mechanism,’ she added. Selma previously made headlines when she shared an in-depth look at her life with MS, following her diagnosis in 2018. The condition can affect the brain and spinal cord and cause a wide range of potential symptoms, including problems with vision, arm or leg movement, sensation or balance. Last October, she released a documentary on her health, titled Introducing Selma Blair, which gave viewers a glimpse into her experience of undergoing life-altering stem cell treatment in order to kick-start her immune system, to the slow and painful flare-ups of the disease and invasive chemotherapy. When revealing her diagnosis on social media, Selma said she initially struggled to get doctors to take notice, and had been suffering with flare-ups since the birth of her son in 2011. ‘I have #multiplesclerosis. I am in an exacerbation. By the grace of the lord, and will power and the understanding producers at Netflix, I have a job. A wonderful job,’ she said at the time. ‘I am disabled. I fall sometimes. I drop things. ‘My memory is foggy. And my left side is asking for directions from a broken GPS. But we are doing it. And I laugh and I don’t know exactly what I will do precisely but I will do my best. ‘I have probably had this incurable disease for 15 years at least. And I am relieved to at least know. And share [sic].’ MORE : Dragons’ Den star Steven Bartlett’s dream guests on podcast include Boris Johnson and Elon Musk: ‘What would his diary look like?’ MORE : Rebekah Vardy cries in witness box as she’s questioned amid Coleen Rooney Wagatha Christie court case 