Liverpool beat Chelsea on penalties for the second time this season to win the FA Cup and keep their quadruple hopes alive. The 141st FA Cup final ended goalless despite Marcos Alonso and Christian Pulisic going close for the Blues and Luis Diaz and Andy Robertson almost scoring for the Reds in normal time. Chelsea captain Cesar Azpilicueta and Blues academy graduate Mason Mount both missed from the spot and Kostas Tsimikas scored the decisive penalty in a dramatic 6-5 penalty shootout win at Wembley. Sadio Mane had the chance to clinch the trophy for Liverpool after Azpilicueta’s effort hit the post but he was denied by his Senegal teammate Edouard Mendy. At that point the momentum in the shootout appeared to be with Chelsea but Liverpool’s remaining penalty-takers kept their cool and Alisson saved well to deny Mount before Tsimikas stepped up and sent Mendy the wrong way. Liverpool, who also beat Chelsea on penalties in the EFL Cup final earlier in the season, secured their eighth FA Cup trophy and first under Jurgen Klopp. After winning both domestic cup competitions, Liverpool have moved a step closer to an unprecedented quadruple as they chase Manchester City for the Premier League crown and look ahead to a Champions League final against Real Madrid. Chelsea’s defeat marks the end of a underwhelming season, with Thomas Tuchel’s side failing to mount a title challenge and suffering agonising defeats in both the FA and EFL Cup finals. They are also the first team in history to lose three consecutive FA Cup finals. Klopp made five changes to the side that beat Aston Villa in midweek, with Mohamed Salah, Ibrahima Konate, Robertson and Thiago all returning and Jordan Henderson replacing the injured Fabinho. It was just the one change for Thomas Tuchel following Chelsea’s 3-0 win at Leeds United, with Thiago Silva slotting back in. Kai Havertz, who scored the winner in last season’s Champions League final, missed out with a hamstring injury. Liverpool dominated the early exchanges and Diaz twice found space down the left to trouble Chelsea, with Mendy denying Klopp’s January signing following a brilliant through ball from Trent Alexander-Arnold. Chelsea’s first chance came courtesy of Pulisic; Mount found the American star with an inviting cross but his effort drifted narrowly wide. Having deterred Liverpool’s early onslaught, Chelsea continued to threaten Alisson’s goal, with the Brazilian shot-stopper called into action to smother Alonso as he raced through on goal. Liverpool were dealt a blow before half-time as Salah, currently leading the Golden Boot race, was forced off with a groin injury. It remains to be seen whether he will be fit for his side’s two remaining Premier League games or the Champions League final against Real Madrid. Both teams went close to breaking the deadlock on the stroke of half-time; Salah’s replacement Diogo Jota failed to keep down a volley from Robertson’s cross and Romelu Lukaku swung an effort wide. If Liverpool dominated the opening stages of the first half, the opposite was true as the second half began with Chelsea going close through Alonso before Pulisic was denied by Alisson. Alonso then struck the bar with a speculative free-kick that appeared to catch Alisson by surprise, but Liverpool threatened themselves when both Diaz and Jota saw shots fly just wide of Mendy’s right post. With less than ten minutes remaining, Liverpool came within inches of scoring as Diaz and Robertson hit either post, with Robertson’s miss particularly galling for Reds fans as the final went to extra-time. Chances were few and far between in extra-time and several players – including Virgil van Dijk – made way as this gruelling and absorbing encounter reached its climax. Penalties were required to separate these sides in February’s EFL Cup final and today’s showpiece event went the same way, with Liverpool coming out on top again and Greek defender Tsimikas emerging as the unlikely hero. ‘I couldn’t be more proud of my boys, the shift they put in, how hard they fought,’ Klopp said. ‘It was another incredible final, we are mentality monsters.’ Tuchel, meanwhile, said: ‘Like in the last final, I have no regrets. I told the team I was proud. It could have gone our way but it wasn’t to be.’ For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 