Tom Parker’s widow Kelsey has revealed her trepidation at attending her first event since he died after battling brain tumour. Kelsey, 32, took to her Instagram story to tell her followers she was heading to Ireland for a close friend’s wedding, where Tom was supposed to be an usher. Tom died at the end of March at the age of 33 after battling a stage four glioblastoma brain tumour since 2020. Kelsey admitted it was going to be a difficult weekend without The Wanted star, as she told her followers: ‘Hey guys, so I have just got to Ireland today. I’ve come to Ireland for my best friend Ruth Ann and Ollie’s wedding. ‘Yeah, this is gonna be a really weird weekend for me, obviously it’s gonna be a little bit bittersweet, because Ruth and Ollie are getting married, obviously it’s going to be the best day of their lives. ‘I’m super happy for them, but Tom was meant to be here this weekend, he was meant to be an usher.’ She added: ‘It’s gonna be the first event, wedding, that I’ve actually been to without him being with me. So yeah, this weekend is going to be a tough one.’ Kelsey and Tom shared two children, daughter Aurelia, two, and son Bodhi, one, and Kelsey revealed that she believes she gets ‘signs’ from Tom since he died, letting her know he is ok. She explained during a recent appearance on Loose Women that the pair had discussed him giving her signs after his death. Kelsey revealed: ‘He has given me so many signs… car alarms go off at four in the morning, I tell him “not at four in the morning Tom!”’ Sharing another touching moment she got, Kelsey revealed: ‘I was sitting there on this bench, crying, when I looked up and this feather fell down from the sky.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Tom Parker memoir reveals ‘huge knock to confidence’ after X Factor rejection that stopped him singing MORE : Tom Parker reveals Ed Sheeran helped pay for his cancer treatment in autobiography after his death: ‘His support meant the world’ 