Vladimir Putin is now thought to have survived at least six assassination attempts during his 22 years in charge of Russia. The most recent is thought to have been carried out at the start of his invasion of Ukraine. News of the latest attempt emerged yesterday during an interview head of Ukrainian military intelligence Kyrylo Budanov. He said an attempt had been carried out by ‘representatives of the Caucasus’ – a region including Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and parts of southern Russia. ‘This was not in the public domain. A completely failed attempt but it really did happen about two months ago.’ ‘Once again, he was unsuccessful. There is no publicity about this event, but it took place.’ It is not clear who was behind the attack or where it took place, but it is certainly not the first time someone has tried to take the tyrant’s life. He is now thought to be so paranoid about another attempt that he has surrounded himself with a team of elite snipers who travel everywhere with him. Their job is to keep an eye out for any rival snipers and take them out before they can pull the trigger. Earlier during the invasion of Ukraine, Metro.co.uk told how Putin was isolating himself more and more as grew more fearful of being betrayed by his inner circle. He employs a team of people to taste his food for him in case it is poisoned, while he has the water tested for chemicals several times a day before his morning swim. With speculation of a coup mounting in Russia, Putin will want to make sure he can trust his security team now more than ever. In 2017, the dictator told filmmaker Oliver Stone there had been five assassination attempts against him. He explained that the only reason he is alive is because he deals with his own security personally. Putin recalled a conversation he’d had with former Cuban president Fidel Castro, who was said to have survived over 600 assassination attempts during his time. He said: ‘Yes, I talked to Castro about that and he said to me: “Do you know why I’m still alive?” “I asked him, “Why?” [Castro said] “Because I was always the one to deal with my security personally”. ‘I do my job and the security officers do theirs and they are still performing quite successfully,’ he said in the documentary ‘The Putin Interviews’. The exact number of assassination attempts against Putin has not been confirmed, but here are the ones we know about since coming to power. In 2000, Ukrainian security services foiled a plan to kill a leader of the Commonwealth of Independent States (formed after the fall of the Soviet Union’. That leader turned out to be Putin, who attended the group’s summit in Yalta with the leaders of Armenia, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Georgia, Moldova, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan, and Ukraine. Russian media said authorities were informed from abroad about a plot to kill Putin and arrested four Chechens and ‘several persons from Middle East countries’. Earlier that year, on February 24 – one month before he was first elected president – Putin was saved from an assassination attempt at the funeral of Russian politician Anatoly Sobchak. The was reportedly thwarted by the Federal Guard Service. Its press secretary Sergei Devystov said that ‘not a psychopath but a certain organisation was behind the attempt’. During a state visit in 2002, an Iraqi man was attested for allegedly plotting to kill the Russian leader. The suspect was said to have had links to Afghan and Chechen rebel forces and planned to deliver explosives to a co-conspirator. But security forces learned of the plot before it could be put into motion and arrested the man and his accomplice. They were each sentenced to 10 years in prison. In November 2002 another plot was foiled, this time right by the centre of the Russian regime. Putin was meant to be driven along the motorway near the Kremlin while a group of people claimed they were installing new signs. Just an hour later, media reports emerged that 40 kilos of explosives set to detonate along the road had been found. The devices mysteriously disappeared and the Russian president’s car was re-routed. Even now, Kremlin officials remain tight-lipped over the plot, refusing to comment on it and even denying that it happened. In October 2003, two would-be killers were arrested by British anti-terror police, scuppering an attempt to kill Putin. A source told the Sunday Times that two men, aged 40 and 36, were held by police and returned to Russia after being released without charge. A source told the Sunday Times that one of the men was a former Russian secret service hitman. The former agent reportedly knew a senior Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) officer who would provide information about Putin’s movements abroad. This was allegedly being used to form a plot to shoot Putin with a sniper while on a foreign visit. Details had been passed to police by former FSB officer Alexander Litvinenko, a former FSB officer who had defected to Britain three years previously. Adam Osmayev was paraded on state TV half naked and with injuries as he made supposed confession to plotting to kill Putin. The plot was foiled in 2012 after he was captured by special forces in the Black Sea port of Odessa, Ukraine. On his television appearance, the so-called ‘terrorist’ said: ‘Our goal was to go to Moscow and try to kill Prime Minister Putin… Our deadline was after the Russian presidential election.’ Russian security services previously said  Osmayev was a ‘graduate of a prestigious institution of higher learning in Great Britain’. They also said he was from a prominent Chechen family which was strongly opposed to Putin, the Sun reports. Two suspects were arrested by Ukrainian special services after an accidental explosion at an Odessa apartment in January 2012. The blast killed a third alleged terrorist named Ruslan Madayev. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.    