Okay, so you’ve read up on your star sign’s horoscope for the month of June, and have a pretty good sense of what’s to come. But have you considered all the specific astrological events in June that could throw a spanner into the works? Probably not. The good news is that knowledge and preparation is power, and knowing what’s on the way will give you a guiding hand through these choppy astrological waters. Plus, you’ll have a sneak preview of the special, cosmically charged, days lying ahead. When you match up your actions to power days on the calendar you can enjoy a boost of positivity and good fortune to the end results you’re looking for. So, which days do you need to be aware of this month? We break it down… At last, the dreaded Retrograde is over, so everything in the world of travel, communication, and business returns to an even keel. If you’ve been holding off booking a big trip, having a tough conversation or doing a major deal at work… you can now rest easy and get on with it, without fear of the Retrograde gremlins scuppering you. No sooner has Mercury turned direct then Saturn goes Retrograde, which means for the next few months (till October 22), you need to re-assess your duties, obligations and responsibilities objectively and with a cool head. Don’t let people pressure you or hen-peck you into agreeing to doing things you don’t want to. At the same time, don’t shirk pulling your weight. Keep the balance! Mercury enters Gemini which means all things travel, communication, education and business are going to be blessed with an extra dose of va va voom and good fortune. You will find that the right words come easily, that the deals go smoothly, and the pitches are received with success. So, go out on a limb and expand your horizons. Learn, teach, travel, pitch, apply and push yourself. Full Moons are always a time for reflection, completion and analysis rather than action or beginning something new. Sagittarius is a sign of abundance and good fortune and maybe you can think about how you can improve your luck in the coming two weeks. What lucky breaks you need to happen, and how you could (come the next New Moon, i.e. June 29) step closer to fortune and make your own luck. This is a great turning point in the year, as the days start to become shorter once again and the sun’s power begins to wane. In Celtic times, fires would be lit across hilltops, and people stayed up all night in order to watch the sunrise. It was a time of carnival, dancing, candlelit processions and festivities. Spiritually, this festival is about achievement and attainment, celebrating all that you have sown and reaped, having reached a peak and feeling abundant with what you’ve got in life. Hold a solstice party with those you love and like, and toast each other’s successes. As Venus moves into Gemini, this means it’s a great time (over the next few weeks) to have a heart to heart with your loved ones about anything you need to get off your chest or iron out. You will find the right words, lay on the correct amount of charm coupled with directness and honesty. Everyone will seem to be in the mood to talk. Go for a woodland walk and look for fairy houses, doorways, toadstool rings, and dairy dust! Leave a little offering in your garden, of sweet treats, to tempt them to visit your home for a dance in the moonlight. If you have children, tell them a story about fairies. Neptune goes Retrograde until December, so this outer planet is taking its time. This Retrograde will strip away your illusions and facades, helping you to see the truth of things, as they really are. Anything that you have projected or suppressed will come to the foreground and allow you to see it in its reality. Let this stripping away unfold. Use your new insight and perspective to adjust your outlook. New Moons are the time of the month to initiate changes, embark on new beginnings, activate something inspiring and fresh. When this happens in the sign of Cancer it’s time to look at your home front and activate something new and interesting there, for your family or loved ones, or just to make your home feel that little bit safer, nicer, warmer and cosier. Cancers love to nest. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the week of May 29 to June 4 – and Saturn retrograde MORE : ‘Weather whiplash’ can wreck your sleep – here’s how to fix it