A dad is behind bars after breaking his friend’s jaw in an alcohol-fuelled ‘frenzied and violent attack’ over a comment about his children’s behaviour. Shaun Warner, 29, lashed out at Michael Young at Trecco Bay caravan park in Porthcawl on June 26 last year after downing nine pints of lager. Mr Young suffered several fractures to his jaw, nose and hyoid bone in the attack as well as permanent nerve damage. Warner, from Treharris, south Wales, was found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm with intent following a trial. A sentencing hearing at Cardiff Crown Court on Friday heard Warner took offence to a comment made by Mr Young’s partner regarding his children. The pair initially wrestled and pushed each other but the situation calmed down after security staff threatened to have Warner removed from the site. Prosecuting, Josh Scouller said: ‘The two men stayed up drinking while the children (and partners) went to bed. ‘Mr Warner reignited the argument about the comment made about his children. ‘Mr Young asked if they could deal with it in the morning but the defendant punched Mr Young to the face whilst holding an e-cigarette.’ After being knocked to the floor Mr Young was repeatedly punched and kicked in the body and ‘stamped on at least twice’ the court heard. ‘Mr Young felt his jaw crunch on the second stamp and he lost consciousness,’ Mr Scouller said. Following the attack, Mr Young woke up in intensive care at the University Hospital of Wales with multiple fractures, cuts and bruising to his face. In a victim impact statement, he said the attack had led to long term negative consequences, including problems eating and drinking thanks to permanent nerve damage sustained in the incident. Mr Young said he had also been forced to take four months off work while he recovered. ‘My personal life has been affected and I don’t go out drinking and socialising,’ he added. ‘I’m fearful of being assaulted if I go out and I suffer from depression… I struggle to sleep and I am a shadow of my former self… I am fearful of Shaun and do not wish to see him again.’ Mitigating, Stephen Thomas said Warner was remorseful and accepts his behaviour was ‘wholly unacceptable’. He described the defendant’s actions as ‘an outburst of drunken violence’ after losing control. The court heard he had previous convictions including affray, common assault and using threatening, abusive, insulting words or behaviour. Warner was sentenced to five-and-a-half years imprisonment, minus 128 days served on tag. He was also made subject to an indefinite restraining order. Sentencing, Judge David Wynn Morgan said: ‘This was a frenzied and violent attack which resulted in grave injuries.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.