A British man has died in Spain after falling more than 50ft from the seventh floor of a hotel in Magaluf. The 34-year-old was said to have died instantly in the fall at the South Beach Hotel early on Thursday morning. Emergency services including ambulances, local police and the Civil Guard rushed to the scene before the man was declared dead there shortly after 8.30am. A Civil Guard spokesman said: ‘The dead man is a 34-year-old British man. The incident is very recent and there’s not a lot we can say at the moment as the investigation is ongoing.’ A well-placed source close to the case said: ‘He plunged from the seventh floor of a hotel called South Beach in Magaluf. ‘We think he may have been drunk at the time because of the way he was acting before the incident but it really is too early to say for sure what has happened here. ‘At the moment it is being treated as an accident rather than a crime although the dead man is thought to have been with other people when this drama occurred.’ An autopsy to officially determine the man’s cause of death is expected to be carried out later on Thursday. It is not yet clear if he was staying at the hotel where the incident occurred. The accommodation is a designer four-star Melia hotel overlooking Magaluf beach. It has four pools and a spa with a sauna and Turkish bath as well as an elegant beach club. TripAdvisor describes it as an ‘ideal place for stylish vacations’. The fall comes after local government chiefs in the Balearic Islands and British diplomats urged UK holidaymakers not to fall foul of tough rules designed to stamp out drunken tourism. Many all-inclusive resorts have imposed a six-drinks rule for alcoholic beverages in a bid to reduce drink-related anti-social behaviour. Fines also remain in place for banned practices like balconing, the Spanish term used where people try to jump from their balconies into swimming pools or put their lives at risk by climbing from one outside balcony to another. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.