If you’re still working from home as a result of the pandemic, you will know just how important it is to have a space in your home dedicated to work. With the boundaries between home and work life becoming increasingly blurred, more people than ever are investing in home offices – but space is an issue for many. However, you don’t have to have a spare bedroom or enough space in your garden to build an outdoor office, as one savvy mum discovered. Lexie Lewis, 40, a mum of one from Kent who works in admin, was fed up with her work spilling into her bedroom. So, she decided to transform a tiny cupboard into a home office. Repurposing old Ikea units and decking planks, Lexie got her separate home office, and she did it all without spending a single penny. ‘I downsized into a two-bed house and had to try and squeeze everything into my bedroom,’ Lexie told money-saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK. ‘I didn’t like having the computer and paperwork in there because it looked too cluttered. The cupboard is at the top of the stairs and seemed to be a good fit for everything.’ To transform the space, Lexi used two standing Ikea Lack units that she already had and then cut lengths of decking planks that a previous tenants left in the garden to make the shelves. ‘I put everything in and drilled a hole through the wall into the bedroom for the extension lead and plugged everything in,’ she explains. ‘I would say you could use any strong wood for the shelving, it doesn’t need to be overly neat as once things are on the shelves you don’t see them.’ Another piece of advice from Lexi is to check out Facebook Marketplace, Gumtree and ebay for IKEA units, as there are often some for sale. ‘I absolutely love it now it’s done, my bedroom is much more spacious and it only cost me my time,’ she says. ‘It was completely free to build as I had everything already. ‘I’m really chuffed with it. It’s great to work in, I just have to mind my knees when I sit down!’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why are we in a DIY culture boom? MORE : People share how they transformed their bathrooms on a budget using DIY MORE : How to tackle ‘wasted-time worry’ – and why we need to