Tom Hiddleston has spoken about how ‘meaningful’ he hopes it was for fans when Loki came out as bisexual in his Marvel series, saying that it was ‘important to all of us’. Last year, the actor returned as the Asgardian God of Mischief in his eponymous Disney Plus show, meeting his match in the form of Loki variant Sylvie (Sophia Di Martino). In episode three, the pair are discussing their love lives when Sylvie asks ‘Must’ve been would-be princesses or perhaps, another prince?’, to which Loki replies: ‘A bit of both. I suspect the same for you.’ Fans were ecstatic over the exchange, as while he was confirmed as bisexual in the Marvel comics, the scene marked the first reference to his sexual orientation in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). In a new interview, Tom, 41, explained that when he was asked to reprise the role, they ‘wanted to retain the integrity of the character’ and ‘wanted to make sure we didn’t lose the bits that people loved, while doing something new’. Speaking to The Guardian, he added: ‘I also hope Loki coming out as bisexual was meaningful to people who spotted it. It was a small step, and there’s further to go. But it was definitely important to all of us.’ After the episode of Loki aired, the director of the show, Kate Herron, opened up about how important it was to her to acknowledge his sexual orientation. ‘From the moment I joined @LokiOfficial it was very important to me, and my goal, to acknowledge Loki was bisexual,’ she said on Twitter. ‘It is a part of who he is and who I am too. I know this is a small step but I’m happy, and heart is so full, to say that this is now Canon in #mcu #Loki.’ A promo video released ahead of Loki’s launched confirmed that the character is gender-fluid in the MCU, as he was referred to as such in a file created by the Time Variance Authority. While several of the Marvel shows on Disney Plus are believed to be limited series, the post-credits scene for the finale of Loki confirmed that it would be back for season two. Loki is available to watch on Disney Plus. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Moon Knight costume designer reveals Easter Eggs for Layla’s Scarlet Scarab finale look hidden in series and the attention to detail is outstanding MORE : Moon Knight star Oscar Isaac improvised key moment of episode 6 finale post-credits scene with Jake Lockley 