With last night’s Met Gala firmly on our minds, we are being drawn towards all things opulent. Defined as sumptuous and luxurious, opulent dressing was all over the Met steps. With ‘Gilded Glamour and White Tie’ being the theme of the festivities, it is no surprise that opulence was the flavour of the night. From embellishments to ruffles to blinding metallics, the stars took the theme and ran with it. And with weddings and events filling our calendars over the coming months, we are looking to the fashion extravaganza for inspiration. Thankfully, our favourite online stores are aiding our opulent aspirations. ASOS Edition provides fashion forward options at a slightly higher price point and whatever your style, there is something there for you. We especially love the green sequin and feather mini dress that will suit all forms of summer nuptials. Meanwhile, Zara, Rixo and Sister Jane are doing opulence in serious style. Unfortunately, to emulate the style of this year’s Met Gala, you will have to spend a little more, but remember, these are dresses you will wear forever. Whatever the occasion, whatever the month, they will always make a statement. And that’s what opulence is all about. Here are nine of our favourite pieces to buy now. Get it for £195 at ASOS. Get it for approx £474 at LoveShackFancy. Get it for £39.95 at Zara. Get it for £79 at Sister Jane. Get it for £120 at ASOS. Get it for £130 at ASOS. Get it for £199 at House of CB. Get it for £489.86 at Revolve. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Met Gala 2022: Kim Kardashian only wore original Marilyn Monroe gown for a few minutes before swapping to replica MORE : Met Gala 2022: Cara Delevingne nearly frees the nipple as she goes topless in dazzling gold body paint MORE : Blake Lively offers another incredible look as she steps out for Met Gala after-party