Two Land Rover adverts which showed cars teetering over the edge of a cliff have been banned from television. The promo clips showed the new Defender model reversing towards the edge of a sheer drop. Company bosses hoped to show off the £45,000 vehicle in a dramatic ad in which three are seen being driven around rugged terrain. The cars are filmed driving off a boat into shallow water, speeding over sand dunes and even withstanding being inundated by a waterfall. But a portion meant to show off the reverse parking sensor feature has falled foul of advertising rules. The cars can be seen reversing up to the edge of a sheer drop on a steep incline, stopping inches before the precipice. Two viewers complained, pointing out the sensors would not work in that scenario because they can’t detect empty space. Jaguar Land Rover defended itself after an investigation was launched by the  Advertising Standards Agency, saying the ad was meant to show the cars locking on to a boulder near the edge of the cliff. But the watchdog rejected the company’s explanation and have ordered the ad be pulled from screens. The ruling read: ‘We considered the ads focused on the reversing feature and included a scene with an in-car camera view. ‘The camera was shown in “on-road” mode and the sensor beeped as the vehicle approached the edge of the cliff over which the car would fall if the brakes were not applied. ‘Although some small rocks were visible as the vehicle reversed, they appeared to be incidental to the scene and we considered it was not obvious that the parking sensor was reacting to the rocks rather than the edge of the cliff. ‘We considered some viewers would therefore interpret that to mean that the car’s parking sensors could recognise when drivers might be reversing near a drop, which might include a smaller hill edge or a drop before water found in “on-road” areas, both in urban and more rural settings. ‘Because we understood the car’s parking sensors reacted to objects behind the vehicle, rather than to empty space such as a drop, and the rocks were not sufficiently prominent to counter that interpretation, we concluded that the ads misleadingly represented the parking sensor feature.’ Jaguar Land Rover said in a statement: ‘We are very disappointed with the ASA decision to uphold this complaint in the UK as the vehicle, technology and the scene represented is factual, but we will of course abide by their ruling which was based on only two complaints.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.