Saving a deposit sometimes calls for a lifestyle change and for Shenez Bhogal, a media buyer/planner, and her husband Hycham Tarras, who works in IT sales, it meant quitting their rental flat in Shepherd’s Bush and moving in with Shenez’s mother. The couple wanted to buy before the stamp duty holiday tapered to an end last September. ‘It definitely forced us to speed up the process,’ says Shenez. ‘Instead of waiting for Hycham’s commission to come though, as originally planned, we tried to find a way to buy before the stamp duty holiday ended.’ Their determination certainly paid off as over two years they’d accumulated £30,000, which was more than enough for a down payment on a two-bedroom flat with a balcony at Fairview’s Regency Heights development in Park Royal. They were also able to use the Help to Buy scheme, which enables purchasers with a 5% deposit to borrow up to 40% of the cost (20% outside London), so they only need a 55% loan-to-value mortgage when taking out the maximum loan. This makes home ownership far more attainable, and has the bonus of giving new buyers access to better mortgage deals than when borrowing more. The loan is interest-free for the first five years, and doesn’t have to be repaid until the home is sold. Help to Buy is currently available on selected new-builds costing up to £600,000 in London, while lower price thresholds apply across the rest of England. However, the scheme ends next March. Shenez and Hycham love the Regency Heights’ fast transport links – it takes around half an hour to get to King’s Cross where Shenez works – and the surrounding green space, including a lake. ‘The beautiful lake was one of the key reasons we chose Regency Heights. My husband is a country boy and I’m a Zone 1 city girl, so it was a was a good compromise on location,’ says Shenez. Their home is much bigger than their previous flat and, thanks to using Help to Buy, their monthly mortgage payments are £800 less than they used to pay in rent. ‘The whole process was very easy as our lawyer guided us through everything,’ adds Shenez. ‘Our advice to those thinking about buying a first home is to go with your gut instinct.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : An expert reveals the ‘four Ps’ of property investment you need to know MORE : Woman transforms home with DIY makeover and adds £70,000 to the property’s value