A married police officer admitted to having sex with someone he was spying on while undercover. Former home secretary Theresa May established the Undercover Policing Inquiry (UCPI) in 2015, after independent reviews found ‘appalling practices in undercover policing’. This included how common it was for undercover officers to ‘trick women into having sex with them’. Recent UCPI hearings have been looking at the Metropolitan Police’s undercover Special Demonstration Squad (SDS) – which used to help the Crown Prosecution Service investigate protest groups, often left wing activists. Last autumn, the UCPI heard about the behaviour of several SDS officers between July 1968 and December 1983. One of the five anonymous officers who gave evidence, named as HN21, spoke about his infiltration of the Socialist Workers Party at the end of the 1970s and start of the 1980s. HN21 said he got to know an unnamed woman after meeting her frequently at the group’s evening classes. The officer claims the woman was not an activist and described her as ‘apolitical’. HN21 said he ‘alluded to his backstory but did not go into detail’ when introducing himself to her. The pair are said to have had sex while using contraception twice – six or seven months a part. They also ‘kissed and cuddled’ on other occasions. ‘Like most SDS undercover officers [HN21] was a married man,’ the counsel to the inquiry, David Barr QC, said in transcripts released on Monday. HN21 reportedly ‘expressed regret about what he had done but could not explain why he did it’. Initially HN21 said he ‘doesn’t really know’ why he made those decisions. But he went on to explain: ‘It was a particular time and place, which was slightly surreal. And there were occasions when you were deployed that became surreal. ‘It became unreal. You forgot about what your actual work was, and you started to relax, which is really dangerous. That’s when things go terribly wrong. ‘So I regret from a personal point of view, from my upbringing, and also from a professional point of view, but it was a weakness, which I regret. ‘It was me not being professional, and not following what I should have done.’ Mr Barr added: ‘HN21 knew what he did was wrong, and said that he did not tell anyone.’ The UCPI has tried to track down the woman HN21 said he had sex with but they have not been able to find her. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.