A bungee jumper aims to complete bounce one every 200 seconds for 24 hours from tomorrow as he attempts to set a new world record in Scotland. Frenchman Francoise-Marie Dibon said he believes the ‘stars are aligned’ for his bid to break the world record for the highest number of bungee jumps within a 24-hour period. The 44-year-old, who says he was afraid of heights as a youngster and struggled to dive from the side of a swimming pool, has travelled to Scotland to attempt to break the record currently held by New Zealander Mike Heard, who completed 430 jumps in one day from Auckland Harbour Bridge in 2017. Francoise-Marie is to make his attempt at the Garry Bridge, near Killiecrankie in Perthshire, which is operated by Highland Fling Bungee. To break the existing record, he will need to complete a bungee jump roughly every 200 seconds (3 minutes 20 seconds). A Guinness Book of Records adjudicator from London will be on hand, while he will be assisted by a team of jump masters, who will operate round the clock in four-hour shifts. Mr Dibon, who was raised in Paris and now works as an actuary in Stockholm, will jump through the night, taking small rest breaks and micro-napping – a skill he says he has taught himself. Speaking ahead of his attempt, which will start tomorrow morning and continue until 24 hours later on Wednesday, he said: ‘We have been thinking about this for the last five and a half years, with ups and downs and some road-blocks on the way. ‘It takes a lot of trained staff to do something like this. ‘Then the pandemic happened and the travel restrictions made it difficult for me to travel from Sweden to Scotland. ‘Now the karma is good. The stars are aligned.’ While he said he was the ‘jumper of the team’, he stressed the record attempt was a collective effort. ‘Without me, there is no record – without the team, I will do only one jump,’ he said. The Highland Fling Bungee team, meanwhile, have made technical adjustments to their winched retrieval system to accommodate the world record bid. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.