Rebekah Vardy reportedly cried in court amid her libel trial against Coleen Rooney, with the case coming to a close on Thursday. Vardy is suing Rooney for libel after Coleen accused her of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life in October 2019 following a months-long ‘sting operation’ which saw Rooney dubbed ‘Wagatha Christie’. The WAG, who’s the wife of footballer Jamie Vardy, was also reportedly seen hugging solicitor Charlotte Harris as the legal battle concluded. Barrister Hugh Tomlinson told the court how Vardy had suffered ‘public abuse and ridicule’ as a result of Rooney’s infamous Wagatha Christie Instagram post. He said of the post: ‘There was no urgency whatsoever. ‘Mrs Rooney could have blocked Mrs Vardy and made contact with Mrs Vardy to ask for her views, or she could have waited until after Mrs Vardy had given birth. ‘She did neither and failed to give any proper or reasonable consideration to the possibility that the activity could be happening from Mrs Vardy’s account without Mrs Vardy’s knowledge. ‘The publication of the post to millions of readers was, in the circumstances, wholly unfair to Mrs Vardy who should have been given an opportunity to comment and explain her position in advance.’ He added that the trial has ‘been a great burden on her for two and a half years and she was cross-examined in an aggressive fashion over a considerable period of time.’ David Sherborne, Rooney’s lawyer, said: ‘It is what she believed at the time… and it is what she believes even more so now that we have got to the end of the case. ‘She finds herself at the end of a seven-day libel trial, and for what?’ Vardy attended the end of the High Court trial on Thursday, however the Rooneys did not appear for the first time due to a ‘long-standing travel arrangement.’ The pair now face a wait to find out the results of the trial. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lizzie Cundy compares ‘waste of money’ Rebekah Vardy and Coleen Rooney trial to Deborah James’ fundraising efforts MORE : Rebekah Vardy flees courtroom after Coleen Rooney’s lawyer tells court WAG ‘deliberately’ deleted ‘incriminating’ evidence 