With the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee on the horizon, the country is set to be celebrating en masse. But from party outfits to food and drink, the cost of all this revelry can soon add up. To help lighten your financial load, loyalty app Swapi is offering shoppers the chance to win prizes worth £1,500 ahead of the royal event. One lucky winner will get their hands on everything they need for a fun-filled summer, in the form of vouchers for the following stores: Give your home a revamp ahead of guests’ arrival at The Range and Not On The Highstreet, before refreshing your own look at Boohoo and Harvey Nichols. Your rides will also be covered, and there’s even some left over for a holiday. To be in with a chance, just download and sign up the Swapi app for free. All new users will be entered into the giveaway, which closes at 11.59pm on Sunday June 5. The big winner will then be contacted with the good news. Even if you don’t get lucky this time, there are plenty of reasons to have Swapi at hand when you’re out and about. The app allows you to input your various loyalty cards and keep them in one place – certainly a win for those of us whose wallet is already laden with rarely-used cards. As well as making it easier, users earn Swapi points as well as their regular loyalty bonuses, which can be exchanged for exclusive rewards like free coffees, gift cards, and discounts. You can also register your debit card for rewards from your everyday purchases. Some brands will offer special deals with Swapi where you can earn extra points. This weekend, for example, you’ll get up to 10 points for every pound you spend with Fitflop, or 5 points per pound at Boots. It’s free, simple, and gives you the chance to win a prize fit for a queen. Download Swapi now to be entered into the Jubilee giveaway draw. This article contains affiliate links. We may earn a small commission on purchases made through one of these links but this never influences our experts’ opinions. Products are tested and reviewed independently of commercial initiatives. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : This amazing dogs-only festival has a pet hotel, canine contests and even a spa MORE : John Lewis launches clothes renting platform for kids to help parents cut costs