Nick Knowles has opened up about the upset he feels when people criticise his girlfriend, Katie Dadzie and their 27-year age-gap, as she is not in the public eye. The DIY SOS presenter, 59, has been dating Katie, 32, for around eight months, and finds it ‘unfair and upsetting’ when people assume she is dating him for the wrong reasons. After images of them enjoying a PDA in the street emerged, Katie faced trolling from strangers, which prompted him to hit back to defend her. Explaining why the comments riled him up so much, Nick told The Sun: ‘I choose to be on TV. As a result, I expect the whole nine yards. ‘I am up there as an object. I’ve chosen to be on TV but my children, or my family, or people I date, for them I feel it’s unfair to have a go at them.’ Nick wrote on Twitter at the time: ‘I’m raging. The woman I was out to dinner with when we were papped is 32, has degrees in two subjects, runs 3 businesses, is a mother of 2, is wealthier & more successful than me & is intelligent & independent unlike the abusive trolls attacking her. What happened to #bekind?’ He ‘felt he needed to say something’ after strangers judged Katie without knowing her or ‘what her motivations might be’, which Nick found ‘upsetting and unfair’. Nick added: ‘By all means have a go at me, I’m there to be shot at verbally on social media and the rest of it because of what I’ve chosen to do as a living. But it feels a bit unfair to have a go at people I care about.’ He believes the issues arise because people have the view that TV presenters are arrogant and believe their own hype, whereas he has the opposite outlook and believes he needs to prove people wrong. Nick and Katie have been dating since August 2021 after reportedly meeting at their children’s playgroup some time earlier. The DIY SOS presenter has four children, three of whom are adults, while Katie has two kids of her own. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Nick Knowles’ past romances as DIY SOS star, 59, packs on PDA with girlfriend Katie Dadzie, 32, on date night MORE : Nick Knowles, 59, defends ‘intelligent and independent’ girlfriend, 32, from ‘abusive trolls’ 