Asking For A Friend is series where we answer the questions that you’ve always wanted to ask. After the birth of her first child, Carol*, now a mum-of-two, struggled to form an immediate connection with her daughter. ‘I feel like I failed her in many ways in those first few years,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. ‘I really struggled to connect with her because she was born after I lost my first baby at 20 weeks. ‘My mood was generally low and I could get snappy at the simplest of things, which in turn made me feel even worse.’ After her second child, Carol says, she was much kinder to herself, but she realised that she wasn’t a ‘mumsy mum’. ‘I struggled to get down to the floor and play, and avoided soft play venues at all costs,’ she says. But does this make Carol a bad mum or, as she put it, a failure? According to CBT Therapist and founder of Conscious and Calm, Navit Schechter, it’s actually fairly common for a mother to struggle to form an immediate bond with their child. ‘Like all relationships, the attachment we create with others can be immediate or unfold over time,’ she tells Metro.co.uk. According to Navit, there are many reasons why a mother may not be able to emotionally connect with their child from the off, ranging from postnatal depression to having a traumatic birth or pregnancy or even certain types of medication. ‘Difficulties in your current life and relationship or any past or current mental health issues can also affect how you’re able to connect with your baby,’ she adds. ‘Having your own baby can also trigger memories of your own childhood and re-ignite unresolved traumas that affect your relationship with your baby.’ But, Navit maintains, it’s normal to experience a chasm between how you expected you’d feel post-birth to how you actually feel – and those expectations can be even more damaging. ‘Often a mother’s expectations of what it would be like and how she would feel having a baby doesn’t match her reality,’ she says. ‘This can feel distressing, triggering the body’s threat system and making it harder to feel feelings of love and connection with their baby (and others).’ Like with Carol, many mothers may feel like there is something wrong with them for not bonding with their baby immediately, and this can wreak havoc on their mental health, whether it’s feelings of depression, guilt and anxiety or intrusive thoughts about harming themselves or their baby. ‘These symptoms can create a vicious cycle, making it hard for mothers to bond with their baby and look after their other children and exacerbating the negative thoughts and distressing feelings,’ says Navit. But can failing to form an immediate bond really have a lasting impact on a child? According to Navit, in most cases, the answer will be no. ‘It is known that babies need affection and connection as it influences their experience of feeling safe and social, emotional and cognitive development,’ she says. ‘Many mothers worry that their lack of connection can create long-term issues for their child and this can exacerbate the distress they feel and maintain difficulties in bonding. ‘However this is not necessarily the case. ‘With the right support, most women will fully recover and will be able to form good bonds with their babies.’ Over time, Carol has learned to be kinder to herself and has happily bonded with both of her children. ‘You’re not always going to get it right through parenthood,’ she says – but that doesn’t make you a bad person. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Asking For A Friend: Can you be in love with two people at once? MORE : Asking For A Friend: Why do I keep getting UTIs? MORE : What is gentle parenting – everything you need to know