Today is all about reflection. Whether this is with a friend, or by yourself, it’s time to recalibrate in order to move forward. Look out for that inspiring conversation coming your way, Cancer. Leo, get whatever is troubling you off your chest. Chat to a friend and you will feel better. It’s time to declutter, Aquarius. You never know what you might find in the process. Ahead, you’ll find all the star signs’ horoscopes for May 6, 2022. Read on for your forecast. March 21 to April 20 You may become introspective as Mars moves deeper into your spiritual sector. This isn’t your usual style, as you’re often the life and soul of the party. For now, you might feel the urge to reflect on areas where you could do better. Be kind to yourself and don’t pressure yourself to succeed. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aries April 21 to May 21 From working hard to playing hard, the cosmos encourages you out and about as the emphasis on your social zone continues. The weeks ahead look promising, with uplifting events. Another delightful aspect encourages healing through discussion. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Taurus May 22 to June 21 The weeks ahead can be your time to shine. With key planets in a prominent sector, you’re heading onwards and upwards. It’s time to link with others on your wavelength who share your goals. A timely Mercury-Venus link could encourage you to get moving on a personal dream. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Gemini June 22 to July 23 A conversation could inspire you to try something new, and it might be the best thing you do for yourself. If a friend is already involved, you’ll have someone who can walk you through the initial stages. On the job front, don’t ignore your instincts if they tell you to pursue an opportunity. Dare to go for it. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Cancer July 24 to August 23 You may feel like keeping a matter to yourself and why not? However, if something is really bugging you, a coffee and a chat with a friend could prove very comforting. In addition, if you have an event to attend, you’ll warm to someone you meet and might be keen to see them again. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Leo August 24 to September 23 As Mars in Pisces encourages cooperation and companionship, its influence hints at a balanced view of life and other people. This trend can be good for relationships and social life. Plus, with the planet of talk and thought aligning with Venus, a conversation could lead to a business chance. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Virgo September 24 to October 23 Feel an urge to get organised so you can be more productive? Gathering your thoughts could be a good place to start. You’ll get a lot more done if you know what your priorities are. Yet you may easily be distracted, as someone might tempt you away on an outing. Don’t feel guilty, just enjoy it! Head here for everything you need to know about being a Libra October 24 to November 22 The cosmos urges you to be playful, creative and expressive. And relationship options may be on the cards too. You could get along with someone so well, you’ll feel instantly at home with them. This aspect suggests a potential romantic bond or supportive friendship. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Scorpio November 23 to December 21 Life has a personal and homely quality that can see you spending more time with family, working on domestic projects and enjoying relaxation when possible. Keen to give your place a stylish makeover? Be practical. Cost it out first, rather than be too ambitious for your own good. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Sagittarius December 22 to January 21 The days ahead usher in a positive phase. You may be more eager to network, engage with friends and family, and get acquainted with developments in your local area. Have ideas to enhance your presence on social media? The coming weeks can see you making a big splash and doing well. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Capricorn January 22 to February 19 In the mood to declutter? You could unearth a treasure that is worth much more than you think. If you have the slightest doubt, then it may be worthwhile getting it valued. There’s also a lovely Mercury-Venus tie that can add an upbeat and friendly vibe to any outing. Head here for everything you need to know about being an Aquarius February 20 to March 20 Purchasing items for a gathering or home project? The positive Mercury-Venus link suggests shopping around as you could get deals that you’ll be very happy with. The continued presence of Mars in your sign can give you the courage to do something you’ve been putting off. Head here for everything you need to know about being a Pisces Your daily Metro.co.uk horoscope is here every morning, seven days a week (yes, including weekends!). To check your forecast, head to our dedicated horoscopes page. To order your unique personal horoscope based on your time, date and place of birth, visit patrickarundell.com Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Your star sign’s tarotscope for the month of May MORE : Which star signs clash the most - these are the ones to avoid MORE : Your star sign’s tarot horoscope for the first week of May and Venus’ move into Aries