In 1952 the home was very much the haven of the housewife — women who seldom worked in paid jobs after marriage and took huge pride in their most personal domain: particularly the kitchen. By that time, servants had for the most part become a thing of the past, but many middle-class married women had home ‘help’ who popped in a few times a week — or even on a daily basis — to assist with cleaning or perhaps the more tedious jobs, such as polishing the silver. Here, with the assistance of Robert Opie from the Museum of Brands, we take a look at the styles and trends of the time which continue to influence design today. Fitted kitchens had by then made their entrance to the UK home, claiming to be the last word in style. Most kitchens had a cooker, but the fitted style was a big departure from the clumsy and outdated segregated units of the 1930s and 1940s. Indeed, it began the trend for integrated kitchens that is still in vogue today. Colours were bright pastels — think mint green, strawberry pink and turquoise. Floors were likely to be in a striking pattern in linoleum — reinvented and remarketed. Black and white checks were particularly popular, aping café society, as was a dramatic red and white colour scheme, inspired by the colours of Coca Cola which had its promotional heyday in the 1950s — Elizabeth Taylor’s ex Eddie Fisher had a musical TV show called Coke Time, and in 1950 a bottle of Coke became the first product to grace the cover of Time magazine. Even refrigerators began to come in a range of colours by the end of the decade. Such was the pride that housewives took in their kitchens that ads featured appliances as suggested gifts for husbands to give their devoted wives on birthdays or at Christmas. Housewives were excited by the new range of detergent washing powders. Dreft had arrived in 1937 and Tide in 1950, next was Surf in 1952. Later it was Daz and Omo, and the losers were Oxydol and Rinso. Persil (1909) endured with its ‘amazing oxygen washer’. The most common way to keep food cool was the pantry or larder, with a cold shelf where butter, milk and cheese were stored. Rationing was still in place until 1954 and sugar, butter, cheese, margarine cooking fat, bacon and meat were still in short supply. But tea rationing ended and the launch of Tetley tea bags — a new concept in convenience. When the last ration was ended, on meat, in 1954, an association of housewives partied in Trafalgar Square — some even buried their ration books in mock funerals. The Minister of Fuel apparently set his on fire. The biggest food brands in 1952 remain some of the most successful today: Heinz tomato soup, for example. Breakfast cereals had been a staple through the Forties — Shredded Wheat, Kellogg’s Corn Flakes, Rice Krispies, Force and Weetabix — which is the leading breakfast brand today. The buzzword was ‘instant’ with instant puddings and coffee reflecting an optimism about the future — the trend was to have new furniture and fittings and a life of convenience. Monday was washing day in most households and it would take most of the day for a family of four. Those fortunate enough to have a washing machine would use a tub with a ringer on top. This had to be filled from the tap. After the clothes had been washed, they were lifted out of the hot water with large wooden tongs, then fed through the ringer. Unless you were lucky enough to have a ‘wash-house’ the machine would be based in the kitchen which would fill with steam as first the whites were washed, then the coloured clothes as the water cooled. There were no tumble driers so in the winter or when it rained, clothes were hung on clothes horses or airers around the fire on in the kitchen, often the warmest room in the house. Those with a backyard, or garden, could hang their washing outside on dry days pinned to the clothes line with wooden pegs. The first UK launderette opened in May 1949 in London — it was coin-operated. In the late 1950s and 1960s they gained popularity, but they have failed to compete with modern facilities at home. When the clothes were dry the ironing would begin. Many housewives had an electric iron — a far cry from the old flat irons that had to be heated on a range. But there was no mechanism for damping the clothes. One woman recalled that her mother’s early model was plugged into the ceiling socket of the light bulb with a special adapter, which often led to fuses blowing. Modern fridges were invented in the 1920s but were hugely expensive and until the 1950s had very much been the preserve of the wealthy. When the Queen became monarch it was extremely rare for people to have a fridge at home. Many people who were children at the time remember putting milk bottles outside on the windowsill to keep them cool as late as the 1960s. ‘We used to call the ice patterns on the frozen windows, Jack Frost,’ says Robert Opie, founder of the Museum of Brands, in London. There was little in the way of frozen food (fish fingers didn’t make their debut until 1955) as few people could keep them frozen and most women shopped daily at local greengrocers, butchers and bakeries. Electric kettles were introduced as an alternative to stovetop kettles in the late 19th century. But they were quite primitive and the heating element was stored in a separate compartment underneath the water storage area. The design was inefficient, even compared to the conventional stove-top kettles of the time. In 1922 Bulpitt & Sons of Birmingham designed a more efficient model but it was not until 1955 when the newly founded Russell Hobbs brought out its stainless steel K1 model as the first fully automatic kettle. The design was so efficient, and so popular, that it was later widely adopted by other manufacturers. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : What I Rent: Debs, £870 a month for a two-bedroom house in Colchester, Essex MORE : Map shows where Platinum Jubilee celebrations are taking place in London MORE : Newly enhanced images of the Queen show her younger self in full colour