Kirstie Allsopp has praised Amanda Holden after the Britain’s Got Talent judge defended her on the first live show of the week. Amanda was quick to share her love for the TV star last night following a scathing impersonation of Kirstie by contestant Suzi Wild – and Kirstie was keen to return the love. During her performance, comedian Suzi – who was eliminated following the first semi final – made a jibe about the TV star relying on a ‘trust fund’ to get to where she is. Her very on the nose joke had the studio audience in fits of laughter, since it related to comments Kirstie made about young people that sparked backlash, as she mentioned them being unable to buy homes, when she comes from a middle class background herself. ‘This just goes to prove you can get by on talent, tenacity and a trust fund,’ Suzi joked, before making a quip about Kirstie throwing diamonds in the bin. Following her routine – which also included impressions of Adele, Lorraine Kelly and Stacey Solomon – Suzi received heaps of praise from judges Simon Cowell, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams. Amanda added: ‘I always feel sad about Kirstie Allsopp, I have to say, because I love Kirstie Allsopp.’ Fellow judge Simon made a shocked expression in response, before Amanda pointed at him and declared: ‘I love Kirstie Allsopp, don’t even pretend. Everyone knows I love Kirstie.’ Taking to Twitter after the show, Kirstie wrote: ‘I adore @AmandaHolden always have, she’s gusty, funny and, it turns out loyal.’ However, she wasn’t best pleased with the joke, it seemed, and vowed to investigate further. ‘I gather some of the silly lies printed, but then deleted, by the ST & @thetimes are perhaps being repeated by a @BGT act? I will look into this tomorrow,’ she continued. The TV presenter then clarified to a fan: ‘I am super spiky about repetition of things I never said, never minded imitation before but If think someone is saying I don’t care about people I’ll admit I can’t see the funny side.’ But when another follower pointed out that the joke made wasn’t mean-spirited but rather ‘a lovely, talented impressionist’ and she shouldn’t be ‘too upset,’ Kirstie concluded: ‘Okey dokey, I’m going to view this as a positive.’ Sadly, Suzi missed out on a spot in this year’s BGT final, which takes place on Sunday, despite her perfect impressions. The winner of Monday’s semi final was busker Maxwell Thorpe, who blew everyone away with a powerful operatic performance. Joining him will be ventriloquist Jamie Leahey and his sidekick Chuck the chicken, whom the public vote sent through over magician Junwoo. The live shows of Britain’s Got Talent 2022 got off to an electrifying start, with other performances from David’s Golden Buzzer act Born To Perform, and a terrifying magic trick from The Witches which saw a live rodent crawling across the judges’ desk. There are still plenty of places up for grabs for the final, but who will secure that spot on the bill for the Royal Variety Show? Britain’s Got Talent returns tonight at 8pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Lucy Mecklenburgh announces birth of baby girl with fiancé Ryan Thomas MORE : BGT’s Jonathan Goodwin shares uplifting video from field in wheelchair: ‘Never assume you can’t do something’ 