A 10-year-old boy has created a game called ‘Splat Putin’ to raise money for Ukrainians. Gerry Cameron’s family say the initial idea – of having players chuck poo at the Russian President – was rejected by Apple on the grounds that it was ‘mean-spirited’. But now the year five schoolboy, who has been considering making his own app for a while, has launched a more refined version of the game on both the Apple and Android phone stores. The Hertfordshire youngster was talking to his dad Harvey, 53, about the war when he decided to help out and has already raised hundreds of pounds. After considering a few ideas, he settled on the Splat Putin concept, before Mr Cameron contacted a software developer, who they met several times a week to create the game. On April 12, after a month of hard work, Gerry launched his app, in a slightly more polite form than the earlier ‘Poop on Putin’ plan. Gerry, from Cheshunt, explained: ‘I love technology and gaming and I thought this would be a good time to make a game that can help people in Ukraine. ‘Watching my idea for a game come to life has been a really fun experience.’ Instead of lobbing faeces at Vladimir Putin, Gerry attempted to meet the app store’s guidance with a toned down version involved monkeys throwing bananas at him. Since creating a Splat Putin Facebook page a week ago, Gerry has racked up more than 10,000 followers. Proud dad Mr Cameron said: ‘This was all his idea we just helped him facilitate it. He really wanted to raise some money and this seemed like the best way to do it. ‘His creativity has really blown us away and his determination to get the app completed and launched on the most effective platforms has been so impressive. ‘We’ve had constant zoom meetings and consultations with the developer to get here but now it’s finally ready and it’s doing really well.’ Gerry’s ambition is to raise $1million for a Ukraine charity, which he plans to achieve through advertising on his app and purchases. Currently the game is free to download, but if players want to play without advertisements, they have to pay 99p to do so. So far Gerry has raised between £600 and £1000, but he is yet to decide which charity to donate the earnings to. He has won praise from his school where students and staff have also been fundraising for the crisis. Gerry added: ‘It seems to be doing really well which I’m very pleased about – I can’t believe I have 10,000 subscribers on Facebook. ‘I have more ideas for other games in the future and I can’t wait to share them with the world. ‘But at the moment I am just focusing on growing Splat Putin and earning as much as I possibly can to help the Ukrainian people.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page. MORE : Russians who speak out about Putin ‘can be raped’