Prince Harry and Prince William are working to fix their relationship ahead of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, sources claim. The once-close brothers are reportedly having FaceTime video calls with their children every week, as well as messaging over WhatsApp. It’s believed this has developed into them being ‘back on their old buddy terms’ ahead of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex’s long-awaited arrival in London. Ever since Harry married Meghan in 2018 and the two exited the Royal Family two years later, the brothers have been dogged by persistent rumours about a rivalry and feud. A source told the Mirror: ‘The brothers needed time for everything to settle down. ‘The family, including William, had been disappointed in the way Harry and Meghan chose to leave the Royal Family. ‘But now there is a strong feeling that what happened is in the past and that they have moved on. They added: ‘It seems that the two of them have healed the rift and are very much back on their old buddy terms.’ Their partners Meghan Markle and Kate Middleton are understood to have not joined the video calls to give the brothers one-on-one time. According to the source, Meghan’s distance from Kate has also helped heal the friction between the two men. Earlier in May, the Sussexes confirmed they will attend the commemorations for the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee, adding they were ‘excited and honoured’. Their announcement was made minutes after Buckingham Palace revealed the couple will not appear alongside the Queen on the royal balcony for the Trooping the Colour. News of Harry and William’s healed relationship will surely serve as relief to the 96-year-old monarch. Last month, she welcomed Harry and Meghan with open arms in Windsor – the first time the California-based couple had been to the UK in two years. The Queen is expected to spend time privately with great-grandchildren Archie and Lilibet, who she has not met yet. This would be a particularly special weekend as Lili’s first birthday is on June 4 and she is also yet to meet Prince Charles and other members of the family. To mark the occasion, Harry and Meghan will throw a small party at their Windsor home Frogmore Cottage. The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are not expected to attend due to prior engagements. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.