Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz have eased into married life seamlessly as they enjoyed a causal dinner out after their glamorous Met Gala appearance. The newlyweds dined at exclusive eatery Carbone in Miami Beach, with Nicola wearing jeans and a floral halter neck top while Brooklyn looked similarly laid back in a pair of jeans and a white T-shirt. The couple, who were joined for dinner by Nicola’s billionaire father Nelson, wowed fans on the red carpet at the Met Gala last week, where the pair wore matching plunging necklines as part of their stunning ensembles. Brooklyn donned an off-white suit and sheer shirt and Nicola looked chic in a fuchsia strapless gown, both in line with the theme Gilded Glamour and the strict white tie dress code. The couple also gave a glimpse of their flashy wedding rings, with Brooklyn’s diamond band said to be worth between $40,000-$50,000 (£31,800 – £39,700), with each diamond around 0.7 carats for approximately 6.5 carats in total. Details about Nicola’s wedding band haven’t been released, but her engagement ring is an emerald-cut diamond solitaire, thought to be five carats, on a band of platinum or white gold, and worth around £350k. Meanwhile, their star-studded $3million (£2.3m) wedding was held last month at Nicola’s family’s sprawling £76m estate in Palm Springs, Florida with the whole Beckham family present. Former footballer David was Master of Ceremonies, while his other sons Romeo and Cruz acted as Brooklyn’s groomsmen, and several of Nicola’s best friends appeared as her bridesmaids. Brooklyn’s 10-year-old sister Harper Beckham was a Flower girl. Glittering guests included tennis stars Serena and Venus Williams, Desperate Housewives actress Eva Longoria, TV chef Gordon Ramsay, and Victoria’s Spice Girls bandmates Mel B and Mel C. Since they became husband and wife, the pair have been delighting fans with glimpses inside their married life with cute Instagram snaps, including one of Nicola enjoying watching Brooklyn playing golf. They have yet to go on their European planned honeymoon due to work commitments. Nicola is currently filming TV series Immigrant, co-starring Downton Abbey’s Dan Stevens, Eternals actor Kumail Nanjiani Yellowjackets star Juliette Lewis, White Lotus actor Murray Bartlett and Girls star Andrew Rannells. The drama tells the true story of Somen ‘Steve’ Banerjee (played by Nanjiani), the Indian-American entrepreneur who started Chippendales. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Newlyweds Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz are the image of domestic bliss as they shop at California luxury supermarket MORE : David and Victoria Beckham and family recover from Brooklyn and Nicola Peltz’s wedding festivities on £5,000,000 super yacht 