The Conservative Party is heading for a thrashing in the local elections as disaffected voters punish them over Partygate, a survey predicts. Labour are expected to hold 3,500 council seats – a gain of more than 800 – while those held by the Tories will fall by 548 to 980. It would be a terrible result for Boris Johnson, who has faced calls to go from both sides of the Commons after being fined over a lockdown-busted party at No 10. Today he appeared on ITV’s Good Morning Britain for the first time in five years and was asked if he’s a ‘liar’ for telling the Commons no rules were broken. Insisting he thought he was following guidelines at the time, the PM said: ‘I was inadvertently… I was wrong.’ International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan denied the idea that the elections for 201 councils are a referendum for the Prime Minister’s leadership. She told Sky News: ‘As ever with local councils’ elections, we’ll win some and we’ll lose some, that’s the nature of the beast anyway. ‘But what I think we will see is a really strong showing by Conservative voters who want to come out and demonstrate that they know that locally-run councils run by Conservatives are better.’ But many are seeing them as a barometer of his popularity, and his party getting pummelled could easily renew calls for him to step aside. Although many Tory rebels thought to be planning to oust Johnson are waiting for the publication of civil servant Sue Gray’s Partygate report as the moment to make their move. The latest research on results was carried out by  Electoral Calculus and Find Out Now, who interviewed 1,749 adults in the 201 councils going to polls on Thursday. It suggests the Tories are on track to lose some key flagship councils including Westminster, Wandsworth, Southampton and Thurrock. A vote share of 24% for the Conservative Party and 39% for Labour would mean the biggest advantage in local elections sine the mid-1990s. Electoral Calculus chief executive Martin Baxter told the Telegraph: ‘The renewed Partygate focus has made a poor situation for the Conservatives even worse by persuading even more Conservative supporters not to turn out at the local elections. ‘The results could now be bad for Boris Johnson, especially if the Conservatives lose many hundreds of council seats and key flagship councils like Wandsworth or Westminster.’ More than 4,000 council seats are up for grabs in May 5’s elections – including in all 32 London boroughs, Birmingham, Manchester and parts of the Red Wall including Bury. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.