Rebekah Vardy’s ex-husband has spoken out about the infamous interview in which she referred to Peter Andre’s ‘chipolata’, and denies having any involvement. During her tense High Court libel battle with Coleen Rooney this month, Vardy was quizzed about a newspaper interview she once gave to the News of the World about her alleged sexual encounter with Andre. In the interview, Vardy, 40, made disparaging remarks about Andre’s penis and compared it to a ‘miniature chipolata’. While giving testimony in the witness box, the former I’m A Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here star alleged: ‘I was forced into a situation by my ex-husband to do this. It is something that I deeply regret.’ At the time, Vardy was in a relationship with her boss at a timeshare company, Steve Clarke, who later went on to become her second husband. However, Clarke has vehemently denied having any involvement in setting up the interview or pushing Vardy to do so. ‘Becky said to me, “Oh look, I should tell them about Peter Andre”,’ Clarke told the Mail On Sunday, recalling the moment Vardy saw a News of the World request looking for people with stories about contestants in an upcoming series of I’m A Celeb. He continued: ‘I asked her why she would want to do that and she replied that it would be a bit of money for her and it would be funny. I told her she should do whatever she wanted to do.’ Clarke, 57, insisted his only involvement was driving Vardy to a photo studio for the interview in south west London, and agreed not to sit in on the chat to avoid potentially ‘influencing’ what his then-girlfriend would say. ‘I feel sorry for Peter Andre for what was said about him and now it’s time I spoke out,’ Clarke said. In a 2017 interview with The Sun On Sunday, Vardy – who is now married to Leicester City footballer Jamie Vardy – alleged that Clarke had become violent with her shortly after they got married. However, he now denies the allegations and said: ‘I was never abusive towards Becky, I was never controlling. She did what she wanted, when she wanted and I never raised a hand to her either. ‘The false claims against me have been upsetting me, my family and friends.’ In response, a spokesperson for the reality star said: ‘Mrs Vardy is all too aware of the harrowing truth about this individual and no amount of misogynistic victim shaming will change this.’ The court case centres on Rooney accusing fellow WAG Vardy of leaking ‘false stories’ about her private life to the media, after she said she carried out a months-long ‘sting operation’ in 2019. Their respective barristers gave their closing statements on Thursday and the judge will now give her verdict in due course. Metro.co.uk has reached out to Vardy’s rep for further comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Damian Lewis hugs friends at wife Helen McCrory’s memorial service a year after legendary actress’s death MORE : Denise Van Outen’s ex-fiance Eddie Boxshall admits sexting other women and was thrown out in ‘rage’ before split: ‘I’m embarrassed and ashamed’ 