Boris Johnson was investigated over just two lockdown-breaking gatherings, it has been claimed. Scotland Yard said yesterday it had issued 126 fines to 83 people in relation to events held at Downing Street and across Whitehall spanning eight separate days. The Prime Minister received just one fine alongside his wife Carrie and Chancellor Rishi Sunak. Mr Johnson was told by Scotland Yard he would only be investigated for a total of two lockdown gatherings, according to the Mirror. The newspaper claims a ‘limited probe’ was carried out by police as part of the four-month inquiry. Only two of the alleged six rule-breaking events were investigated – Mr Johnson’s birthday gathering on June 19, 2020 and a so-called ‘Abba party’ at his official Downing Street flat on November 13, 2020. Downing Street declined to comment. The conclusion of the £460,000 Scotland Yard investigation comes a week before the publication of Sue Gray’s long-awaited report into the events held at No 10 and Whitehall. Sources say the Prime Minister will have to respond to what the interim report brands ‘failures of leadership and judgment’ that allowed rule-breaking gatherings to take place. A Government spokesman said: ‘As we set out earlier in the year, steps are being taken to further strengthen the operation of both No 10 and the Cabinet Office so they are best placed to deliver for the public now and in the future. ‘Work to deliver these plans is ongoing.’ Downing Street said Mr Johnson will ‘talk in more detail’ about the scandal after the report is published. One veteran Tory MP said the threat of the official’s report and the current trouble over the Northern Ireland Protocol meant Mr Johnson was still not safe from a possible coup and no-confidence vote. Sir Roger Gale, a critic of the Prime Minister, told Channel 4 News: ‘I don’t think he is by any means out of the woods. ‘I still feel that there is a likelihood of a leadership challenge mounted before the summer recess.’ Yesterday, Acting Deputy Commissioner Helen Ball said police had carried out a ‘thorough and impartial’ investigation. She said: ‘When Covid regulations were introduced, the Met was clear that whilst we would not routinely investigate breaches of regulations retrospectively, there may be occasions when it would be appropriate to do so. ‘The information that we received with regard to the alleged breaches in Downing Street and Whitehall was sufficient to reach our criteria to begin such an investigation. ‘Our investigation was thorough and impartial and was completed as quickly as we could, given the amount of information that needed to be reviewed and the importance of ensuring that we had strong evidence for each FPN referral. ‘This investigation is now complete.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.