Kerry Katona has revealed she’s undergone surgery to reduce the size of her breasts by having implants removed, saying she’s excited to ‘join the itty bitty t**ty club’. In videos and pictures shared on her Instagram story, the former Atomic Kitten singer took her followers through every step of her journey ahead of her procedure and afterwards. Before heading into the operating theatre, the 41-year-old said that it was a ‘big day’ for her, explaining how she was previously a triple D in bra size, which she equated to being more like an E. Kerry hoped she would go down to a C or a D after having her implants taken out, piling gratitude on the clinic, Pall Mall Cosmetics, for the way they have looked after her. In one of the video clips, the singer and TV personality was all smiles while receiving a check-up before the operation, wearing a hospital gown while at the clinic. She admitted how nervous she was feeling, saying her mouth was ‘dead dry’, but then joked that she ‘should be used to this by now’ following her previous cosmetic procedures. ‘I’ve been sliced and diced that much I should probably give instructions,’ she quipped. ‘I’m like a flat pack from Ikea – that leg goes there, that t*t goes there.’ Afterwards, Kerry clarified to her followers that the operation took place on Friday, telling them that she is now ‘recovering very well’. Just over a week ago, the mum-of-five asked for her fans to send prayers after her mum suffered a heart attack. In a video posted on Instagram, she described the incident as a ‘huge scare’, explaining that she was unable to go visit her mother. ‘Just letting everyone know, for all of those who are not aware, my mum had a heart attack on Thursday,’ she said. ‘She is in hospital as we speak. She wanted me to let you all know that she’s doing okay. She’s in the best place for her.’ She added: ‘I’m in the middle of a tour at the moment so I can’t even go and see her right now but she’s alright, aren’t you mum? ‘Big scare, huge, huge scare and yeah – we’re all a little bit shook up by it. She’s in hospital, she’s in the right place.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kerry Katona reveals huge new tattoo and fans think it looks like a portrait of her bestie Katie Price MORE : Love Island’s Kaz Kamwi and Liberty Poole break silence after being held at knifepoint: ‘We’re all OK and that’s the main thing’ 