Volunteer police officers will soon be able to use Tasers in a move which will give them the same powers as their paid counterparts. Priti Patel is set to make the announcement tomorrow when she will give a speech at the Police Federation Conference, in Manchester. The home secretary is also expected to use the occasion to call for ‘higher standards’ in the police, arguing that the public is in ‘urgent need of reassurance’. The Home Office says there are currently 8,901 special constables in forces across England and Wales, who are fully trained and undertake the same duties as regular police officers. Allowing them to carry Tasers, if authorised by their chief officers, will ensure they are not ‘at a disadvantage when facing an attacker wielding a knife or a marauding terrorist’, the Home Office said. Special constables will receive the same Taser training as constables, with the deployment of the weapons remaining an operational matter for police bosses. Ms Patel is expected to tell the conference: ‘Human rights are not just for criminals, but the law-abiding majority. ‘And that means standing squarely with the police.’ However, the move to extend the power to carry Tasers to special constables has been slammed as ‘dangerous’. Oliver Feeley-Sprague, Amnesty International UK’s policing expert and a member of the independent advisory group to the National Police Chiefs’ Council lead on Tasers, has voiced concerns the weapons could be used on vulnerable people. He told LBC: ‘Arming volunteer officers is a dangerous expansion of Taser use and will inevitably lead to the increased firing of Tasers and more instances of misuse, serious harm and death from Tasers. ‘It’s our understanding that specials will be subject to a rigorous assessment prior to being selected to undergo Taser training, but arming volunteers who receive less training overall and do less hours on the job is a worrying erosion of safeguards over Taser misuse.’ Mr Feeley-Sprague said he was worried about who Tasers would be used on if they were deployed more widely, specifically ‘those with mental illness, children and their massive overuse on black people.’ ‘Tasers are potentially lethal weapons, linked to hundreds of deaths in the USA and a growing number in Britain, and we’ve always said that UK police forces needed to restrict their use to highly-trained specialist officers, trained on a par with officers carrying firearms,’ he added. Ms Patel is also set to use her conference speech to acknowledge that the public are in ‘urgent need of reassurance’ following the murder of Sarah Everard by a serving Metropolitan police officer. Former Pc Wayne Couzens was handed a whole-life term last year for the rape and murder of the 33-year-old, after he abducted her in south London on March 3 2021. The horrifying case was one in a series of scandals to hit the force which culminated in the publication of a report that detailed the racist, misogynist and homophobic messages shared by a group of officers based at Charing Cross police station. The home secretary is expected to make clear unacceptable behaviour in the force must be ‘rooted out and called out’, lessons learned and every necessary change made ‘without fear or favour’. ‘We need to work together to create a better culture and higher standards,’ she is expected to say. ‘Giving officers every possible support includes giving them the confidence to blow the whistle when things go wrong, so that we can root out misconduct and corruption. ‘The whole country was shaken and horrified by Sarah Everard’s abduction, rape, and murder by a serving officer. ‘This horrendous case – and other revelations – have undermined confidence in the police. The public are in urgent need of reassurance. ‘I am unequivocal that unacceptable behaviour must be rooted out and called out. Lessons must be learned, and every necessary change must be made, without fear or favour.’ The home secretary’s speech comes as ministers are set to update Boris Johnson on progress being made to tackle crime and restore confidence in the justice system. At a Cabinet meeting on Tuesday, the prime minister will reinforce that the critical role of any government is to protect the public, No 10 said. Speaking ahead of the meeting, Mr Johnson said: ‘While neighbourhood crime and serious violence is falling, the sad reality is that too many people are still growing up in communities blighted by criminals. ‘That is why this government is determined to crack down on violence and restore confidence in our justice system, in order to truly level up the country. ‘Through our Beating Crime Plan, we are putting thousands more police on our streets, getting tougher on violent criminals and cracking down on county lines drugs gangs – so that everyone can have the security and stability that comes from having safer streets.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.