A brand new kitchen can really do wonders for your home – but they don’t tend to come cheap. Buying new units and appliances can reach well into the thousands, and that’s even before installation and labour costs. But it doesn’t have to be this way. If your kitchen has seen better days but you don’t have a huge budget to transform it, take inspiration from this budget renovation by a savvy mum from the North East. Sarah Weds, 45, a carer and mum of two from Newcastle upon Tyne, transformed her kitchen from an uninspiring room into a gorgeously on-trend space full of stylish accents. She used budget materials such as tile stickers, vinyl floor tiles and B&M accessories to keep the costs down. The entire transformation cost Sarah under £800. ‘The council fitted a new kitchen in March 2020 just before lockdown,’ Sarah told saving Facebook group DIY On A Budget UK. ‘I decided it was my chance to get my kitchen just how I’d like it at last. I supplied my own worktops, oven and hob and the council fitted them for me. ‘I then got to work on painting the walls, fitting vinyl tiles on the floor and gradually buying my accessories. I made my own prints for the walls and used tile stickers for the splashback and behind the sink.’ The council fitted the new units and tiles, but Sarah also saved a lot by doing the decorating, floor, blinds and shelf, all by herself. She also shopped around for bargains in the sales from Amazon, ebay, B&M and supermarkets. ‘The vinyl floor tiles were £25 for 4 packs from Studio, the tile stickers for the splashback were £6.50 for 24 stickers from Amazon, the paint was £50 from Wilko, and the worktops were £90 for three metres from Wickes. ‘The oven, hob and cooker hood were £350 from Argos, the blinds were £60, made to measure and fitted by me from Blinds2go, the rug was £25 from ebay, the shelf was £40 from ebay, and the accessories were £100 from Tesco, B&M, Amazon and ebay. ‘In total, it cost me under £800. I’m so pleased with the finished results.’ Sarah has always had a keen interest for interior design, and she spends a lot of her spare time on Instagram getting inspiration – she also has a special DIY and renovation account – @interior_design_on_a_budget – where she shares photos and tips. ‘I enjoy being creative and trying out what different textures and designs go best together,’ she adds. ‘I love the boho style with a scandi mix thrown in. ‘I’m on a very tight budget so I try to hunt for bargains. B&M is a godsend! You can also pick up some bargains in the local supermarkets too, and keep an eye out for end of season sales. ‘I’ve been painting and decorating since I showed a huge interest while watching my dad when I was young. I was decorating my parents’ house from the age of 11. ‘I try to do most of the work myself wherever possible. I’ll try my hand at anything.’ There’s nothing Sarah won’t give a go, and one of her best pieces of advice is to keep a positive mindset wherever possible. ‘”I can’t do that” is not in my vocabulary,’ she says. ‘You save a fortune on labour by learning to do it yourself. ‘My next project is panelling a wall in my bedroom. I’ve just finished doing a scalloped wall in the spare bedroom.  I was really pleased with how much I saved – I love shopping for bargains.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Why Epsom is a great place to buy — and not just for racing lovers MORE : DIY couple transform their garden for just £200 MORE : Thrifty mum creates stylish DIY wall panelling in kid’s room for just £50