A mum claims she was ‘left for dead’ after being knocked unconscious by a van wing mirror which clipped her as she got into her car. Lisa Holloway, 49, said the vehicle’s wing mirror smacked her in the face and sent her spinning to the ground in Pelsall, Walsall. The van driver failed to stop following the incident which took place at around 5.50pm on April 19. Passersby rushed to Lisa’s aid and she was taken to hospital where she received treatment for her injuries before being discharged shortly before 1am on April 20. Lisa suffered a fractured cheekbone, bruising to her shoulder, jaw and chin and black eyes in the collision. The mum-of-two who runs her own hairdressing salon said the injuries had left her unable to work for almost 10 days following the incident. Recalling the moments before the collision, Lisa said she was getting into her car when she turned her head and saw the van. ‘When I turned my head to my left, to see if it was okay to open my car door, a van ploughed into me and his side mirror smashed me in the face,’ she said. ‘It spun me across the road and I was knocked unconscious. ‘It has rendered me not being able to work for a week. I am just coming back to work now part-time. It was quite a bad accident. It is a hit and run. ‘I am so lucky that it is only the injuries that I have got.’ Lisa said all she remembers about the vehicle, which she claims also struck her car, is that it was a ‘light coloured van’. ‘The driver must have heard a bang, and heard that they hit my car,’ she added. ‘I have got an old car but that is besides the point. No one seems to have got a registration.’ Lisa claims she ‘blacked in and out of consciousness’ after the driver hit her ‘full force, possibly for dead’. West Midlands Police confirmed it is investigating the hit-and-run but has not arrested anyone. However, Lisa has been critical of the force saying she has struggled to get updates on how the investigation is progressing. ‘The police are meant to be investigating but they have fobbed me off saying it has gone to a different department,’ she said. ‘I can’t get hold of anybody. It has been a week and I have had to chase them.’ A spokesperson for West Midlands Police said: ‘We were alerted to reports of a hit-and-run collision at the junction of Norton Road and Stackhouse Drive, Pelsall shortly before 6pm on April 19. ‘A woman in her 40s was taken to hospital to be checked over, she received treatment for an eye injury and was later discharged. The driver of the car failed to stop at the scene. ‘We’d ask anyone who may have seen what happened to please contact us via Live Chat on our website quoting log number 3084 of April 19.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.