A catcalling thug who catcalled a woman and knocked out her unconscious when she kicked his shin in fear for her safety has been jailed for 18 months. Adam Higginson, 32, and his pal began taunting Maeve Brooks as she walked home alone past a pub where they had been ‘heavily’ drinking in the Wirral village of Meols at around 11pm on June 12 last year. The pair shouted various ‘unwelcome’ remarks at her such as ‘hello gorgeous, come over here’ and ‘come over with us’, Liverpool Crown Court heard on Friday. But she told them to ‘get lost’ before ignoring them, prompting Higginson to become ‘more aggressive’. Judge David Potter said he then ‘shouted that she should take what was being shouted at her as a compliment’ and continued using ‘sexual innuendo’. ‘She understandably began to feel threatened by those comments’, he added. Ms Brooks, in her 30s, then confronted the pair, prompting a heated altercation in which he kicked Higginson. The 32-year-old responded by kicking her in the body, aftter which she began to retreat across the road, but he followed up with a heavy punch to the head. The punch ‘knocked her flat out onto the road surface’, the court heard, where she lay bleeding and unconscious while Higginson ‘jogged off’. Bystanders called paramedics, who rushed her to hospital where she was treated for a head injury and a 2cm cut to the side of her mouth leaving permanent scarring. Ms Brooks, who is now awaiting plastic surgery for the scar, said she was forced to take time off work, harming her business, and is now wary of leaving the house alone. Higginson admitted wounding but argued he was acting in self-defence after she supposedly kicked him in the groin – claims dismissed by the prosecution as ‘ludicrous’. Defending, Paul Treble accepted his client’s actions were ‘excessive’ but insisted they amounted to self-defence, arguing that CCTV ‘clearly’ showed Ms Brooks ‘run over and kick’ him. ‘The defendant doesn’t move away from his disgraceful conduct beforehand, but it’s clear the complainant chooses to come over to him from some distance to kick him. ‘Although the defendant is being verbally abusive and he should be ashamed of himself for that, the actual physical part was impulsive and spontaneous because he was kicked by the complainant. It was short lived because it was one punch.’ The judge accepted Higginson’s reaction was spontaneous and ‘thankfully’ short-lived but rejected the suggestion of ‘excessive self-defence’ on the grounds that Ms Brooks was retreating. He told Higginson: ‘When you struck the blow to her face it was, in the judgement of this court, a simple act of retribution and revenge for the slight she has caused you.’ The court heard how Higginson had 12 previous convictions for 28 offences, many of them violent, dating back to 2006. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.