The lawyer representing the prime suspect in the disappearance of Madeleine McCann has dismissed new evidence German investigators claim proves he killed her as ‘bulls**t’. On Wednesday, prosecutor Hans Christian Wolters told Portuguese TV journalist Sandra Felgueiras on the TV channel CMTV: ‘The investigation is still going on and I think we found some new facts, some new evidence, not forensic evidence, but evidence.’ Reports have suggested the evidence is fibres from the pyjamas that Madeleine was wearing on the night she disappeared. Convicted sex offender Christian Brueckner was declared a suspect in the case by Portuguese officials last month as a 15-year legal deadline approached, and he has been under investigation by German officials for two years. In the interview, Ms Felgueiras asked Mr Wolters: ‘Is it true that you found something belonging to Madeleine in the caravan of Christian Brueckner? You can’t deny it, can you?’ He replied: ‘I don’t want to deny it. We are sure that he is the murderer of Madeleine McCann. We are sure that he killed Madeleine McCann.’ But speaking to MailOnline, Friedrich Fulscher, who has been representing Brueckner since he was named as a suspect, said of the development: ‘This is bulls**t. ‘Listen to the interview, the prosecutor said they had new evidence, but he then says it not forensic evidence. ‘Are fibres not forensic evidence? For almost two years we have tried to access the Madeleine McCann files from the prosecutor so we can see the evidence but so far nothing. ‘The position is still the same, he denies any involvement and we will not be saying anything further until we see the files.’ Brueckner, who was identified as a murder suspect by German prosecutors in June 2020, has reportedly denied any involvement in the McCann case and has not been charged. Investigators believe the convicted sex offender killed Madeleine, then three, after abducting her from the holiday apartment. Earlier this week, Madeleine’s parents Kate and Gerry McCann said it is essential that they find out the truth, as they marked the 15th anniversary of their daughter’s disappearance. The three-year-old vanished during a family holiday to Praia da Luz, Portugal, on May 3, 2007. In July 2013, Scotland Yard launched its own investigation, Operation Grange, into Madeleine’s disappearance Detective Chief Inspector Mark Cranwell from the Metropolitan Police, who leads the operation, said: ‘Fifteen years on from Madeleine’s disappearance in Praia Da Luz our thoughts, as always, are with her family. ‘Officers continue to investigate the case and our dedicated team are still working closely with law enforcement colleagues from the Portuguese Policia Judiciaria as well as the German Bundeskriminalamt. ‘At this time, the case remains a missing person’s inquiry and all involved are committed to doing what we can to find answers.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.