A mother and daughter were left reeling after they were charged over £500 for a light snack and a couple of cocktails. Brenda and Keila Moulton had looked forward to spending an idyllic day on the famous Platys Gialos beach in Mykonos. But instead they were left scared and out of pocket. They ordered a couple of crabs’ legs and two mojitos at DK Oyster – setting them back €598.92 (£512). The pair, visiting from the US, were invited to sit on the restaurants deck chairs by a member of staff and they initially declined, but Brenda said the worker became more and more persistent. She said he told them: ‘Sit here, have a drink and you will have these sunbeds at your disposal for free. It is noon, there is no problem.’ They sat down, were handed a menu but not being hungry they ignored it – but the staff kept coming back. Brenda said: ‘We were constantly asked if we wanted to order something to eat. Keila and I were not hungry, but we decided to try something from the list, hoping that they would leave us alone.’ After sitting there for two hours they asked for the bill and were told they needed to go inside to pay a man at a table who told her to ‘sit down’. When she saw the bill she said she almost fainted, she told Thema. She said: ‘At first it was not detailed, because the paper did not show exactly what we had ordered. The guy asked me to pay almost €600 and I told him he could not, some mistake would be made.’ When she argued the bill he told her: ‘I will call the police. They will keep you here and you will not return to your homeland.’ DK Oyster insist that ‘absolutely no violations had taken place’ and their staff ‘do not threaten’ customers. Feeling threatened and scared, they paid, warning other tourists nearby about what had happened. They have reported the incident to police and instructed lawyers. DK Oyster said everything they sell was listed in a menu and all products have legal documents. They added: ‘The customer was charged this price because the royal crab legs are not a priced item and the costing is done according to their purchase invoice.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.