Eleven years ago, I was on my way out of Damascus to travel to the UK to study a Masters degree in Economics, when there was a skirmish at a checkpoint. At this point in the war, the frontlines were very fluid between the warring parties and to go to Lebanon I had to move between different areas of control. The checkpoint where it happened was on the frontlines, and was the scene of a firefight. Because I was close by, the soldiers manning the checkpoint started interrogating me. They found me suspicious as I was a young man from another area. I was terrified. It is normal for such checkpoints to pull you aside but it was really scary as everybody was panicked. Once they reluctantly let me go, they told me I wouldn’t be allowed to return. If I tried, they assured me I’d be shot. Unable to get to the UK, I couldn’t complete my studies or settle abroad. At the time, I had just graduated in economics at Aleppo University in Syria and I was looking forward to doing an MA in the UK. Now, I was stuck in the eastern Ghouta area of Damascus, which was completely besieged by the army. I was there for about a year. It was very difficult — everything was so expensive, food was scarce and regular bombings and shootings took place. It was horrible. As the situation escalated in 2013 and the whole district came under siege for 18 months. We lived in the shadow of death — surviving on the scraps of food we could find in the streets or the leaves on the trees. I was living in a friend’s empty house in eastern Ghouta, in the Damascus countryside. For many, this reality has not changed. Most of the people live on less than £2 a day. Prices are very high and job opportunities are hard to come by. People often skip meals to get by. Medicine is scarce, too — many rely on natural remedies for treatment. Eventually, in 2015, I managed to escape the enclave by passing the army checkpoints. I contacted smugglers to get me out; we had to endure long walks at night, sometimes bypassing whole towns in fields. The trip took around a month. The toughest part of the way was when we had to cross the Qalamoun mountain range. The trek was very difficult. But I continued moving through the rugged mountain terrain to reach Lebanon, then I moved onto Turkey, and back to Aleppo. In 2015, I started volunteering for Islamic Relief, mostly helping with the distribution of food parcels. I got to travel and get to know a lot of people from different areas. It was very pleasing to see people receive their parcels with a smile. But it wasn’t easy. I’ve had to leave my home many times to escape violence. The last time was because the military frontline between the opposition and the army was less than 2km from my house. I was forced to flee to a small village near the Turkish border. The last time this happened was in February 2020. Me, my family and everyone else in my village and the surrounding villages had to leave after the area was targeted by airstrikes and artillery. People in Syria are living with this uncertainty or having to be displaced again and again after escalations of violence, and not knowing when this could happen is a constant anxiety that only adds to the levels of misery and trauma. Today, I’m a programme officer for Islamic Relief in Idlib. I oversee food security, livelihood and education programmes, as well as helping displaced people living in tents to be given proper shelter by providing permanent houses, 50 of which we have helped to build in the last year. Everyday I visit the camps in Syria. Thousands of families from all across the country have been displaced and so many are living in tents. There is not a day that goes by when people are not asking me for lifesaving assistance such as medicine, food and shelter. I see orphans, hungry children, the sick and people without work; 11 years on, the situation is only getting worse with trauma affecting everyone, including the very young. Children under the age of 11 have not known anything else but this crisis and their childhoods have been scarred forever. I once saw young children in a camp scream when a motorcycle started close by because they thought the noise was a warplane. When we enter families’ tents to bring assistance, children turn around quickly — they’re anxious, alert and afraid. There is not a lot of mental health support for people who have experienced harrowing events. Right now, staying alive is the only thing people focus on. Recently, I met a mother in a camp in Idlib, who was displaced from her village with her five young children five years ago. Her husband died and now, without an income, she has to rely on aid agencies for food. She told me she suffers from inflammatory blood disease and needs medicine every 10 days. In the cold weather, they have nothing. She said her children need food, warmth, clothing, education and healthcare and her own illness makes her so weak that she struggles to take care of her children. She said one of the most difficult times during the day for her is when her children hear other children in the camp calling their dads ‘papa’. The impact is seen every day on the streets, where hundreds of children pick through rubbish such as cardboard and plastic to sell and feed their families. This has become an increasingly familiar sight. Aside from the devastating humanitarian crisis, one of my biggest fears is that funding and aid cuts will push Syrians struggling for food, medicine and shelter deeper into a catastrophe, on a scale not seen before. Many aid projects and funds have been stopped. In northwest Syria, more than a dozen charity hospitals have either shut down or downsized because of funding cuts, according to local groups. Health centres that are open here in the area can only cater for one million people but according to the UNOCHA the population in north west Syria is 4.4 million. Health is one of the biggest concerns — lack of food is creating malnutrition and there is little clean water, causing children to suffer from diarrhoea with a constant fear of a cholera outbreak. With the world closely focusing on the crisis in Ukraine, all we ask is that our humanitarian plight is also remembered and that financial support for programmes and healthcare continue to help ease the enormous level of suffering. The conflict has taken its toll on me. I’m a lot less able to focus now than I was before. I tend to forget things more easily. I’m always on the backfoot with my personal relationships because I’m a lot more suspicious now. My sleep is more easy to interrupt — a small sound tends to wake me up in the middle of the night for no reason. I don’t worry about my personal future as much as I worry about that of my children. The education they will have and their opportunities to travel. Their job opportunities, as well, will be limited here especially with the lack of official ID documents in this area. Many people ask me what keeps me going amidst this worsening situation and for me, the answer is simple. This is my community and my family and when you see people suffering, you want to be with them and make them feel that they are not alone. If I am not with them to help, who will? Find out more about Islamic Relief’s Syria appeal here Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. Share your views in the comments below. MORE : Why did Russia intervene in Syria? MORE : As a Syrian teenager, I was inspired by murdered British surgeon to become a doctor MORE : I worked in war zones for 20 years - this is what it was like