Harry Styles fans have been left devastated as tickets for one of the singer’s upcoming gigs are selling for £1500. The former One Direction star, 28, is celebrating the release of his new album, Harry’s House, with lead single As It Was skyrocketing to the top of the charts. As part of the celebration, the musician announced a special One Night Only gig in London’s Brixton Academy, and, as expected, tickets were in high demand. So high, in fact, that they sold out almost immediately following presale on May 10 and general sale on May 11. And in a hugely frustrating twist, tickets began popping up on resale site Viagogo the very same day. Tickets from the show are now being sold on to desperate fans, with most costing around £400 and some reaching up to a shocking £1500. The most expensive are for the circle section of the Academy gig, with an asking price of an eye-watering £1503, with the second-most expensive being £1053, followed by £848. Even the least expensive tickets are completely unaffordable to most, with the cheapest having an asking price of £394, followed by £404 and £411. Harry fans are raging at the injustice, with some insisting the tickets were bought by bots to allow touts to resell them and make massive profits. One furious fan took to Twitter where they shared photographs of tickets up for resale and told Ticketmaster there was ‘fat chance as usual of genuine fans getting @Harry_Styles Brixton Academy tickets.’ They added they were ‘all snapped up by bots and now on re-selling sites.’ Another disappointed fan called for anyone who was selling a ticket ‘that isn’t over 3 times the original price’ to let her know. ‘Who actually got a Harry Styles ONO Brixton ticket because all the tickets seem to be fone but I don’t see anyone who got one,’ another fan wrote. Ticketmaster is advising fans that as Viagogo is an unofficial seller they are not associated with, they ‘cannot be confirmed as real or valid tickets,’ however the company has not made any suggestion that the tickets would be cancelled. The One Night Only Brixton gig is set to take place on May 24, where the star will play brand new tracks from his upcoming album. It comes after another One Night Only gig due to take place in New York on May 20, the same date the album is released. It’s unclear whether there will be more shows added or whether New York and London will be the only ones lucky enough to get one night only with Harry. The musician and actor gave fans a taste of what to expect at his recent Coachella gig, where he premiered new songs Boyfriends and Late Night Talking, sending fans wild in the process. It’s not the end of the world for fans disappointed they won’t make it to the intimate 5,000-person capacity show in Brixton however, as Harry is bringing his Love On Tour shows to the UK this year. The tour will kick off on June 11 in Glasgow, with multiple UK dates scheduled across the summer. Metro.co.uk has contacted Tickemtaster and reps for Harry for comment. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Don’t Worry Darling trailer scene by scene breakdown: From shouting Harry Styles to *that* dining table moment MORE : Lizzo very confused by Harry Styles question on The One Show: ‘What did you say?’ 