A farmer fed up with rubbish being dumped on his land decided to confront the person whose name was on documents in the waste. When Clive Bailye, 49, discovered rubbish strewn on his farm near Lichfield, Staffordshire, on Thursday he decided to take matters into his own hands. Clive, who regularly has to remove fly-tipped waste from his land, turned detective and found letters addressed to Cllr Tom Loughbrough-Rudd among the rubbish. He then filmed himself returning the waste to the address on the letters, just half a mile from his farm. Mr Loughbrough-Rudd, an independent who sits on Staffordshire County Council, was at the property as Clive turned up with the three-bin bags. In footage of the incident, Clive can be heard telling Mr Loughbrough-Rudd: ‘We’re bringing the rubbish back which was left in the field and dumped up the road. ‘It’s got your name and address in there so we’ve brought it all back. It’s all yours.’ However, Mr Loughbrough-Rudd denies fly-tipping and says the waste was supposed to be handled by a third party who was paid to dispose of it correctly. Clive, who runs TWB Farms, said one of his employees found the rubbish on the farm and took it back to him. He said it was not the first time he had attempted to return fly-tipped rubbish to its owner. ‘It’s very stupid. The bag was full of sim cards, it was full of pay as go sim cards. Which is odd,’ Clive added. ‘We get a load of fly-tipping. ‘We try to identify who it was as people leave their letters with the address on in the rubbish. ‘The address was one next to the field, so we took it to them.’ Clive said rubbish is regularly dumped on his land. ‘We’ve had another incident a day after this one where we had a whole Transit vans worth tipped on our driveway,’ he added. ‘We have to clear it up ourselves, we have to get a skip to dispose of it. We had a whole sailing boat dumped on our land once. ‘Farmers up and down the country are sort of becoming the unpaid binmen of the country.’ Mr Loughborough-Rudd denies fly-tipping and said he had explained the situation to Clive. ‘I did not fly-tip the rubbish,’ he said. ‘My ex-partner paid someone to dispose of some rubbish but it was dumped in a field. ‘It had a letter addressed to me from a mobile phone company which was the sim I gave to my partner at the time we were together from February, which means it must have been there for some time, and other stuff from members of that household that I shall not disclose. ‘I happened to be at my ex-partner’s home collecting some belongings when the farmer arrived. ‘I have explained this to him.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.