A dad who accidentally used his stepdaughter’s passport to board a flight to Croatia spent a five-day romantic getaway behind bars. David Chadwick was stopped by border guards after landing on a Ryanair flight at Zagreb airport with wife Alison, 46, and realised he had brought his 21-year-old stepdaughter Katherine’s passport instead of his own. With no personal identification, the ‘gutted’ 57-year-old was held in the cells at the airport and escorted on his original flight home to Manchester, where border officials confirmed his ID. ‘I accept it’s half my fault for picking up the wrong passport, but you’d think that post 9/11, I wouldn’t have been able to board a plane with a female name and photo of my daughter on,’ he said. Senior international clinical manager David, who lives in Standish, Manchester, with nurses Alison and Katherine, added: ‘I was simply gutted, and embarrassed at the same time. ‘I pride myself in never having the wrong things in hand luggage and always having the correct documentation, so I couldn’t believe it had happened. I think our faces said it all.’ Both David and Alison had been looking forward to their romantic five-day break together after both working tirelessly throughout the pandemic. He said: ‘This was a much needed break for both of us – my wife is an NHS nurse who worked all the way through the pandemic whilst I worked in clinical research – but I spent the whole time in a cell. It was gutting.’ The mistake happened when he opened the drawer of the coffee table in their living room on the morning of their flight on April 24, taking the two passports inside without checking them. He didn’t realise at the time that he’d picked up his stepdaughter’s passport instead of his own – which was still in his laptop bag from a work trip two weeks prior. David said: ‘The police officer in Zagreb was really nice – he tried to get us straight back on a flight home when he realised the mistake but, as you can imagine, no other airline would take me without a valid passport.’ His wife Alison had to stay in the Airbnb they had booked on her own, as David was not allowed to enter the country freely. But the owner of the property stayed for a drink with her to reassure her and help her try to relax. The Foreign Office spoke to the police in Zagreb on his behalf to try and secure emergency documentation but as David couldn’t enter the country, there was no way of him collecting the documents. Even so, David said: ‘I will definitely go back to Croatia in the future – the police officer and the owner of the Airbnb flat demonstrated how nice Croatian people are.’ Ryanair said: ‘This passenger was detained by Croatian authorities on arrival to Zagreb, following his flight from Manchester for failing to travel with his own passport. ‘It is each passenger’s responsibility to ensure they have a correct and valid passport for travel. ‘Our airport handling agents incorrectly allowed this passenger to board and we have liaised with our handling agents in Manchester to ensure this error does not recur.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.