The Asda co-owners are expected to agree a deal to save troubled retailer McColl’s after administrators were appointed. The Issa brothers’ EG Group could complete a deal for the convenience store today, according to Sky News. McColl’s has confirmed it would collapse into administration, putting 1,100 shops and 16,000 workers at risk. It said it appointed administrators PriceWaterhouseCoopers (PwC) after discussions with its lenders failed on Friday as creditors refused to extend a deadline for the retailer to find more cash. The company said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange: ‘In order to protect creditors, preserve the future of the business and to protect the interests of employees, the board was regrettably therefore left with no choice other than to place the company in administration.’ McColl’s said it appointed the administrators in the expectation they intend to implement a sale of the business to a third-party purchaser as soon as possible. McColl’s will apply to the court later today to appoint the administrators. Shares on the stock market have been suspended. Earlier on Friday, Morrisons tabled a rescue deal that would also take on the business as a going concern, absorb its debts of over £100 million, and take responsibility for its pension scheme. The two businesses are major partners, with McColl’s operating hundreds of convenience shops under the Morrisons Daily brand. However, the company confirmed ‘the lenders made clear that they were not satisfied that such discussions would reach an outcome acceptable to them’. In recent years, McColl’s has struggled financially after witnessing soaring costs due to supply chain disruption, inflation, and its large debt burden. Simon Underwood, business recovery partner at accountancy firm, Menzies LLP, added: ‘With the UK already feeling the strain of the cost-of-living crisis, this exposure to job losses could not have come at a worse time. ‘It appears, higher costs may have played a part in McColl’s collapse, with many consumers looking to avoid the higher prices that are often associated with convenience shops. ‘The rise of grocery delivery services, and post-pandemic fallout, will also have played a role in the retailer’s financial struggles.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.For more stories like this, check our news page.