Tom Parker’s widow, Kelsey, opened up about moving on following his death, in a bittersweet post. The Wanted star died at the end of March at the age of 33, after battling a brain tumour. After sharing her trepidation at attending a friend’s wedding after his death, his wife shared a photo as she raised a glass at the nuptials. ‘The year of firsts,’ the 32-year-old wrote beside a sun-drenched picture from her pal’s big day, showing her sitting next to a sign dedicating a chair to the Glad You Came singer. ‘My first wedding without my love. I knew this was going to be the toughest weekend and I knew my head would be all over the place. ‘This weekend for me was so bittersweet, I was watching my best friend marry the love of her life yet 7 weeks ago I lost mine.’ ‘The thing about death is that even though I have suffered the most traumatic experience the world keeps turning,’ she continued. ‘The sun keeps shining and I know Tom was watching over me especially when the sun was beaming on us all day. ‘I really enjoyed myself this weekend and it was so nice to actually let my hair down and be Kelsey. I raised a glass to my boy and I know he’s up there having shots. ‘There were moments when my heart would ache, moments when the tears wouldn’t stop rolling down my face and moments where I laughed until my belly hurt. ‘In this crazy world – Life is for living.’ Fans flooded her replies with support, describing her as ‘amazing’. ‘Thinking of you always Kelsey sending you lots of love,’ one wrote. ‘You are amazing. Have days like these and also have days where you go easy on yourself,’ a follower agreed. ‘He would want nothing more than for you to be the life and soul of the party,’ another penned. An Instagram user said: ‘You’ve got this kelse. Sending love always xxxx [sic].’ As a fan added: ‘You are an utter inspiration. No other way of putting it.’ Kelsey previously voiced her heartache at attending the ceremony in Ireland, explaining that it was the first event she had been to without her late husband. She told fans at the time that she was expecting it to be ‘really weird’, as Tom was due to be an ‘usher’ in the wedding. ‘It’s gonna be the first event, wedding, that I’ve actually been to without him being with me,’ she told fans. ‘So yeah, this weekend is going to be a tough one.’ Kelsey confirmed Tom’s death in a statement in March, two years after he was diagnosed with cancer. ‘Our hearts are broken, Tom was the centre of our world and we can’t imagine life without his infectious smile and energetic presence,’ she said at the time. ‘We are truly thankful for the outpouring of love and support and ask that we all unite to ensure Tom’s light continues to shine for his beautiful children. ‘Thank you to everyone who has supported in his care throughout, he fought until the very end. I’m forever proud of you.’ Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Silent Witness stars Emilia Fox and David Caves confirm more to come from Nikki and Jack romance: ‘We’ve laid the breadcrumbs’ MORE : I’m A Celebrity: Bosses offering ‘big money’ to get ‘biggest b***h’ Janice Dickinson back on show 