One of Putin’s top propagandists has said World War Three has begun and Russia will now ‘demilitarise’ Nato. Russian state TV anchor Olga Skabeyeva claimed Moscow’s special military operation in Ukraine was ‘now over’ on her Rossiya-1 show. She then said the West’s supply of weapons to Zelensky’s troops meant it was now a global conflict. ‘It’s time to admit, perhaps, that Russia’s special operation in Ukraine is now over,’ Skabeyeva said. ‘In the sense that a real war has started, World War Three. We are being forced to demilitarise, not just Ukraine but Nato as a whole. ‘Why am I talking about this? It was not only Smerch MLRS with cluster munitions that struck Donetsk. ‘The strikes were carried out with… American M777 howitzers.’   Skabeyeva’s threat comes after Ukraine showed off its new Wolfhound tactical support vehicles, which were supplied by Britain. It also follows a sensational warning from another Russian propagandist – dubbed ‘Putin’s Voice’ – who suggested they will only stop advancing through Europe when they reach Stonehenge. There are serious questions about whether Russia is even capable of launching such a massive offensive on Nato. According to the latest intelligence from the Ministry of Defence (MoD), Russia is facing localised mutinies, a lack of experienced commanders and poor morale. The MoD also revealed Putin has suffered ‘devastating losses’ among his mid and junior ranking officers. This has led to the Russian army lacking highly trained officers and may result in ‘continued’ poor discipline and low morale, the defence experts said. When Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24, Putin expected to take Kyiv within 72 hours. But his invasion has now entered its third month in the face of fierce Ukrainian resistance. Russia was eventually forced to retreat eastwards, with conservative estimates suggesting they have already lost tens of thousands of soldiers in the fighting. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.