Sharon Osbourne has shared a positive update about husband Ozzy Osbourne after he tested positive for Covid. The former X Factor judge was forced to pull out of her new programme, The Talk, and fly to Los Angeles to be with Ozzy after he tested positive for the virus on Wednesday night. Fortunately, the Black Sabbath star appears to be recovering well with wife Sharon sharing the good news with her Twitter followers. She wrote on Saturday: ‘Thank You for all the well wishes and support! Ozzy is much better and on the mend!’ Close friend Piers Morgan expressed his relief and commented: ‘Great news!’ along with clapping emoji. Sharon, 69, revealed Ozzy’s diagnosis on Thursday and said she was ‘very worried’ about him due to his other ongoing health issues. The musician has Parkinson’s disease and is also battling other ailments stemming from an accident in 2019. Breaking the news that he had Covid, Sharon said last week: ‘Ozzy was only diagnosed in the middle of the night our time. I spoke to him and he’s OK. I am very worried about Ozzy right now. ‘We’ve gone two years without him catching Covid and it’s just Ozzy’s luck it would be now.’ She added: ‘I can’t believe my luck. I’m missing the show and I’ve only been there three days. ‘I can’t believe it. Three days and I’m missing the show but I will be back. I know I will. ‘It will take me a week to get my old man back on his feet again and I will be back.’ After pulling out of her new talk show just three days in, Sharon is expected to host the TalkTV programme live from LA on Monday, alongside her fellow panellists including Jeremy Kyle. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Angelina Jolie rushed to safety amid air-raid siren during visit to Lviv in war-torn Ukraine MORE : Kim Kardashian and Pete Davidson smitten as they make red carpet debut at plush White House dinner 