A 30-year-old man wanted over the fatal shooting of a teenager in Liverpool has been caught by police in Malaga after a seven year manhunt. The National Crime Agency and police forces around Europe were searching for David Ungi for his suspected role in 18-year-old Vinny Waddington’s death. The teen was hit with a single shotgun blast as he rode on the back of a scrambler bike in 2015. On Thursday Ungi was caught, along with three other men, as he entered a gym at a shopping centre in Coin, Malaga. The fugitive, who fled the UK hours after Mr Waddington was killed, is also wanted in connection with the supply of heroin in the Liverpool area. Officers seized a 9mm Ruger firearm and ammunition from a rucksack when they arrested him. Extradition proceedings are underway after Ungi appeared at court in Malaga yesterday and was remanded in custody. Detectives learned the 12-gauge shotgun used to kill Mr Waddington was fired from the passenger window of an Audi A3 car carrying three men, which rammed the motorbike seconds earlier. Two of the car’s occupants, owner Luke Kendrick and Ryan Bate, are already serving life sentences for Mr Waddington’s murder after a trial at Liverpool Crown Court in 2016. National Crime Agency regional manager in Spain, Steve Reynolds, said: ‘Ungi is a very dangerous person and his arrest is good news for communities both in Liverpool and Spain. ‘These arrests would not have been possible without close cooperation between police forces in the UK and our law enforcement colleagues in Spain and Portugal. ‘There are still a number of fugitives on our most wanted list, and they should know we will never give up and we’re never far behind them.’ Detective Chief Inspector Cath Cummings said: ‘Merseyside Police remains relentless in its pursuit of criminals and will leave no stone unturned. ‘We will continue to work closely with other law enforcement agencies, both in the UK, and overseas to trace those wanted for carrying out the most serious offences and bring them to justice.’ Anyone with information about a fugitive on the NCA’s most wanted list is urged to call CrimeStoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111. Alternatively, members of the public can fill out an anonymous online form via their website. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.