Amber Heard alleged that Johnny Depp ‘kicked her in the back’ during an argument, as she continued her testimony. The Aquaman actress took to the stand for the second day of her testimony in her defamation trial against her ex-husband, 58, at the Fairfax County Court. Speaking to the court, she spoke of an argument they had on a plane in May, 2014, when things allegedly became physical. Jurors heard audio clips from the plane journey in which he could be heard moaning, before the 36-year-old alleged that he threw things and kicked her in front of staff members and her friend. ‘He reeks of weed and alcohol, and his breath smelled so bad. I could anticipate there was a no-win situation here. ‘He was saying really disgusting things about my body … and then he started straight up insulting me. And this is happening in front of everyone.’ She said that she moved seats on the plane before Depp ‘threw ice cubes and utensils’ at her. ‘I walk away from him, my back is turned and I feel this boot in my back. He just kicked me in the back,’ the star continued. ‘I fell to the floor and it felt like I was looking at the floor of the plane for a long time. ‘No-one said anything, no-one did anything, you could hear a pin drop on that plane, you could feel the tension.’ Heard appeared on the stand for the first time on Wednesday and explained that it had been ‘the most painful and difficult thing’ that she has gone through. ‘I struggle to have the words to describe how painful this is,’ she said. ‘This is horrible for me to sit here for weeks and relive everything, (to) hear people that I knew – some well, some not, my ex-husband with whom I shared a life – speak about our lives in the way that they have. ‘This the most painful and difficult thing I’ve gone through for sure.’ Heard also spoke of being ‘slapped’ by her former partner for the first time, in 2013, after she laughed at his tattoo. She alleged that he ‘gave her a cavity search’ in another incident, while looking for drugs. The case began last month and is thought to continue for several weeks. Depp is suing Heard after she penned an op-ed in the Washington Post, titled ‘I spoke up against sexual violence – and faced our culture’s wrath. That has to change’. She discussed her experiences of domestic abuse in the 2018 article and did not mention him by name, but his team have said that this falsely implies that she was subjected to sexual and physical abuse during their marriage, which he has denied. Heard is countersuing, claiming that he libeled her by calling her a liar. The trial continues. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : EastEnders spoilers: Scarlett left outside in pouring rain as Janine celebrates without her MORE : Drew Barrymore wants to interview Britney Spears on talk show after love-in and we need to make this happen 