Residents have deemed a newly pedestrianised zone in their town a ‘waste of money’ and have criticised its ‘tacky’ design. Wiggly white lines have been added to a new tarmac surface in Worthing, West Sussex as part of a £178,000 scheme to make its town centre car-free and ‘brighten up’ the area. The move is part of the town council’s promise to go carbon neutral by 2030, and offer an ‘attractive outdoor meeting space’ for people in the town. Some £23,500 was spent on design and management fees, and the painting of the swirly white lines cost £1,230. The Worthing Society Committee has called on the council to remove the white lines as soon as practically possible. Chair Sue Belton said: ‘This area is part of the historic South Street Conservation Area and should showcase the town linking Montague Street to the seafront promenade. ‘In our opinion these extensive white lines are over-dominant. They detract from the historic character of the listed buildings.’ Previously, the road was used to provide disabled parking spaces a convenient distance from shops. Now the area will allow cafes and restaurants to offer more outdoor seating to customers, and new wooden planters – which are yet to have flowers and shrubs planted in them – are expected to improve the appearance of the area. The money for the design came from high street renovation grants provided by the Government. Many locals are unhappy with the design of the new pedestrianised road. Tamara Murray said: ‘Huge shame, waste of money and silly design. By taking away the safe disabled parking there it will take away business from Worthing.’ Andrea Bristow added: ‘It looks like a kid has been let loose with a white line machine! What an absolute mess.’ Another resident said: ‘Looks tacky and a terrible waste of money.’ But Roy Hammond joked: ‘I think this is very thoughtful of the council. It’s an effort towards all the drunks in Worthing to make them think they are walking in straight lines.’ A Freedom of Information request submitted to Adur and Worthing Council received the response: ‘The pedestrianisation of Montague Place has cost £178,000, of which £23,500 was full technical scheme design and management fees. ‘This was fully funded by the high street grants provided by the government to the Borough Council in response to the re-opening of the high street following the lifting of restrictions. ‘The costs of the decorative white lining were £1,230, which included the cost of material and installation. These costs are included in the overall cost envelope above.’ A spokesman for the council told The Argus: ‘We wanted to transform Montague Place and provide residents, businesses, shoppers and visitors with an inviting landscaped open space that can be used for a variety of things – whether meeting up with friends for a coffee or something to eat at one of the many excellent eateries, relaxing in the sun or visiting one of the events that will be held over the summer. ‘The new planters and flowers will really add some colour, while the new lighting and seating areas will make a perfect meeting place that is car-free and more aesthetically pleasing for everyone. ‘Initially this is a temporary project and we are preparing an engagement exercise to understand what people want to see in the long term to benefit this wonderful area of the town centre.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.