A gallery wall is a quick and easy way to change the appearance of a room. But buying a bunch of paintings and frames, then assembling them all together, can be both costly and time consuming. One woman in Solihull has managed to do the job quickly, spending just £70 in total on her large living room gallery wall. Gallery walls became trendy a few years ago and are still popular as they’re an easy way to give a room a more personal touch or to switch up the aesthetic without needing to paint or move furniture. All you need is a good eye, a steady hand, and a measuring tape. Charli, 37, spent time finding the right images to frame first, wanting to get the design just right with complementary shots. She tells Metro.co.uk: ‘The whole process took place over about a month. ‘First I had to source frames, then choose pictures that would compliment each other and find free downloadable prints. ‘I saved as much as I could by buying all the frames from the rag market in Birmingham, charity shops around Solihull and car boots locally. ‘I have always been a lover of vintage items or previously owned items with history. ‘Every single frame has been somewhere else and in some cases for some time, there was something magical even taking out the prints that were already in them, wondering who’s homes they had previously been in.’ That approach saved her a lot of money, as she focused on sourcing second hand or freely available images and prints. It also meant she came across prints she otherwise would have missed. Charli broke down her total spend, which was £70. She says: ‘I brought fabric paper for £20, two packs of 10 sheets off Amazon. ‘The frames ranged from two for 50p at the rag market to a £3 for the largest central one from a charity shop. ‘In total I have 23 framed oil paintings. So collectively it cost around £20 for the frames. ‘On the pictures themselves, I didn’t want to end up spending hundreds on prints. ‘A woman I follow on Instagram who is a DIY queen had recommended places where you could download free art and had curated some of that free art herself, kindly providing a downloadable link for people to scroll through for free paintings. ‘I found some from there and followed her links to find others at The Met, which has a free gallery featuring hundreds of online art available to download. ‘I did however have to print five larger prints at an online print service as they were bigger than A4 – that cost in total £30.’ Charli has an arty approach and likes to ensure everything she picks out has personal meaning. She continues: ‘I have always loved the idea of a gallery wall – my home is a new build but I am a lover of vintage items and the walls were very plain and needed a spruce up. ‘I recently purchased a chandelier and a velvet sofa so I felt the feature wall would really accentuate the lounge space and give my house much needed character. ‘Now it’s so beautiful. When visitors come they love to have a look at the wall and it makes me feel like I have my very own mini art gallery – my friend even joked I should have a wine and cheese night to officially open the wall. ‘It just makes me feel at home and I think it’s charming.’ It wasn’t an entirely smooth process to make the gallery wall. ‘Make sure you remember when printing to print slightly larger as you can always trim down if you’re unsure but you can’t trim up,’ she advises. ‘Always map it out on the floor so you have an idea of the look before committing. ‘I created a virtual mockup using a photograph of my wall, and took photos of each print I then brought the images onto the wall on the computer to work out where they should sit at initial stages. ‘Mapping out the width and length of my wall with string I then created a replica wall dimension on my floor using the string. ‘Next I used wrapping paper to trace the frames and get measurement right for each frame before designing the final placement on my floor. ‘When I was done a friend then helped me hang them all. It was useful to have someone to look at it from further back so we could hang them the correct distance apart.’ In the future, she’d consider switching out the images if she changes the colour scheme across the rest of the room. Overall, she’s happy she did this simple DIY trick to add character to her house. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Thrifty mum gives bathroom DIY makeover for just £79 MORE : Woman transforms her toilet room using DIY for just £350 MORE : Tools everyone should have in their house – for big and small DIY jobs