Dozens of British tourists have been handed compensation after falling ill on a ‘nightmare’ holiday. Families were among 89 people who stayed at the all-inclusive Holiday Village on Lanzarote when they suffered from acute gastrointestinal infections, nausea, diarrhoea and cramps in summer 2019. Representing some victims in a legal battle with Tui, barrister Charles Crow said: ‘Fresh food was added to older food, food appeared to be recycled/re-presented at later meals. ‘Maggots were reported in the milk, which was sometimes curdled. Food, restaurant and general hygiene standards were poor. ‘A cloth used to clear up vomit was then used to clean the rest of the floor. ‘Pools were insufficiently cleaned – the water was often dirty/cloudy, there was litter around the pool and faecal accidents were not dealt with adequately and/or quickly.’ Darren Evans, 36, and his two young children – including a baby – fell ill on the second day. He said: ‘It was bad enough that I was unwell, but to also see our children suffer was awful. I wasn’t able to eat for four days after falling ill.’ Sharon Hodgeson, 54, from Slough, her daughter (who was pregnant), son-in-law and four grandchildren all fell ill. She said: ‘I was looking forward to a summer holiday with my family but it turned into a total nightmare,’ she said. A total of 89 claims were filed at the High Court last year in relation to the incidents. Some 83 have been settled to the tune of £232,000, but another six people are being challenged by Tui and will go to trial next year. Their barrister Samuel McNeil said food poisoning was ‘a common feature of overseas travel.’ He said: ‘It is for the claimants to prove that the food and/or drink with which they were provided under the holiday contracts was not of a satisfactory quality, that they consumed such food and/or drink, and that it caused them personal injury. ‘Other guests at the hotel and in the vicinity travelled to the area with various tour operators from around the world, potentially bringing viral or other illnesses with them, without fault on the part of the defendant or the hotel. ‘Many of these guests may also have visited and eaten outside the hotel, suggesting obvious sources of potential infection unrelated to the hotel. ‘Pre-existing medical conditions or susceptibilities may have caused the claimants to suffer the symptoms alleged.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.