Far be it for me to criticise the great Greek philosopher Aristotle, but when he said ‘everything happens for a reason’ he was clearly talking out of his ancient backside. To be fair to the father of realism, he was born in 384BC, which was several years before Denmark won Euro 92, Wigan lifted the FA Cup in 2013 or Leicester City romped to the Premier League title in 2016. Still, if he had spent less time watching the History Channel, and more tuned into Sky Sports News, he would have most likely arrived at a different conclusion. This week, yet again, defied logic as the football Gods gathered in the clouds above the Santiago Bernabeu and cast another one of their savage soccer spells. Witchcraft on the wings. Malediction on the midfield. Divination on the defence. Human interference may have caused them to congregate, but I’m putting Real Madrid’s miraculous turnaround against Manchester City down to sorcery over substitutes. It was almost like an ex-player’s agent had summoned a shaman to place a curse on City, but that would be ridiculous, right? Ya, ya, it would. Truthfully, modern football at the highest level is almost entirely predictable, yet it still throws up moments that have us putting down the beer and reaching for the nearest amulet. However, leave the top flights, and you will find hoodoo and voodoo everywhere you look, which is why, this weekend, you need to look a little lower for your bewitching drama. The race for the final two Championship play-off spots will be decided tomorrow. Huddersfield and Nottingham Forest are already there, but it’s two from four going into the last day, and there is not a chance in hell they will pass off without some form of intergalactic interference. Luton Town in sixth are so close to making it, despite having a budget that looks like pocket change compared to most. They were looking good until champions Fulham biffed them 7-0 in midweek, obliterating their goal difference and leaving them, probably, needing a win at home against Reading to secure a semi-final berth. The Royals are safe so will be on the beach. Just like Fulham were. In fifth place and on the same points are Sheffield United, reinvigorated under the guidance of Paul Heckingbottom, with 14 wins in his 26 league games in charge, and at home to, you guessed it, Fulham. Hoping to capitalise on any slip-ups are Middlesbrough, two points outside and managed by none other than Blades legend Chris Wilder. They are away at Preston North End, who do not lose often at Deepdale. Millwall, three points off the pace, need to beat promoted Bournemouth away and hope the sides above them have recently p***ed off a witch doctor or two. And if you think that’s complicated, there is no way I can actually explain League Two. I asked Rachel Riley to have a look and she developed a migraine. I tweeted Garry Kasparov and he immediately blocked me. With one afternoon left, five teams are battling for that final automatic promotion place. Three points separate Northampton in third and Swindon in seventh, and not a single one of them play each other, although two of the five face the top two sides, Exeter and Forest Green, who are still battling it out for the title. Feasibly, albeit unlikely, Port Vale or Swindon could still go up automatically or miss out on the play-offs altogether. If one of them loses, and eighth- placed Sutton win, the fairy-tale story being written at Gander Green Lane continues, while victory for Tranmere, who are ninth, coupled with some cosmic jiggery-pokery above them, could see them still make it. I haven’t even mentioned Nigel Clough’s Mansfield in fifth or Joey Barton’s Bristol Rovers in fourth, but it is time to take my foot off the gas. The only thing you need to work out is how to witness it. Be it in the flesh or via Soccer Saturday, Final Score, BBC5 Live, EFL On Quest, it doesn’t matter. Just don’t rob yourself of a spellbinding Saturday. @ColinMurray For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 