A naked man has been arrested after allegedly murdering three people including an infant and a mother, and injuring several others. Dan Spidle, 35, killed a woman and left a one-year-old boy mortally wounded in an apartment complex in Coral Springs, Florida, on Friday, police said. The infant was transported to Broward Health Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. Spidle then fled the scene in a 2019 silver Kia and got into a hit-and-run crash at the intersection of Powerline Road and West Sample Road in Pompano Beach, said cops according to Local 10. A short time later, Spidle got in a crash involving four vehicles near Powerline and Sample roads in Coconut Creek. Spidle proceeded to fatally shoot the driver of a white pickup truck he struck and then fled in that vehicle, cops said. Two other people were hurt in the collision. Spidle crashed a third time outside of a Walmart at the corner of Sample and Lyons roads in Coconut Creek. He ran out of the stolen truck and tried to steal a woman’s necklace, according to cops. When Coconut Creek cops arrived, they found Spidle walking around naked. Spidle was arrested on Saturday and has been charged with murder, fleeing the scenes of several accidents and burglary, according to WSNV. He was booked into Broward County Jail. It was not immediately clear how the first victims, the mother and the infant, were killed. During a mass at St Andrew’s Catholic Church on Sunday, Reverend Pedro Freitez identified the mother as Elizabeth Carmona and said that she was watching her nephew Mateo Morales at the time of the attack. They were battered with a hammer, Freitez told WSNV. ‘A neighbor came in without asking, kills and murders a woman and a child with a hammer,’ Freitez said. Spidle lived in the same apartment complex as the victims, a neighbor, Diane Hirschfield, told the TV station. ‘I feel very bad for him ’cause his life is over,’ Hirschfield said. ‘But I feel very bad for the couple that would lose a child, a baby.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.