Sophie Turner said she knew that she would marry Joe Jonas the very first night she went out with him, as the couple prepare to celebrate their three-year wedding anniversary. The 26-year-old Staircase star was appearing on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon as she recalled her first night out with the 32-year-old US singer, which ended with her ‘weeping’ when he left. ‘I mean the first night I met him I remember, he left my apartment, and it may have been the alcohol, but he left – he didn’t come over, I’m not that forward,’ she explained. ‘We went out and we hungout at a bar, all of my friends and off his friends, and they all came back to my apartment and we had drinks after.’ She continued: ‘And I remember him leaving, and I’m weeping, I just wept to my brother… I was like, “I love this man so much!” And I knew. And that was it.’ The Game of Thrones actress also revealed Joe’s cheesy chat-up line when they first started dating, when he told her that people tell him he looks just like a young George Clooney. ‘And I was like, “No you don’t!”,’ she added. ‘I get [compared to] a young Boy George all the time, so it’s the Georges combined!’ The couple began dating in 2016 and got engaged a year later. They married in Las Vegas in May 2019 after the Billboard Music Awards, and welcomed their first child, daughter Willa, in July 2020. The pair are currently expecting their second child. Speaking to Elle UK, Sophie said: ‘It’s what life is about for me – raising the next generation. The greatest thing in life is seeing my daughter go from strength to strength. She added: ‘We’re so excited to be expanding the family. It’s the best blessing ever.’ Meanwhile, the actress is currently starring in The Staircase, a true crime drama about author Michael Peterson who was convicted of killing his wife, Kathleen when she was discovered dead at the bottom of a flight of stairs in their home. Bafta and Oscar winner Colin Firth plays Peterson, alongside Toni Collette as Kathleen Peterson. Sophie plays Michael’s adopted daughter Margaret Ratliff, Patrick Schwarzenegger stars as Todd Peterson, Odessa Young takes on the role of Martha Ratliff and Olivia DeJonge as Caitlin Atwater. Dane DeHaan takes on Peterson’s other son, Clayton. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Met Gala 2022: Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas confirm second pregnancy on red carpet MORE : Sophie Turner shares rare insight into parenthood with Joe Jonas: ‘Becoming a mother has made me a better actor’ 