A driver is fuming after being fined for eating a McDonald’s meal in a neighbouring car park despite never leaving his vehicle. Bob Spink, 50, was shocked to receive a letter through his door issuing him with a £100 fine for using a parking bay outside a Starbucks for 16 minutes. ‘We had only bought a £12 order from McDonald’s and the car park was entirely full so we parked in Starbucks to eat as there was plenty of space,’ he said. ‘It just feels like legalised theft, I haven’t done anything wrong legally.’ Bob had visited the fast food branch in Fabian Way, Swansea, with his girlfriend but they were unable to find a parking space outside. So instead they opted for the bays nearby, just outside Starbucks. Bob, who is from Bath but recently moved to Brynmill, has vowed to ‘not go anywhere near a Starbucks ever again’ and ‘had not realised these penalties were a thing’. ‘I was baffled by it, we have just moved here and it’s something you can’t ignore as it only gets worse and increases the fee,’ he added. ‘I shared it [online] in the hope of making people aware and steer clear of the chain. ‘We hadn’t even left the car, the premise of a car park is to invite people in and it just feels like a con and I don’t understand what they are trying to achieve and it doesn’t look great for the chain to use a parking enforcement with such tactics.’ The letter he received told him if he paid the fine within 14 days it would be reduced to £60, so he did this to avoid having the pay the larger amount. People commented on his Facebook post saying: ‘It’s shocking they are allowed to do this,’ while others said it was a ‘lesson learnt the hard way’. Starbucks uses National Parking Enforcement Ltd at its branch in Fabian Way. Starbucks noted the parking offence notice was the responsibility of that company and declined to comment further. National Parking Enforcement Ltd has been contacted for comment by Metro.co.uk. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.