Tim Krul may have conceded five goals against Tottenham but Eric Dier wasn’t best pleased with the Norwich City goalkeeper for hampering teammate Son Heung-min’s efforts to win the golden boot. The South Korean went into the final day of the Premier League season one strike behind Liverpool winger Mohamed Salah – though the Egyptian’s tally included five penalties while Son’s were all from open play. Spurs were also looking to secure fourth spot at the expense of north London rivals Arsenal and made a blistering start to the match, going ahead through Dejan Kulusevski after just 16 minutes. A second followed soon after, with Krul gifting possession to Rodrigo Bentancur who played a first-time cross to Harry Kane who duly doubled Spurs’ lead. But while Norwich were rolling out the red carpet for most of Tottenham’s attackers, Son was frustrated for large spells of the match in his attempts to draw level with Salah. At the start of the second half in particular, the 29-year-old had two great opportunities to get on the scoresheet and looked certain to net when Kane sent a perfect cross into the six-yard box. Son was unmarked just a few yards out from goal but Krul – who has frustrated Spurs in the past – stuck out a paw and clawed the ball away. Moments later Son was sent clean through on goal one-versus-one but again the Dutch shot-stopper denied him, this time diving to his right and pulling off an excellent save. Son was starting to look frustrated but finally netted the goal that drew him level with Salah in the 70th minute, collecting a neat past from Lucas Moura and sliding the ball under Krul to spark wild scenes of celebration. A few moments later, as Spurs prepared to send a free-kick into the box, Dier came up from defence and had a little bit of banter with Krul, yelling: ‘What’s Salah giving you man? What’s Salah giving you?’ Krul looked a little confused, saying ‘Salah?’ back at the defender, though Dier’s mind games might have worked with Son netting his second goal of the afternoon just seconds later. Norwich’s defence failed to clear Lucas’ free-kick and the ball landed at Son’s feet on the edge of the box, who cut inside, took a touch and then curled a powerful effort past the outstretched arm of Krul to take his tally for the season to 23 goals. In the end, though, Son had to settle for a share of the golden boot after Salah also netted late on against Wolves, with both players taking home the trophy. MORE : Antonio Conte wants Tottenham to sign Arsenal transfer target Gabriel Jesus MORE : Tottenham finish above Arsenal for sixth straight season to secure Champions League football For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 