If at first you don’t succeed, try, try and try again. Robert the Bruce’s words must’ve had a big impact on Todd Boehly, new owner of Chelsea FC. Three years after his attempt in 2019 to buy the squad, Todd Boehly has finally accomplished his mission, signing an agreement to own the Blues in a £4 billion deal. Three years ago, he offered to buy the club for $3 billion (approx. £2.4 billion), but the owner at the time, Russian tycoon, Roman Abramovich, rejected the takeover bid. Now Todd has got what he always wanted, let’s find out more about him… Todd Boehly is an American businessman, investor, and philanthropist. Currently, as well as being the new owner of the Blues, is the co-founder, chairman, chief executive officer and controlling member of Eldridge Industries. As of October 2021, he is also the interim CEO of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association, the nonprofit group of journalists and photographers who report on the entertainment news, as well as throwing the annual Golden Globe Awards. Todd is married to wife, Katie Boehly, co-founder of the Boehly Center for Excellence in Finance and a philanthropist who has worked for charities trying to find a cure for epilepsy. The couple share three sons, Nick, Zach, and Clay. A nosy but fair question if he’s got enough to buy Chelsea FC, just how much is Todd Boehly worth? Well, unsurprisingly, it’s a lot. Forbes list his net worth as a staggering $4.5 billion. Chelsea isn’t Todd’s only sporting interest. Across the pond, he has a stake in different American sports, including baseball and basketball. Boehly owns 20% of the iconic baseball team, the Los Angeles Dodgers, and is also a part owner of the basketball team, Los Angeles Sparks. Boehly, with Mark Walter, also acquired a 27% stake in basketball’s Los Angeles Lakers in July 2021. The Lakers were the third-highest valued team in the NBA, with an estimated value of $5.14 billion in early 2021. As well as established teams like the Lakers, Todd has an interest in the burgeoning eSports market, being an owner of fantasy sports company DraftKings and esports organisation Cloud9. MORE : Todd Boehly expected to attend Chelsea vs Wolves after agreeing to buy the Blues MORE : West Ham plot summer transfer move for Chelsea striker Armando Broja Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Share your views in the comments below. 