A socialite on trial for his role in money laundering £266million has to answer for photos allegedly showing his staff and brother counting piles of cash in his office. Businessman James Stunt, 40, is one of eight people accused of washing criminal money by depositing cash in the account of Bradford gold dealer Fowler Oldfield. Prosecutors on Tuesday told Leeds Cloth Hall Court it would have been ‘blindingly obvious this was criminal cash’ to the defendants who sorted through huge wads of money between January 2014 and September 2016. Now CCTV photos have come out showing a group of men counting and packaging money in Stunt & Co’s London offices in February 2016, the court heard. One of the pictures also appears to show Stunt’s brother, Lee – who later died of a heroin overdose – sitting in front of the counting machine and organising through cash himself. Claiming the cash being counted was ‘dirty’, prosecutor Nicholas Clarke QC said the photos proved Stunt took ‘a very hands-on approach’ as his company became involved in the ‘sophisticated’ scam. The operation allegedly saw Stunt, the ex-husband of heiress Petra Ecclestone, turn ‘criminal cash’ into gold, the court heard. Tens of millions of pounds passed through his office before being deposited into the Fowler Oldfield’s bank account, it is claimed. Stunt & Co then used funds funnelled back to it to buy more than £50million of gold bars, melting them down into ‘untraceable’ grains of gold and exporting them to Dubai, prosecutors say. Gregory Frankel, a Fowler Oldfield director and vice-president of Stunt & Co, was allegedly sent the money-counting photo by colleague Alexander Tulloch with the comment ‘we have a logistics system in place!’ Five defendants – Greg Frankel, 44, Daniel Rawson, 45, Paul Miller, 45, Heidi Buckler, 45, and Haroon ‘Harry’ Rashid, 51 – all say the prosecution cannot prove that any of the cash was criminal property. The other defendants – Stunt, Alexander Tulloch, 41, and Francesca Sota, 34 – say they ‘don’t know whether it was’, Mr Clarke said. All the defendants deny all the charges. The trial continues. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.