Phillip Schofield and Rochelle Humes were left cracking up as a doggy guest started licking himself on the This Morning sofa. The presenting duo – who are together all this week with Holly Willoughby keeping busy hosting The Games – had very different reactions when lovable dog Stanley decided to clean himself on national television. Before they could get into a ‘saving money on your pet’ segment with Alice Beer, Rochelle couldn’t properly focus as she laughed and revealed the reason. She giggled: ‘Sorry, I’m distracted by what’s happening next to me. Sorry! He was just having a real wash and I was trying to block it out.’ As the camera cut to show Stanley doing his thing, Phil shouted at producers to cut away to protect the poor pooch’s ‘dignity’. ‘Cut off Stanley! Just for his dignity! Please! What are you thinking?! Stop it,’ he shouted, while Rochelle exclaimed: ‘He’s got the leg up as well, he’s just poised to go again!’ Doing his best to throw off his co-star, Phil couldn’t resist a cheeky joke as he suggested Stanley was simply living his best life. ‘Let’s face it, if we could, we all would,’ he quipped, but Rochelle fired back: ‘Would we?!’ ‘I dunno! If you’re watching the telly, got nothing else to do,’ he laughed, before quickly realising some logistical issues as he added: ‘You’d break your back!’ During the segment itself, Alice gave viewers her best money saving tips for their pets, including buying healthy food, getting the right medication and even sorting out dog walkers without breaking the bank. ‘I let Stan go longer between grooms, but I’m looking after his coat really well,’ she explained. ‘If you’re not looking after your pet’s coat, you’re gonna need to get him groomed more often. And the same with teeth cleaning!’ She pointed to options like sorting out a routine with neighbours to walk each other’s dogs while people are working, and noted that any food which says ‘PFMA’ and ‘complete’ on it legally ‘has to have all the nutrients in it that they need, and in the right proportions’. This Morning airs weekdays at 10am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : This Morning guest breaks down in tears over ‘heartbreaking’ story of daughter’s stolen dog: ‘We’re still waiting for her at home’ MORE : Pregnant Britney Spears uses dog to hide her growing bump in latest nude photos and that’s got to be a first 