Will Young has revealed how his late twin brother Rupert would sometimes pass out on the streets due to his alcohol addiction. The Evergreen singer lost his sibling, who suffered from alcoholism, painkiller addiction, and depression, to suicide in July 2020, he was 41. Opening up about Rupert’s struggles in his Channel 4 documentary Will Young: Losing My Twin Rupert, the artist shared his final moments included sleeping outside and begging. ‘Towards the end, he was knocking on neighbours’ doors in the morning asking for money,’ he said. ‘He was passed out outside a newsagent. ‘He had become a person that was on the street. I don’t judge those people, actually. I feel incredible empathy for them because that is Rupert. That’s what he became.’ Will also became a carer for his brother before he died. ‘My day would start. Either he was sick or he would have peed on the sofa, so I’d have to clear that up, then go get more beers and codeine because he was addicted to painkillers.’ Shortly before Rupert’s death, Will had reported him as a trespasser and had him removed from his home. ‘At the end, he would be drinking 24 hours a day,’ he shared. ‘You’ve got this monster who’s not moving. So, the only thing was to throw him out but also to be aware he might end up killing himself. I was ok with everything I’d done to try to help him.’ Will said he still agonises over his brother’s death but has learned not to ‘ignore it’. ‘That’s the key,’ he said. ‘There’s lots of signs for me that he’s there. Talking about him is nice. That’s how we keep people alive.’ Rupert died after jumping from a bridge in London on July 30, 2020, an inquest heard. His death came just days after he was admitted to Guy’s and St Thomas’s Hospital on July 28, when he had been seen walking along the edge of a bridge in the capital. St Pancras Coroner’s Court in north London was told he had been admitted to hospital four times in the week prior to his death, as he struggled with alcoholism and his mental health. Will Young: Losing My Twin Rupert is available to stream on All4. 