A British tourist has accused a star of Greece’s Big Brother of raping her while she was on a girls’ holiday to the country. The 21-year-old met reality TV star and influencer Steve Milatos, 30, at the Socrates bar in the town of Lindos, a popular night spot on Rhodes late on May 23. She claims they had some shots before Milatos encouraged her group to move to another venue nearby where he joined up with them at around 1am. Her lawyer, Ioannis Kokkinogenis, said that while they were in there, Milatos beckoned the woman outside for a ‘chat’ then led her down a dark alley to an abandoned house where he attacked her. Mr Kokkinogenis told MailOnline the young woman fled the building ‘screaming hysterically’ and ran back to her friends following the alleged assault. He said she tried to kill herself a short while later and remains ‘in a very bad psychological condition’. The lawyer added: ‘They took her to their room, and she went to take a shower because she felt dirty. She then attempted to take her own life by slashing her wrists. ‘One of the girlfriends went in just in time and saved her.’ Mr Kokkinogenis told MailOnline the young woman, originally from London but studying English Literature in the north of England, was on holiday in Rhodes from May 22 to 27. She and three other pals were celebrating the end of university exams, he said. Milatos is due to appear before a judicial interrogator on Friday for questioning before Greek prosecutors decide whether to pursue further charges. His lawyer, Stelios Alexandris, has insisted his client is innocent. He said: ‘None of what the lady is claiming about has happened. It is true that they met, and it is true that there was consensual intercourse. And that’s it. It is not I who claims that. ‘We are waiting for the forensic report that will prove what my client says.’ Milatos boasts more than 110,000 followers on Instagram and has previously worked with major fashion houses including Diesel. He has also walked on the runway for Givenchy and Jean Paul Gaultier, according to Greek media. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.