The US Supreme Court could be about to overturn the nationwide legal right to abortion, according to a leaked document. Millions have been left stunned after a document labelled ‘Opinion of the Court’ allegedly showed a majority of the court’s justices backed striking down Roe v Wade, the landmark 1973 case that legalised the procedure. The document, reportedly created earlier this year, essentially states there is no constitutional right to abortion services and would allow individual states to more heavily regulate or outright ban the termination of pregnancies. It is unclear if the draft opinion would mark the court’s final word on the issue and a Supreme Court spokeswoman refused to comment. Political news outlet Politico first published the paper, although Metro.co.uk was unable to verify its authenticity. Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has warned, if true, it would be a ‘direct assault on the dignity, rights, and lives of women, not to mention decades of settled law’. ‘It will kill and subjugate women even as a vast majority of Americans think abortion should be legal’, she said. ‘What an utter disgrace.’ The draft opinion was said to be made in reference to a case named Dobbs v Jackson Women’s Health Organisation, which challenges Mississippi’s ban on abortion after 15 weeks. ‘Roe was egregiously wrong from the start’, it reads. ‘We hold that Roe and Casey must be overruled.’ It goes on to reference the 1992 case Planned Parenthood v Casey which affirmed Roe’s finding of a constitutional right to abortion services, but allowed states to place some constraints on the practice. The document adds: ’It is time to heed the Constitution and return the issue of abortion to the people’s elected representatives.’ The Supreme Court is expected to issue a ruling in Dobbs v Jackson Women’s Health Organisation before its term is up in late June or early July. In a joint statement Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said: ‘If the report is accurate, the Supreme Court is poised to inflict the greatest restriction of rights in the past fifty years – not just on women but on all Americans. ‘The Republican-appointed Justices’ reported votes to overturn Roe v. Wade would go down as an abomination, one of the worst and most damaging decisions in modern history.’ Meanwhile, Planned Parenthood said the ‘report makes it clear our deepest fears are coming true’. ‘We have reached a crisis moment for abortion access. We don’t have a moment to spare – we must act now’, the reproductive health organisation said. The draft opinion is reportedly signed by Justice Samuel Alito, a member of the court’s 6-3 conservative majority, who was appointed by former President George W Bush. Judges have been known to change their minds during the drafting process. Politico claimed it had been given ‘a copy of the draft opinion from a person familiar with the court’s proceedings in the Mississippi case along with other details supporting the authenticity of the document’. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.