McDonald’s has announced a full-scale withdrawal from Russia, citing the ‘humanitarian crisis’ caused by Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine. The mega chain will sell all its restaurants in the country and ‘de-Arch’ their new owners, banning them from using its name, branding, or menu. The move will make Russia the largest country in the world without a single McDonald’s branch, and the most populous after Nigeria and Bangladesh. It also makes McDonald’s one of the few major global brands to permanently pull out of the country in protest at the war. Bosses shut down operations on March 8, less than two weeks after the launch of the invasion, joining the likes of Starbucks, KFC and Pizza Hut, but previously said the closure would be temporary. In a statement, they said a continued presence in Russia is now ‘no longer tenable, nor is it consistent with McDonald’s values’. McDonald’s is guaranteeing its 62,000 Russian restaurant workers employment with the stores’ new owners as part of any sale deal, and pledged to continue paying them until then. CEO Chris Kempzcinski said he was ‘exceptionally proud’ of them and their local suppliers, adding: ‘Their dedication and loyalty to McDonald’s make today’s announcement extremely difficult. ‘However, we have a commitment to our global community and must remain steadfast in our values. ‘And our commitment to our values means that we can no longer keep the Arches shining there.’ McDonald’s will immediately lose $1.2 billion from having to write off its investments in Russia, the statement added. The company is also anticipating ‘significant losses’ from having to sell its assets in roubles. Mr Kempzcinski privately admitted to employees, franchises and suppliers that the move would have ‘profound consequences’ on them. In an email, which the company published after it was leaked in the media, he said: ‘Some might argue that providing access to food and continuing to employ tens of thousands of ordinary citizens is surely the right thing to do. ‘But it is impossible to ignore the humanitarian crisis caused by the war in Ukraine. ‘And it is impossible to imagine the Golden Arches representing the same hope and promise that led us to enter the Russian market 32 years ago.’ McDonald’s opened its first Russian branch in Moscow in January 1990, just two months after the fall of the Berlin Wall. The CEO continued: ‘In the history of McDonald’s, it was one of our proudest and most exciting milestones. ‘After nearly half a century of Cold War animosity, the image of the Golden Arches shining above Pushkin Square heralded for many, on both sides of the Iron Curtain, the beginning of a new era.’ He appeared to suggest the company could move back into the market in future, adding: ‘Let us not end by saying, “goodbye.” Instead, let us say as they do in Russian: “Until we meet again.” The company will retain its trademark in Russia, allowing it to enforce the ‘de-Arching’ process. Got a story? Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. Or you can submit your videos and pictures here. For more stories like this, check our news page. Follow Metro.co.uk on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news updates. You can now also get Metro.co.uk articles sent straight to your device. Sign up for our daily push alerts here.