Got a crush on a Gemini? Before you dive right in to dating this special star sign, there are some things you need to know. Gemini is the third sign of the zodiac, a mutable sign (born at the end of a season), an Air sign (ruled by the cerebral element of air), and governed by the planet Mercury (clever, fast, worldly). Gemini’s astrological symbol is the twins. They’re a dual-natured, shapeshifting, enigmatic and super-smart sign who seems to know a little bit about almost everything, has been almost everywhere, and knows everyone… but is perhaps not known truly by anyone other than their own twin self (Gemini hides everything, and often acts in a way which directly opposes their true feelings). So, complex. A little tricky to read. Here’s your guide to getting to understand this sign – and winning their heart. Geminis are easy company, super friendly and witty and interested in pretty much everything going on. Always there for the gossip, always ready with an opinion, a joke or a good idea. Life is never dull when you have a Gemini in your life. They are clever, communicative, and curious. They like to know stuff. There’s great with words and presenting themselves, and are often drawn towards careers in writing, creativity, teaching, politics, promotion or showbiz. Many people think Geminis are two-faced. In fact, they are just super flexible and quick-silver when it comes to processing the latest information and adjusting their outlook or position based upon it. Nothing is held onto tightly, everything is up for discussion. So, yes, they can say one thing one minute, and the opposite thing the next minute. They just changed their mind! Geminis cannot bear boredom, OTT emotions (as an Air sign, they tend to veer towards the stiff upper lip/cover it all up with humour approach), clinginess or dullness. They are the zodiac’s youthful magpies – always looking for the next shiny object to catch their eye. The fastest way to lose the interest of your Gemini beau is to come on too strong, shower them with major romance gestures or try to control / restrict them (even if it all comes from the most loving and caring place possible). They will run a mile. They hate being smothered or leaned on too hard or told what to do. All Geminis are rebels, even if they don’t seem it at first. They have an innate need for their own space and autonomy, even if they love you deeply. Geminis just wanna’have fun! So, your relationship will need to be full of exciting trips, outings, explorations, travel, and vacations. Geminis nearly really fully grow up so being like kids together is what they enjoy and feel at home with. They want you to challenge them, they want you to argue with them, they want lots of debate and discussion (but not conflict or pressure). One thing Geminis are pretty skilled at is dirty talk. They have vast and varied imaginations and enjoy creating scenarios and role plays and little fantasies they can draw you in to. That is like play to them and being playful is where they’re at their best. Other Air signs – so fellow Geminis, as well as Aquarius and Libra. Air signs are the curious, clever, and chilly gang of the zodiac, they live more in their head than their bodies, they are cerebral vs physical, and they don’t do big, overflowing emotional scenes. Keep it cool! Gemini’s opposite sign (the sign they’re magnetised by in love) is Sagittarius. This pair are capable of anything and, through daring each other and egging each other on, can get into all kinds of scrapes. Both are abundant, social, adventurous explorers! A great high-energy duo. Gemini shares a planet, Mercury, with Virgo, so that too can make for a harmonious pairing. Never-ending entertainment and fun, an adventure always ahead on the horizon, an optimistic and positive partner who uplifts you and looks on the bright side (but, deep down, is super shrewd and worldly too). Lots of discussion, debate and verbal jousting, everything turns into a ‘Google search’ and you learn new things every day. Lots of holidays and trips. Lots of laughter and jokes. The odd worry about where they are, who they’re with and their latest flirting escapade… but, generally, a fun and bright partner for a happy and interesting life. Kerry King, the tarot queen, uses tarot and star sign wisdom to create inspiring forecasts and insights, with over 25 years fortune telling experience, and many happy clients all over the world. You can book a personal, written reading, which comes as a beautifully illustrated brochure, through Etsy or join her new Tarot Club and get weekly forecasts and more for £5 a month. Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Are you content or complacent in your relationship? MORE : Your star sign’s planetary return is like another birthday – here’s what each one means for you MORE : Speed dating is back – after lockdown, is it any wonder?