The buy now, pay later giant Klarna has announced it is going to start reporting customers’ debts and shopping habits to credit agencies. It will report purchases paid on time, late payments and unpaid purchases for ‘pay in 30’ and ‘pay in three’ schemes to Experian and TransUnion. The Swedish firm, which is the biggest buy now, pay later (BNPL) company operating in the UK will start sharing data with credit agencies from June. It means credit card companies will be able to see transactions and debts when conducting formal checks on potential borrowers. But, debts and repayments will only start affecting customers’ credit scores after 18-months meaning the change will have little impact until 2023. The popularity of BNPL services, which allow shoppers to postpone or spread the cost of purchases, has grown rapidly in the UK in recent years. The Woolard Review previously found the use of BNPL products nearly quadrupled in 2020, amounting to £2.7 billion. While BNPL products can help people to avoid paying interest on their borrowing, some may rapidly build up debts by using the schemes as an option at online checkouts. The products are currently unregulated in the UK and new rules for the rapidly expanding sector may not come into effect until next year. Klarna said the decision to report customer use to credit agencies will protect consumers and provide the industry with greater visibility of BNPL use, helping to improve affordability assessments. Most large purchase schemes already report to credit agencies and Klarna’s move may put pressure on other BNPL providers to do the same. There are fears the decision may also lead to some shoppers turning to rival BNPL companies which do not report to credit agencies in a bid to hide debts and missed payments. However, Klarna has said the new reporting will give people another way of building up positive credit scores without having to sign up for high-interest credit cards. Alex Marsh, head of Klarna UK, said: ‘It is alarming that UK consumers are still being forced to take out high-cost credit cards to demonstrate they can use credit responsibly and build their credit profile. ‘That will start to change on June 1 this year as the vast majority of the 16 million UK consumers who make Klarna BNPL payments in full and on time will be able to demonstrate their responsible use of credit to other lenders.’ Klarna said other changes to its operation include previously announced updated wording at checkouts to make it clear that BNPL options are credit products, with consequences for missed payments. It has also introduced an internal complaints adjudicator. In February, the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) said some BNPL firms had agreed to change terms in their customer contracts to make them fairer and easier to understand. The UK Government plans to change the law to bring some forms of unregulated BNPL products into FCA regulation. Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.