Royal Family superfans are already camping out on the Mall days before the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee celebrations begin. Devoted royalists have been braving heavy showers to soak up every moment of the historic occasion. A bumper Bank Holiday weekend marking 70 years of Queen Elizabeth II’s reign kicks off on Thursday, when the Trooping the Colour will be held at Buckingham Palace. The ceremony takes place every year to honour the Queen’s birthday but this year’s will be extra special. The parade will see 1st Battalion Irish Guards, and more than 1,200 officers and soldiers from the Household Division put on a display of military pageantry. It is hoped the Queen will make an appearance on the balcony of Buckingham Palace along with other Royal Family members to watch a special flypast. Keen to get a good spot people have been setting up tents by a security fence around Buckingaham Palace. John Loughery, 67, from London, said he first fell in love with the monarchy as a child in the 1960s and has been to countless Royal events. He said: ‘The Queen’s 90th birthday was the most special. And what would have been Diana’s 60th. ‘Prince William was in the Palace with his kids and he came out and spoke to us, saying “this is an unofficial visit and I am touched by what you are doing for my mother”. ‘I said “I always pray for your mother and I will light a candle in Westminster Abbey”.’ John said he has met the Queen twice, once at Windsor Castle when he gave her a rose for each of her family. He added: ‘She goes out of her way to meet people. I said to Her Majesty, “we are very proud of you and you are always in our hearts”. ‘She has seen so much history. She has had a long life, always been there for the Commonwealth and done her duty.’ Another royal fanatic, Sky London, 61, from London, said she was ‘very excited’ for this week’s celebrations. ‘The Queen has supported the people with what they want and not what she wants and that’s why she is well liked worldwide,’ she said. ‘We were there when George and Louis were born, when Harry was married, and we are just total fans of the Royal Family. ‘What can be said against them? I’ve seen people in other cities saying she will be the last Monarch. She wasn’t the first and she won’t be the last.’ Maria Scott, 51, from the North East of England, said her group turned up without notifying the police at 1.30am. ‘The police know us because we always come out at Royal events. They have no problems with us doing it,’ she said. After Trooping the Colour, Maria’s group plan to spend the night at St Paul’s Cathedral, where royals are set to attend a service of thanksgiving on Friday. They will then head back to the Palace for a concert on Saturday and a pageant on Sunday. ‘When the rain goes away we normally have lots of people coming by to chat to us,’ said Maria. ‘They think it’s wonderful how patriotic we are and it’s wonderful meeting people from so many different countries. ‘I think the Queen is amazing. She has been very strong over the years and through her life. She is backbone of the country.’ Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk. For more stories like this, check our news page.