Brooklyn Beckham hailed the moment he saw his beautiful bride Nicola Peltz in her dress as ‘the highlight of the whole wedding.’ The loved-up couple tied the knot in a star-studded $3million wedding on Saturday with Nicola’s billionaire parents, Nelson and Claudia, hosting the ceremony at their sprawling Palm Beach, Florida mansion. In the June issue of British Vogue, the newlyweds grace the front cover in all white, and another snap from the shoot shows Brooklyn holding his wife close while on the beach. The pair originally shared the first set of wedding photos from their special day – which took place on Saturday April 9. Alongside the most recent shots, Brooklyn and Nicola reflected on their magical day – where celebrity guests including Spice Girls Mel B and Mel C, Serena Williams and Gordon Ramsay made an appearance. ‘The highlight of the whole wedding for me was seeing her for the first time in that dress,’ Brooklyn gushed. ‘It was the first time ever in my life when I felt like I couldn’t catch my breath.’ Nicola – who wore a Valentino wedding dress – was also unaware that her mother Claudia, had asked the seamstresses to use baby-blue thread to discreetly embroider the cutest message, reading: ‘Nicola, my heart. You are me, I am you. All my love, all my life, my beautiful girl, inside. Love Mum.’‘I’m happy she showed that to me after the ceremony because I just burst into tears,’ she said. While Nicola was at the forefront of Brooklyn’s mind, the actress shared that the aspiring chef also made sure that ‘square plates and big forks’ were banned from the wedding reception. ‘We didn’t eat at all until we got to the Wendy’s truck, and then I had three burgers,’ Nicola told the outlet. ‘It was my idea’, Brooklyn added. ‘A perfect final touch.’ The couple recently enjoyed their red carpet debut as husband and wife at the Met Gala earlier this month, with Brooklyn looking dapper in a white suit and a shirt which he casually left unbuttoned to serve a little chest. Nicola also understood the theme, as she wowed in a fuschia strapless gown with a plunging neckline down to her stomach. They’ve been making the most of their honeymoon period by jetting around the States, after previously being photographed in Santa Monica, California, shopping at a luxury supermarket, while Brooklyn also recently unwound from the hustle and bustle of the wedding with a spot of golf on a sunny day. The couple are reportedly planning a proper honeymoon extravaganza in Europe soon. See the full feature in the June issue of British Vogue available via digital download and on newsstands from Tuesday 24th May. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Newlyweds Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz enjoy casual dinner after glamorous Met Gala appearance MORE : Brooklyn Beckham can’t keep his mouth off new wife Nicola Peltz at Dior show in LA 