Kourtney Kardashian had a very awkward moment following her engagement to Travis Barker – when she broke her whopper of a diamond ring. The mom-of-three took the next step with the Blink-182 rocker last year, in scenes that have finally aired on The Kardashians. While they have barely taken a break from all their PDA since the romantic day, it turns out the reality star had a ‘nervous breakdown’ in the days since the proposal. Speaking to Kris Jenner in the most recent episode, the momager questioned where her missing ring was, leading Kourtney to come clean. ‘I’m covering it because it’s actually getting fixed,’ she said, delving into the story. ‘This is probably one of the worst things I’ve ever done in my whole life. ‘I was sitting on my floor folding sweatshirts, and I took the ring off and I put it next to me on the floor, thinking it would be safe right next to me. ‘I had to get something up above in my closet and when I stepped down, I stepped on the ring.’ Clearly baffled by the news, Kris clarified: ‘You broke your engagement ring?’ ‘I was hysterically crying in my closet for hours,’ she continued before confirming that Travis came to the rescue. ‘He handled it the best, but it really gave me a nervous breakdown. ‘This is the most beautiful thing I’ve ever had in my life. How could I have done that?’ She added to the camera: ‘Travis picked it out, he designed it and it was, like, me in a stone. So I thought that was really special.’ Maybe don’t leave it on the floor next time… It was an awkward episode all around as Kourtney and Travis accidentally got hot and heavy with their trademark PDA, as her ex Scott Disick watched on. The former couple dated on-and-off for around nine years, and share children Mason, Penelope and Reign together before calling time on their romance in 2015. The businessman has kept a low profile on the series so far, as his ex’s new romance took center stage, but he eventually landed an invite to Kris’ birthday dinner, where he took a moment to congratulate the couple on their happy news. Shortly after, Kravis couldn’t help sharing a kiss before sitting down to eat, seemingly unaware that everyone else in the room could see them. As you do. ‘Scott’s right there,’ the family matriarch stage-whispered as the table watched on. ‘Oh, this couldn’t be more awkward!’ As the camera panned to an uncomfortable looking Scott, Kourtney admitted in a confessional: ‘I know we were holding back. That I do know. We weren’t like just fully going for it. ‘I didn’t know that anyone was looking at us…’ ‘I’m happy for her,’ Scott added in his own VT. ‘She’s got a man who loves her, and she deserves it, because there were so many years where I didn’t put her first.’ The Kardashians is available to stream on Hulu and Disney+ now. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ireland’s Eurovision 2022 act Brooke Scullion had ‘no opportunities’ after The Voice UK: ‘I was holding onto my singing dream by a thread’ MORE : Hollyoaks spoilers: Warren dumps Maxine as she is accused of lying about mystery illness? 