Cardi B has insisted there’s no feud between her and Billie Eilish, who was accused of calling the rapper ‘weird’ at the Met Gala. The WAP rapper hosted an afterparty with Playboy and The Standard at Boom Boom Room in New York City after attending the star-studded fashion event on Monday. A clip circulating online shows Billie watching Cardi speak to the audience from afar, as the rapper told them: ‘Have fun, make sure y’all get your drinks, make sure you get y’all [drugs],’ while motioning to her nose. Billie then turns to a friend and is clearly heard saying: ‘That is so weird.’ Cardi, 29, has now reacted to the incident by sharing a private voice message which Billie, 20, sent her via Instagram explaining what she meant when she said ‘weird’. In the clip shared on Cardi’s social media, Billie says: ‘Oh my God, I was so worried that you were going to see that. I was f*****g calling the people around you weird because everybody was coming up to you, shoving their phones into your a*s. ‘And I was like, “Just look at her with your eyes!”’ Cardi replied to her: ‘The internet is trying to divide us. They don’t understand that you’re my baby.’ She also wrote in the caption: ‘I hate the internet cause one, how do y’all turn one of the most lit parties into drama? Two, “ocean eyes” is the song I cater to my daughter. Three, Billie is my f****n baby. Yesterday, from the Met to the party, everything was drama free. Why do yall wanna turn everything into mess?’ On more of a positive note, Cardi seemed to have a blast at the Playboy party and later tweeted: ‘Naaaaa no lie that party was too lit last night …..I can’t wait to throw my first playboy cover release party! The theme going to be lit but the celeb on the cover even more fireeee.’ The Grammy-winning rapper dazzled on the Met Gala red carpet donning a stunning gold column Versace gown to honour the Gilded Age theme. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Kanye West ‘sued’ by Texas pastor for ‘unauthorised’ sample of sermon on Donda album MORE : ITV hit back at Olivia Attwood ‘diva’ claims following reports she is ‘acting like a princess’ on new series The Games 