Doctor Who has confirmed Sex Education star Ncuti Gatwa is the new Time Lord. The 29-year-old will become the 14th Doctor on the popular BBC sci-fi series after Jodie Whittaker announced last July she will be leaving the role. The exciting announcement was teased by returning Doctor Who showrunner Russell T Davies and Gatwa on Instagram, with a post featuring two heart emojis, a plus symbol and a blue square. ‘There aren’t quite the words to describe how I’m feeling,’ Garwa said of his role. ‘A mix of deeply honoured, beyond excited and of course a little bit scared. ‘This role and show means so much to so many around the world, including myself, and each one of my incredibly talented predecessors has handled that unique responsibility and privilege with the utmost care. ‘I will endeavour my upmost to do the same.’ He continued: ‘Russell T Davies is almost as iconic as the Doctor himself and being able to work with him is a dream come true. His writing is dynamic, exciting, incredibly intelligent and fizzing with danger. ‘An actor’s metaphorical playground. The entire team have been so welcoming and truly give their hearts to the show. ‘And so as much as it’s daunting, I’m aware I’m joining a really supportive family. Unlike the Doctor, I may only have one heart but I am giving it all to this show.’ Queer As Folk and It’s A Sin writer Davies is returning to Doctor Who as showrunner after departing the show in 2009. Davies, who was responsible for the show’s revival in 2005, will be back to celebrate the show’s 60th anniversary in 2023. ‘The future is here and it’s Ncuti!’ he enthused. ‘Sometimes talent walks through the door and it’s so bright and bold and brilliant, I just stand back in awe and thank my lucky stars. ‘Ncuti dazzled us, seized hold of the Doctor and owned those Tardis keys in seconds. ‘It’s an honour to work with him, and a hoot, I can’t wait to get started. I’m sure you’re dying to know more, but we’re rationing ourselves for now, with the wonderful Jodie’s epic finale yet to come. ‘But I promise you, 2023 will be spectacular!’ Scottish actor Gatwa, who was born in Rwanda, starred as Eric Effiong in Netflix’s hugely popular Sex Education about socially awkward high school student Otis (Asa Butterfield) and his sex therapist mother Jean (Gillian Anderson). Fans are over the moon by Gatwa’s casting and can’t wait to see him in action. Georgia Tennant, wife of former Doctor Who star David Tennant and daughter of Peter Davison, who also played the Doctor, tweeted: ‘Hello dad.’ It’s A Sin star Olly Alexander, who was among the names touted to be in the running to play the Doctor, tweeted: ‘NCUTIIIIIIII!!!! Amazing !!’ The BBC said further details would be announced in due course. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 