Johnny Depp marked the end of his trial against Amber Heard in a surprising way – by jetting to Sheffield. The actor stunned fans by making an unexpected appearance alongside his close friend Jeff Beck, who’s currently touring the UK, to perform their 2020 song Isolation, a remake of John Lennon’s hit released in 1970. Johnny, who is also part of the band Hollywood Vampires with Alice Cooper and Joe Perry, also joined Jeff for a couple of covers, with the pair rocking out to Marvin Gay’s What’s Going On and Jimi Hendrix’s Little Wing. Fans are now waiting to see if Johnny will join Jeff at his big London dates at the Royal Albert Hall on May 30 and May 31. Fans were surprised to see the star on stage in the UK just days after the closing arguments at his trial with his ex-wife, Heard. ‘Wasn’t expecting this,’ one attendee wrote on Instagram with a photo from the night. ‘I thought he was in court but turns out he’s in Sheffield with Jeff Beck.’ The same person said the actor sounded ‘absolutely incredible’ and gave an ‘utterly outstanding’ performance. Heard has kept a lower profile since the trial, reportedly going to stay in Joshua Tree, California, after the ‘stress’ of the case. The Pirates of the Caribbean actor, 58, is suing his ex-wife, 36, for defamation over an op-ed she wrote for the Washington Post in 2018, discussing her experience with domestic abuse. Depp is suing the Aquaman actress for damages to his livelihood and mental health, and he denies allegations of abuse. Following several weeks of emotional scenes, lawyers for both parties presented their closing arguments on day 24, before the jury were sent away to deliberate. It was not known when they could return with a decision, but due to the US federal holiday, Memorial Day, on May 30, the jury will return to continue its discussions on Tuesday, May 31. The former couple first arrived in court on April 11 when the trial began, with both stars taking the stand to give evidence. Other witnesses have included Kate Moss, Heard’s sister Whitney, and Depp’s former bodyguard. After a range of accusations were thrown around the courtroom, the Edward Scissorhands star maintains that he had never struck a woman in his life. The trial was televised, with millions of fans tuning in over the course of the case. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Amber Heard’s ex Elon Musk breaks silence on Johnny Depp trial: ‘I hope they both move on’ MORE : Johnny Depp trial: Jury sent home for weekend after deliberations began in Amber Heard defamation case 