Lorraine Kelly couldn’t resist having a dig at Gwyneth Paltrow over the actress’s interesting $120 nappy stunt. The Goop founder launched a fake $120 (£98) pack of 12 nappies, which came with an alpaca wool lining, fastened with amber gem stones ‘known for their ancient emotional-cleansing properties‘ and her brand’s signature G logo. Initially, Gwyneth’s announcement that her brand would be selling these extortionate nappies seemed genuine when she was actually protesting about the taxes placed on an essential item, stressing it is not a luxury good. Naturally, the nappy caused outrage, which was actually her plan all along. Confirming the nappy was a protest, Gwyneth explained: ‘It was designed to p**s us off. ‘If treating diapers like a luxury makes you mad, so should taxing them like a luxury.’ ‘Despite the absolutely necessity of diapers, in 33 states they aren’t treated like an essential item. They’re taxed like a luxury good,’ Gwyneth continued. Mocking Gwyneth’s well-intentioned stunt on today’s Lorraine, showbiz reporter Courtney quipped: ‘I think parents have enough to stress about, we have baby formula shortages, inflation…’ After Gwyneth has become more synonymous for shifting candles that smell like her vagina and vampire repellent spray than her acting, Lorraine stook a swipe. ‘Well good for her for doing that but interesting we believed she would sell a crazy product like that.’ Appearing on CBS in the States last weekend, Gwyneth – who shares two children, Apple, 17, an Moses, 16, with ex-husband Chris Martin, 45 – opened up about the ‘diaper tax’. ‘I never had to think about the cost of diapers, never once, until recently when my team at Goop brought it up,’ she said. ‘ We were talking about the diaper tax. Despite the absolute necessity of diapers, in 33 states they’re taxed like a luxury good. ‘Depending on the state, this sales tax can add between 1.5 and 7 percent to their cost. This makes diapers the fourth highest household expense for many low-income families.’ Lorraine airs weekdays at 9am on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. 