Anyone who writes knows what it feels like when writer’s block hits. The motivation drains from your body, you forget every word you’ve ever learnt, every sentence is stilted and dry. Block can weigh on a writer’s shoulders for hours, days, even months. Often, the harder to try to break out of it, the bigger the block becomes. It’s a bit of a viscous cycle. Writer’s block doesn’t only impact novelists and people writing creative prose, it can also strike at work when you’re writing a presentation, or in your studies when you have a big essay to complete. There’s never a good time to get writer’s block – but there are ways to work through it. We asked professional authors and writers to share their top tips for working through writer’s block – to help you overcome your next literary dry spell: Wellness expert, writer and poet ‘Do something you are bad at. ‘Sometimes the pressure of a blank page can be overwhelming. The best way I know to take the pressure off is to spend time in a learner’s space – try something new without expectations of brilliance. Whether that’s learning to rollerskate (like me) or heading to Youtube University it can help to distract you, reset your mind and make you feel more confident returning to writing. ‘Create a ritual to prepare to write. ‘Having a routine that you do before (and after) each writing session can also help your brain to be ready for the task at hand. Just like athletes have their routines and superstitions, applying the same discipline to your writing can help to prepare for success. If it doesn’t happen today, try again tomorrow. ‘Reflect on the idea. ‘Sometimes you have writers block because you’re not going in the right direction with the story or piece, and something else wants to come through. Read over your work and your outline with a critical eye and see if you’re missing something. ‘Figure out your rhythm. ‘Some people say that if you’re a writer, you should be writing everyday. But sitting at a computer and typing out rubbish or worse, nothing, is not great for your self-esteem as a writer. I think it’s more important to experiment with different writing rituals and see what works for you. ‘I’m personally very cyclical so sometimes, the writing just isn’t flowing for days or weeks at a time. In those times I read, rest, come up with story ideas etc. and don’t stress about the fact that I’m not writing.’ Writer and author ‘One of my most effective ways of dealing with writer’s block is to leave the page I’m stuck on and jump ahead to a different chapter or scene. I find that trying to write chronologically often trips me up and I can get stuck for days. ‘By jumping ahead, I can play with a new scene, sometimes just sketching it out loosely, which encourages me to see the book as a whole not just as something that must be tackled page by page. ‘If the plot is being stubborn, I turn my attention to “place” and focus on the backdrop to my story, the external landscape, the interiors of rooms, smells and sights. Sometimes just the act of listing the sensory elements of a scene is enough to kick start the real writing. ‘In the same way, writing character profiles, in which I map out details of each character – who they are, their likes and dislikes, mannerisms and idiosyncrasies, and any backstories, including historic relationships with family, partners and friends. ‘This really helps me to get into a character’s head and I can let them lead the story rather than me trying to force the story on them. ‘I’m lucky enough to live in the Somerset countryside and going for walks with my dogs always helps me think through sticky plot problems. I always take a notebook with me and as I’m walking, I play out different scenarios in my head, sussing out their suitability. ‘Being out in nature also helps to clear the clutter in my mind so that I can better compartmentalise my thoughts. If I can’t get outside, then I like to sit by a window as just looking at the outside world is meditation in itself.’ Journalist, author, poet ‘When I am really stuck, I always go to Gustav Holst and put on The Planets. It’s amazing because the music changes beat and tempo as you go through each planet. It seems to unlock something in the brain. ‘Another thing for writer’s block is to just write nonsense down – as it’s the first step to writing. Then make sense of it. Or leave it to be. It can be a gate opener though and doesn’t involve so much pressure. ‘Or find a free competition to enter and try and write to brief. A lot of it is about muscle memory and just trying. Again it’s about seeing what your brain can come up with rather than trying to impress anyone.’ Historical mystery writer, author of The Strangled Servant ‘I think it’s difficult to say whether as a writer you’re facing a lack of inspiration, don’t know where to begin, or what to write next. That’s why it’s really important as writers that we take breaks. ‘Once I’ve finished a novel, I step away from it for a month. In that month I’ll read, do jigsaw puzzles, watch zombie horror or period dramas, and do anything and everything I can that’s not writing. ‘By the end of that month, I’ll be almost twitchy with wanting to write, and that month will have given me enough breathing space to return to that first draft and start fixing. ‘If I need to keep myself motivated and am feeling a bit blah about writing, I’ll set up an internal deadline. I’m grateful to my parents for this, as each weekend I owe them another chapter of my latest novel to read, and if they don’t get that, they bug me. Having that internal deadline really helps. ‘If I have to get words on the page and don’t want any distractions, including music, I’ll use the cold turkey app. It sounds harsh but it can work. ‘With my latest novel, I really struggled to write, as I was writing one plot with a murderer in mind, but it wasn’t quite gelling with other ideas that kept floating in the back of my mind. ‘Outlining can help, but I don’t want too much structure or else it can disturb my creative flow and I’ll feel stifled. This past week, I summarised two different plots for culprits who could have committed the crime and pitched them to my dad and husband. They both came back with the same feedback, but I couldn’t decide which plot and culprit I liked best. Then I realised by merging the plots, I’d solved my problem. ‘Having a small network of people to bounce ideas off of really helps, as in the end, it may be your story, but it’s having those trusted few to poke holes in your plots that truly make the writing process worthwhile.’ Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : Retreat for Black women aims to ‘heal racial exhaustion’ and create space for joy MORE : How to create the perfect environment for creative writing MORE : How to start writing a novel – authors share how they did it