Britain’s Got Talent’s live semi-finals kicked off on Monday night and saw Maxwell Thorpe and ventriloquist comedian Jamie Leahe have secured their place in Sunday’s final. The 32-year-old busker won the public vote, leaving judges Simon Cowell, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and David Walliams to decide between comedian Jamie and magician Junwoo. ‘This is really tough, especially when both are equally brilliant at what they do, Jamie I love you but i’m going with Junwo tonight,’ said Alesha. ‘They are everything that our show is about, it is the Royal Variety, but I have to go with chicken tonight,’ said Alesha. As hosts Ant and Dec asked Simon to make a decision, the music mogul struggled to make a choice and decided to put it to a public vote – which Jamie won. Maxwell closed tonight’s show and earned a standing ovation from the judges, with David stating that he should have been ‘given a golden buzzer’. Other acts that failed to make it through to the final, singer Mel Day, comedian Suzi Wild, London Community Gospel Choir, David’s golden buzzer act Born To Perform and The Witches. Elsewhere during tonight’s show, the spooky Witches left Amanda shaking after they brought out a rat. When hosts Ant and Dec asked Amanda how she was feeling, she replied: ‘It was the most terrifying thing that’s happened to me in 16 years.’ Soul singer Mel kickstarted the semi-finals with a medley of old school classics, while Born To Perform radiated pure joy with their upbeat performance, which resulted in David jokingly threatening to quit the show if fans didn’t vote for them. The show will be back tomorrow at the same time, and eight new acts will perform for a chance to make it to 2022’s grand final. Britain’s Got Talent returns on Tuesday at 8pm on ITV. Got a story? If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you. MORE : Ant McPartlin bandaged up by BGT medic after smacking his head on a coconut backstage: ‘F**k!’ MORE : Britain’s Got Talent finalist shares ‘exciting news’ about gender clinic appointment after coming out as trans and ‘officially’ changing name 