The notion that time is our most precious resource can bring with it a sense of time-pressure. Time is money, we are always told, and time is running out — so we must manage it well and spend it accordingly. We take time-management courses, adopt various techniques, buy new planners, download the latest productivity app, divide our day into blocks so our time is never wasted. Yet in our zealous attempts to account for every hour, we can become more susceptible to wasted-time worry, the impatient judge that tells us we should be doing more with our time — or doing something else. We can spend an afternoon lamenting the time we wasted that morning, spoiling hours that would otherwise have been available to us. Sometimes it’s not just the hours we worry about wasting, but the scraps of time that get lost in between—the countless minutes spent on bitsy chores, answering emails, replying to texts, waiting for other people. ‘Time confetti’, a term coined by the director of the Better Life Lab at New America, Brigid Schulte, describes how time is scattered about our days, resulting in the minutes spent on seemingly insignificant actions adding up to a multicoloured mound of ‘wasted time’. To collect our time confetti, we’re often advised to adopt time-management techniques such as putting our devices away or bundling similar tasks together. These approaches can prove helpful, especially in reducing the feeling that we’re overwhelmed by the pile-up, but they don’t address the worry we attach to wasted time, which can compound. When we worry about wasting time, we end up wasting our time worrying. While time-management techniques might offer us a semblance of control, they often overlook the fact that we aren’t vacuums designed to suction every discretionary minute in our day; we are human beings, with varying rhythms, living in fragmented days. Perhaps we need to shift away from trying to maximise our time and instead try to reduce our worry about wasting it. After all, isn’t the surest way of squandering time to worry about wasting it? Often, when we worry about wasting time, we are comparing ourselves to how productive we assume other people are. But I have a suspicion that most people are ‘wasting’ more time than they let on. People often hide that they are time wasters, which perpetuates the sense each of us feels that everyone is using their time well, except us. Engineer, author and activist Yassmin Abdel-Magied has a tendency to ‘waste time’ by binge-watching YouTube videos and The Daily Show, or doing things that are nice to do but not necessarily required. ‘I might have all these things to do on a given day, but if the sun is shining, I’ll convince myself it is imperative that I make use of the sunshine,’ she says, then adds with a smile, ‘But that’s living, right?’ We are bound to waste time — we put things off, take too long to start, become distracted, overlook the efficient route, run late, scroll, chitchat too long with a colleague at lunch. But we also judge how we spend our time rather harshly, lumping everything that isn’t deemed a productive use of our time as a waste, when there may be value in those moments too. As Antoine de Saint-Exupéry wrote in The Little Prince: ‘It is the time you have wasted for your rose that makes your rose so important.’ We don’t have to view every moment we don’t spend the way we expected to as a waste — we can simply appreciate the part it played in our life. In a society that emphasises the productive use of time, we can easily forget that time we enjoyed wasting is not wasted time. And what a pity it is when we don’t even start something because we fear it will be a waste of time — for example, we never begin writing our novel because we worry it will never get published, or we don’t start learning a language because we expect we’ll never visit the country where it’s spoken. What if it’s a waste of time? This may explain why it can be easier to disappear into busy schedules — surely ‘wasting’ the day on things that fill the time is more acceptable than wasting the day on something that might lead nowhere. But is spending all our time on things that aren’t fulfilling really a good use of our limited days? Perhaps it’s better to do something we want to do, even if it fails? Surely it’s better at least to try than let time pass us by. Even the notion of time passing us by can fling us into worry about all the time we’ve let pass by. What has been helpful for me in such moments is to remember that time cannot be wasted in advance — a sentiment I’ve borrowed from Arnold Bennett. In How to Live on 24 Hours a Day, Bennett writes: ‘The next year, the next day, the next hour are lying ready for you, as perfect, as unspoilt, as if you had never wasted or misapplied a single moment in all your career … You can turn over a new leaf every hour if you choose.’ So you’ve spent a few hours worrying rather than beginning something? Turn over a new leaf. You got stuck in traffic and are late to an event? Turn over a new leaf. You had one too many drinks last night and slept for half the day? Turn over a new leaf. Part of turning over a new leaf is to recognise that none of us seize every moment — and maybe there is less for us to seize than we tell ourselves. We can add so much to our to-do lists, but there are only so many imperfect splodges in the day. The increasing length of the working day, or the expectations surrounding it, have influenced how we much we think we should be working. Anything that’s not work can be seen as a waste, which can see menial tasks pile up to the point of overwhelm, or we debate internally whether or not the fulfilling thing is worth pursuing. But speaking with hundreds of creatives about their days has helped me adjust my expectations around what constitutes a productive working day when the focus is on mostly cognitive tasks. Many of the interviewees mimicked what we find in the daily routines of great artists throughout history, as well as research on knowledge workers: on most days, three to four hours of high-quality, focused mental work is about our maximum. Working beyond that can be a waste. Time doesn’t have to be the measure of quality work. The illustrator Chaz Hutton, known for his cartoons on sticky notes, told me that when he worked nine-to-five he found it frustrating that you could have completed your work for the day, but you’d have to keep ‘working’ until it was clock-off time. When he transitioned to working as a freelancer, he switched from this time-based measure to a task-based measure, where he would draw on at least three sticky notes a day. While few of us may make a living from our art, this lesson on defining what is ‘enough’ is something we can all borrow. Whether that’s prioritising the tasks that ensure you’re not holding someone up, or putting a limit to the number of emails you respond to in a day, or acknowledging that there’s always more work to be done and today you’ve done enough. On the other side of the coin, sometimes getting the majority of our work done in less time — say, because we are practised in a certain skill — shouldn’t mean that the remaining hours are then spent on more work. I’ve often wondered what all the time-optimising hacks are really for — if we optimise in order to gain more time, then why do we feel guilty or rush to fill that time when we finally get it? We don’t need every hour to be optimised to accomplish things. Instead, we can simply have more space for the work of the day — and the empty time we need in between. Often our encounters with empty time can fling us into boredom, panic or anxiety, or add to our wasted-time worry. But we need some hours in the day to waste as we wish — just like the negative space in design cushions the text to make it more readable. We need cushioning in our days too. We can give ourselves space to waste time. We can arrive somewhere early, and sit and look around instead of answering emails on our phone. We can become more comfortable with empty moments rather than rushing to optimise every second. We can enjoy that unexpected phone call from a friend. We can allow ourselves to pause and think. We can see our commuting time as a chance to let our mind wander, rather than scrolling social media. We might achieve a little less, but we’ll likely feel a little more centred. By adding some cushioning, we can take our time. We will inevitably get lost in Twitter spirals. We will make endless cups of tea. We will be distracted by sunny days, and feel blue on rainy nights. We will find it difficult to define ‘enough’. Instead of berating ourselves for the moments we waste, we can value the cushioning they provide—and perhaps even come to appreciate the colourful specs of confetti on our living room floor. This is an edited extract of I Didn’t Do The Thing Today by Madeleine Dore Do you have a story to share? Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk. MORE : How to get yourself out of a routine rut MORE : Does the Miracle Morning routine actually work? I tested it for a month MORE : How to get more deep sleep every night – and why it’s important