The agent of Ajax defender Jurrien Timber was spotted at Manchester United’s London offices as Erik ten Hag plots a reunion with the youngster, according to reports. Ten Hag was officially unveiled as the club’s new manager last Monday but had flown to the capital a week earlier – immediately following the conclusion of the Eredivisie season – to begin putting plans in place to overhaul the underperforming side. Transfers will play a key part in the Dutchman’s revolution and he has been linked to a host of his former Ajax players – who know his philosophy and tactics like the back of their hand. According to De Telegraaf, the most advanced of those deals appears to be a move for Ajax’s Talent of the Year Timber. The 20-year-old’s agent was seen at United’s London offices last week – the same base of operations Ten Hag has been working out of – and the youngster is open to joining the Red Devils. Timber is a ‘big favourite’ of Ten Hag and the United boss is eager to be reunited at Old Trafford, with the club now pushing hard to try and secure a deal. Ajax are believed to want as much as £35million for the versatile centre-back, who has also been tracked by German champions Bayern Munich. His pre-existing relationship with Ten Hag gives United an advantage, though there is still a long way to go to get a deal over the line with Ajax desperate to retain the defender. The Dutch champions have already lost Noussair Mazraoui on a free transfer, with the contract rebel joining Bayern, and the Bavarians are also working on a deal for midfielder Ryan Gravenberch. Speaking about Timber earlier this month, Ten Hag was glowing in his praise, saying: ‘I think that all top clubs in Europe have Timber in their sights.’ Addressing the speculation over his future, Timber himself told Het Parool: ‘I’m good at Ajax. I can still learn a lot, especially if we continue to play in the Champions League.’ On Ten Hag, the defender added: ‘He deserved it [the United job]. Ten Hag has been very important to me personally. ‘Under him I became the footballer, the man I am today. The coach talked to me a lot. He’s been very critical, in a good, constructive way. I won’t forget that anytime soon.’ In addition to signing Timber, Ten Hag is also believed to want a new, top-quality striker, two central midfielders – one more defence-orientated and the other more attack-minded – as well as a right winger and right-back. MORE : Manchester United confirm Ralf Rangnick consultancy role is scrapped MORE : Villarreal’s Pau Torres says ‘there is nothing’ in Manchester United transfer talk For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 