Rob Key believes new England white-ball coach Matthew Mott is the ‘perfect fit’ to work with Eoin Morgan and help the side secure more silverware. The England and Wales Cricket Board confirmed on Wednesday morning that Mott, 48, had signed a four-year contract to take over England’s 50-over and T20 teams. Mott, who has enjoyed substantial success with Australia Women, is expected to be in place for England’s three-match ODI series against Netherlands next month. The appointment was made by ECB managing director Key, chief executive officer Tom Harrison, strategic adviser Sir Andrew Strauss and performance director Mo Bobat. Former England coach Chris Silverwood was in charge of the red and white-ball teams but Key split the roles after becoming managing director last month, appointing New Zealand hero Brendon McCullum as head coach of the Test side. Discussing Mott’s appointment, Key said: ‘Matthew has had an incredible coaching journey with so many varied experiences that have brought him to this point where he was outstanding in the interview process and the perfect fit for our white-ball teams. ‘We are lucky to be able to appoint a head coach that has not only been involved in international cricket for the last few years but he has also worked in franchise cricket around the world. ‘More importantly, what he has done with the Australian women’s team is what will be asked of him to achieve for our men’s white-ball sides. ‘I’m confident that in Eoin Morgan and Matthew Mott, we have a formidable partnership that can push for more trophies in the coming years and that Matthew will be able to oversee any transition that team will go through in the future.’ During his seven years in charge of Australia’s women team, Mott oversaw one of the world’s best winning records across international sport. Under his leadership, Australia Women won consecutive T20 World Cup, this year’s 50-over World Cup and four Ashes series. Mott also helped Australia win 26 successive one-day internationals, a record in the men’s and women’s game. Before taking up his post with Australia women in 2015, Mott worked as head coach of New South Wales – leading them to victory in the Champions League T20 tournament in 2009 – and then coached Glamorgan. Mott said: ‘When this role became available, I was attracted by the chance to work with such an established and successful team under the astute leadership of Eoin Morgan. ‘The idea of the split roles and the chance to work alongside Brendon McCullum in his red-ball role is an opportunity that I am incredibly enthusiastic about and certainly provides the right balance for my family as we embark on this exciting journey. ‘It was always going to take something special to leave the role that I have loved for the past seven years with the Australian women’s team. ‘However, I genuinely believe that the time is right to play a role in helping the England Men’s ODI and T20 group continue to evolve as one of the best teams in the world.’ Morgan’s England won the 50-over World Cup on home soil in 2019 and reached the semi-finals of the T20 World Cup in November. They will bid to become T20 world champions again later in the year and defend their 50-over crown in 2023. For more stories like this, check our sport page. Follow Metro Sport for the latest news on 
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 